Prologue: The MissionDisclaimer: All characters belong to J.K. Rowling. The underlined portions are taken directly from the novel; I do not own those parts. They belong to J.K. Rowling.Author's Note: This fanfiction is going to be different from my other stories. This picks up where "The Heart of Everything" and "The Heart of Everything: Shallow Bay" left off. The time in the books also changes. So, pay attention the time, so you don't get confused. Some of the chapters are other Marcus Flint/Katie Bell stories, just with more changes and deleted scenes added.Time: Harry Potter and the Deathly HallowsGenre: Romance, Drama, and FriendshipRating: PG-13The dark, Gothic features of Malfoy Manor stood against the dark English night. The moon casted an eerily light on one of the many towers.A faint figure appeared in the moonlight. It was a man with long black robes and pale skin. He kept looking behind him every few seconds. He knew that members of the Order had been following him. He hoped that his little detour through Wales had gotten them off his back.He slowly pushed open the great doors and stepped inside the darkened manor. He could hear faint voices taking toward the east end of the manor. The figure walked in that direction.He kept his head down, focusing on putting one foot in front of the other. With each step, the voices got louder.He slowly pushed open the dining room door and stepped in."Ah, Severus," the Dark Lord said in greeting. "Do have a seat," He tapped the empty seat next to him.Snape made his way past the other Death Eaters. The Malfoys looked like they was going to be sick, while Bellatrix had a wide smirk on her face. The others just stared blankly ahead.Once Snape was seated, Lord Voldemort turned to the group. "Harry Potter is to be moved." He paused and looked at his followers.""My Lord, I have heard differently. Dawlish, the Auror, let slip that Potter will not be moved until the thirtieth, the night before the boy turns seventeen," Yaxley said.Snape fought back the urge to snort. Since when did Yaxley have any idea as to what was going on?" My source told me that there are plans to lay a false trail; this must be it. No doubt a Confundus Charm has been placed upon Dawlish I assure you, Yaxley, the Auror Office will play no further part in the protection of Harry Potter." Snape gave Yaxley a look.Yaxley held Snape's glare.Lord Voldemort nodded at this information. "We need to know for sure and your mission is going to be to find out what day for sure."Snape just nodded. "Yes, my Lord." He was puzzled. Since when did the Dark Lord ever question anything Snape said? Bellatrix was eyeing Snape; this made him wonder if she had anything to do with the Dark Lord's sudden doubting.The Dark Lord flicked his wand and all eyes went back to him.The Dark Lord was figuring his wand. "I want this to be done right. I must now what day the boy is to be moved." His cold eyes darted to everyone in the room. "He's a teenage boy, but he always seems to outsmart you.""We won't let that happen again," Belllatrix said."You better not."Snape stared down at the wooden table. How long would this last? The Dark Lord would not let this war end until Harry Potter was laying dead in front of him. They both could not be allowed to live and Snape hoped that the boy ended the Dark Lord.The Death Eaters slowly got to their feet and left Malfoy Manor.Snape arrived was back at his house fifteen minutes later. He sat down hard in the parlour room chair and stared into the empty fireplace. He had thought that the Dark Lord would have taken the bait, but, instead, he had questioned them. Snape really didn't blame the Dark Lord. Everyone had betrayed him at one point.But, still, this proved that Snape's job was going to be more difficult than he first thought.A knock sounded on Snape's door. He slowly got to his feet and wrapped his hand around his wand. He didn't get too many visitors and his guard was up. He slowly walked across the room and opened the door.Outside there was a young woman. She pulled back her hood revealing Asian features. "Can I come in?" she asked slowly.Before nodding, Snape looked up and down the street. Once she had stepped in, he quickly shut the door behind her.The young woman made herself at home in Snape's favourite chair.Snape went over the bookshelf and pulled out a book and a piece of parchment. He handed the book and parchment over. He knew that he shouldn't be doing this. This could cost all of them their lives.The young woman took the items and looked at them closely. "Is this everything?" she asked slowly."It's all I could find," Snape answered as he stared down at her. He didn't trust her, but she was his only link to them."Good," she said as she got to her feet."Are you sure about this?" Snape asked. He hoped that she would back out of doing this.She nodded. "Positive." She turned to leave. "I'll be back next week.""I told them the real date," Snape called after her.The young woman turned on heel and looked at him. "What did they say?""I just have to keep working on it. Be sure to put the word out."The young woman nodded. "Will do.""Snape watched her walk toward the door and listened as he heard it slam shut. He was alone with a mission. He sunk back down into his chair and pulled out a picture of a young witch. He stared at it and sighed.This was their freedom they was fighting for.It was her death he wanted to avenge.Changing things up a bit for part three of "The Heart of Everything" series. This story will take place during Deathly Hallows and will have both a prologue and epilogue. Marcus and Katie will be back in chapter one. Thanks for reading! 
