Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and friends, neither any of the characters you may recognize. Also, the poem 'Curtain' belongs solely to the poet Helen Spalding.It was on a quiet peaceful evening of 1945 when a young woman, know as Helen to all others, sat by the window as she spotted a young couple exchanging some serious words. Her small mouth tugged a smile as the boy gave a kiss on his lover's forehead, and held her hand. The girl then frowned deeply and searched her beloved's eyes in question as his mouth uttered some soft little apologies. Helen smiled sadly at this peaceful scene. By the crumpling look on the girl's face, she knew that they were parting. The evening sky started to fade its bright colors to pink, bringing this young lady to avert her eyes from such a sad yet a beautiful sight. Helen pitied that couple; they were perfect for each other. They looked so much in love, but their warm hearts were being broken by the disastrous war which had the world shattered for the past three years.The World War, for the second time, had taken lives of all sorts; the young, the old, the notorious, the innocent, the kind, the harsh, the cold and of course that of many lovers. Helen herself was a victim of this treacherous disaster; she lost her parents to the bombing in Paris the year before. People said that she was miraculously saved but all this young woman wanted was nothing more than to join her parents, and hide behind the stars of the night sky. Yet, as people said, time would pass on and there will be a moment when one must forget their dark nightmares of the past and move on to the future with a bright smile on their face.Those lovers though didn't deserve to separate. To Helen, they looked nave young adults of seventeen who had just started to sail on a long, eventful cruise of life. They deserved much more then parting; they deserved a happy bright future together. If it hadn't been for the war, Helen knew that the boy would make his lover something more than what they were now; perhaps his wife? If it hadn't been for the war, she could see the girl stealing kisses from him under that very apple tree by the river they were now parting. If it hadn't been for the war, everything would've been so different.Sighing to herself, Helen walked into her study, took out her mother's typewriter from the shelf and placed some papers into it. This young lady loved to express her inner emotions and feelings through poetry. All she wanted to do now was to express the awful separation of lovers she saw today. It was quite heartbreaking to see that young girl crying as the boy assured her that it was for the best.Helen took a huge breath as her nimble fingers started to click on the letters and her feelings started to print themselves on a plain, innocent sheet of paper.Goodbye. Incredulously the laced fingers loosen, Slowly sensation by sensation, from their warm interchange, And stiffen like frosted flowers in the November garden.Already division piles emphasis like bullets; Already the one dark air is separate and strange. Goodbye."Why? Why are you pushing me away?" The girl harbored her fears and quivered at her question as her beautiful golden eyes shed unwanted, salty tears. "Harry, I want to be there for you. I want to hold you and assure you that it will be okay. I want to-""Hermione, please," The boy said with a sigh, holding his lady lover by the shoulders. "I lost my father. He meant a lot to me," He paused, pushing back tears. "I lost him in the war-""Your father was a martyr," The girl said softly. "He died defending and fighting for his country. And I'm sure he wants you, Lily and Elena to move on. He wants you to be happy.""Love, you are the only one who brings happiness to my life." The boy said shakily, cupping her freckled cheek, and hypnotizing her with his intense green gaze. "You mean everything to me. I love you so much-""Then why do you want us to go in separate ways?" The brunette asked, her eyes glimmering with tears. "If I mean so much to you, if you love me, then why are you pushing me away from you?" She sobbed, enjoying the feel of his soft thumb, grazing over her cheek. "Please answer me, I want to understand!"The boy looked away, but never released her face from his hands. He wanted the softness of her flushed cheeks to last for next few moments, till he said goodbye to her."Because I don't want to lose that one person, who is the reason I'm here," he answered with a small smile. "I don't want to lose another person I love, or rather my precious first love," He paused as his lover kept looking at him with wide eyes. "There is a war going on Hermione. And we never know what the future holds for us. Today I've lost my father, tomorrow it might be you. Who knows that I die in the next nuclear bomb blast-""Don't say that!" She snapped."I don't want you to cry over my dead body love. Because I can never see you all heartbroken and moaning over the bloke whom you know for seven long years." He chuckled humorlessly. "Try to understand. I want us to live a life of our own and care more about whatever is going on around us.""So you mean you want me to stop loving you?" She asked meekly with a sniffle.His jaw tightened in all seriousness as he gazed deeply into her honey pools. "Yes."The girl took a huge breath and looked away from him, stiffening under his hold.He is right. Her mind said. He wants us to break up because he knows we can't afford the loss of our loved ones. He is doing this to keep me safe, keep himself safe-"Hermione." His voice brought her eyes to meet his, when he kissed her forehead and let his lips linger longer on her soft skin. She closed her eyes and took in the smell of his musk. Maybe this would be the very last time she was taking it in. Maybe this was the last time they were going to be like this. She could feel the cold air hit against her body in the warm June weather as he pulled back."I love you." He said softly when she gave him a cold look."Don't say that if you don't mean it." She said in possibly the calmest voice she could speak in and turned around to leave.It was all over; they were done.The boy swallowed the lump in his throat as he watched her walk away. He knew that it was painful to see her in tears, crying for their love which briefly existed. Then again, it hurt him too. He felt like a dozens of metal bullets being shot at him, while his heart bled mercilessly from despair. One moment, they were lovers. And the next they were strangers, unknown to each other, with no strings attached between them. To him, the warm weather seemed to be icy and cold without her.Now for every spring with blooming flowers that would pass, there will be a gloomy autumn where trees shed their leaves, leaving them all dried and crumpled.There is no touch now. The wave has broken That for a moment charged the desolate sea. There is a word or two left to be spoken -yet who would hear it? When so swiftly distance Out measures time, engulfs identity?She sat by the windowsill as the pitter- patter of raindrops echoed in her ears. Her eyes were all swollen and crimson; they looked dead. Her pale face looked blue, as if it were freshly taken out of ice, all frozen and cold. If it wasn't for the war, she would've been with the man she had given her heart to.There was a bomb drop in London a week ago. There were many casualties, deaths and injuries. The beautiful city was now a complete wreck. However, what mattered to her was his life. What if he was dead? What if he lost an arm or a leg? What if-?Come off it! You don't love him anymore! Her mind screamed, bringing her to wince. She knew she had to take her mind out of those haunting old memories she had with him; His touches, his kisses, the way he held her, the way loved her, the way he looked, the way he smiled, the way he cried, the way he spoke ..."No!" She said to herself, wanting to cry. But those tears never came out. "It was all a dream. A bad dream. I need to get out of it!" She shuddered at the thunder and hugged her legs closer to her chest. "If I could handle myself being without him for a month, I can always learn to live without him." She whispered to herself."Hermione!" Her mother called out. "Dinner's ready!""Coming mum!" She called back shakily, taking her time to get up. The girl knew that forgetting him would soon not be a pretense; she would forget him completely for her sake, for his sake, for their love's sake...Love, what a corny little word. They said that you get only one chance to fall in love. However love does awful things to you, it's like a game. This girl loved a guy, who left her for her protection. Maybe he wanted her to find love in someone else; someone who would protect her for eternity? Yes, maybe that was it.She sniffled and stood on her cold, numb feet as the thunder stroke again. Whatever happened now, she had to stand strong. It was her fight. It was her life to live. That boy was her past, her everything. But now, it was time to move on and meet other men who could be better than him. She was a smart one; she knew it was time to forget him and look forward to a bright, challenging coming days.She knew that nothing could stop her from facing the storm; not God, not her mind, and not even him.It was time to change, and she swore to herself that she would.She swore on him that she would label him with her nightmares and bury him into the coffin of her past.After all, Hermione Granger was an emotionally strong young woman.Already like the dreamer startled from sleep And the vivid image lost even in the waking, There is no taste now for the shrunken sense to keep, And these, the dreamer's eyes, are not alive to weep, And this, the clinic heart, the dreamer's is not breaking."Harry dear, is something bothering you?"The young man of seventeen averted his eyes from the bedroom ceiling and looked into his identical emerald eyes as his mother gave him a smile and sat next to his body."Nothing mum." The boy muttered and sat up abruptly. "It's nothing-""Is it Hermione?" His mother softly asked.He hadn't heard or spoken of that Shakespearian name in the past two months. That lovely name was something which was bothering him. He wasn't able to forget her. Was she safe? Had she moved on? Was she seeing other men?"Honey," his mother kept a comforting arm on his knee. "You have a long life to live and meet many other girls. Losing the first one isn't something to brood about-""Mum, I wasn't-""Don't lie to me. I know you very well." His mother said sternly. "Hermione was an amazing girl. But I guess, she wasn't yours to keep."Mum's right. He thought. We were never meant to be."Anyway, I've baked treacle tarts and they are waiting for you in the kitchen." She changed the topic of discussion with a huge smile. "Come over and grab them before Ellie attacks on them."The boy chuckled as his mother placed a kiss on his head and left him to his privacy. He knew that mothers knew the best. Maybe his former lover wasn't that girl he wanted to spend his life with. Sure he had imagined proposing to her with a ring while having champagne some day but, maybe the war broke it all. Why couldn't the bloodshed come to rest when they were together? Why now?The lad knew that he had to forget her. It was hard, but eventually time would pass by and he would be the man of his very own world. The next thing he did was spring onto his legs to find his father's lighter kept in the store, along with their picture.He smiled dearly at her smile, and noticed how her chocolate eyes glimmered in glee. He had his arms around her waist and his chin on her shoulder. They looked perfect, yet they weren't.He clicked the lighter to illuminate and introduced the piece of his memory to the fire. This was the only way to forget, and see what future held for him. This girl, his first love was now in his past. There was a lot of time in his hands to search the love of his life."I'm sorry Hermione." He murmured softly, as her face started to burn to ashes. "Goodbye. Take care."With those ashes, the boy had buried his past. And a young man called Harry Potter came into being; all strong and ferocious.Is it so easy then? Goodbye no more then this Quiet disaster? And is there a cause for sorrow That in this small white murder of one kiss Are born two ghosts, two Hamlets, two soliloquies Two worlds apart, tomorrow?A/N: HAPPY 2014 GUYS!I know its ten days late to say this, but still ... This story happens to be my very first one in 2014!My Dramione 'Of Laws Love and Magic' got an amazing response last year ... Although, I want this story to get an amazing response because-a) It's a Harry-Hermione story, my beloved OTP for the past eleven years.b) I've got my amazing friend to beta read/write this story.c) I thought it was a good way to start this 'Har-Mioneous' New Year.d)IT'S MY 18TH B'DAY TOMORROW!It really is guys. No jokes. :| So feel free to shower me with happiness by favoriting, following or reviewing this story because I don't mind :PThis was just a depressing beginning, but I swear to you that I have an amazing plot written in rough for this one. Believe me when I say that.So go on! Click on that cute little 'Review' button down there ^^P.S: I don't own the title of the story. I named it so, because it matches perfectly with my plot ;)P.P.S: Sorry to bother all my followers for the third time with the story alert. This chapter wasn't uploading properly.
