I am no longer that shy little boy anymore.I won't be their little saviour.They had their chance.I will not play by their rules anymore.Time is up.I'm taking over.Let's have some fun!A little concern was spooking on the faces of the gathered crowd. Of course they didn't like to show any physical emotions, but they were visible for the trained eye. Some even had clearly annoyed looks. They were wondering why their master would call out to them during the middle of the day. They had their petty little lives to maintain during the day, and it was hard to maintain their lies they like to call living."Malfoy!" Two heads looked up simultaneously. "Yes, m'lord?" They asked in unison. "Lucius, come here. Take this dagger." Lucius took the dagger and watched, waiting for the following order. "I have seen many doubts in your son. This will not do. He has seen too much, to allow him to change his mind and join the light. Kill him." It was said in a matted-of-speaking voice. Lucius his eyes nearly popped out. "M..m'lord..?" How about that, the usual so undisturbed and cool Lucius could stammer! There was a hint of a smile almost on the dark lord his face, but it was quickly covered, and there was a calculated look. "Are you planning on disobeying me Lucius? I know you would rather kill your son yourself quick and painless, instead of somebody else who would make it a long, painful and humiliating process for him. I would think you would be grateful for me giving you this opportunity?""Please, m'lord, I will teach him the right ways. He will be punished for the doubt he was showing." Lucius held out his hand with the dagger on it. He fell down on his knees and had a pleading look on his face. "Punished? I would think not Luciuss. It is not a fault if somebody wants to think for himself, nor is it wrong to ask questions. Punishing would be out of the question. I would like it if more people would think for themselves from time to time, just like my dear Severus here. I would like to have a word with you after this meeting is over Severus." Severus just nodded."Now Lucius, we have waited long enough. I don't have time for this. Do it. Now!" Lucius started shedding tears, but still turned towards his son, who was looking at him with big eyes full with tears too. Lucius got up from his knees and made a few paces towards Draco, but then was stopped by the voice of his dark lord. "Wait, Lucius. I have decided I don't like to see that blood shed just now. You will leave him here and I will teach him. It is nice to know you will follow my orders and obey even though the task might be so hard." Now everyone dismissed.There were two people left before him. A poor snivelling Draco, and a curious looking Snape. The ladder one started speaking. "Who are you? You are not the dark lord!" Snape stated with a still curious looking face. Draco was still too upset about everything and missed the whole conversation. Severus was being ignored. Instead the focus of the dark lord was on Draco. "I want you to go to the master bedroom Draco, and clean up in the bathroom next door from there." Draco looked up, tried to stutter something, and gave up made a small nod and walked away.Severus started glaring, but said nothing. That look on Severus face always had and still gave him shivers. "I.. he started speaking, but before he could say another word his mind was being penetrated by Severus." It was unexpected, and he wasn't prepared for the infiltration. He tried blocking, but couldn't do it. So instead he just used brute strength. He threw Severus out of his mind, and the strength that came with it, smashed Severus across the room and immodestly onto his bum. Hard! He ran towards Severus and was by his side. "Are you alright?""My Lord?""Stop lying around Severus. I respect you, but don't try anything again like that towards me. Is this understood?""Yes, my lord.""Now what I wanted to speak to you about... You will go back to Hogwards and say to Dumblefool that you have been assigned a not specified special order, where you need a holiday for.""Yes, my lord. For how long?""Let's just start with a week, and then we will see further. Now go report to that senile worth for nothing old man, and make sure you get back here within the hour.'"Poor old Tom, what have you gotten yourself into? Does it hurt your feelings, being overpowered by a mere 16 year old boy?" "What have you done to me?" Tom Riddle was standing in front of the mirror, while there was an inner dialog going on. "Get out of my mind Potter!" "No I think not my dearest Tom." Voldemort was being quiet then. "What? No more threats? asked Harry. Now there's a good lad. You know what, I think it's playing time. While speaking, Harry made Voldemort's hands move to his collar, and started loosening it. Then he started opening the buttons of the robe. All the while snickering inside Voldemort's head. "I always wondered if everything came out right when you were revived. I mean, with the nose and everything." All the buttons where loose now, and Harry made Voldemort remove his robe.Harry made Voldemort look down. "Really!?" If it were possible to shout, Harry was shouting now in Voldemort's mind. "I never figured you for a briefs man!" Voldemort tried to pull his hands in front of his briefs, but Harry wouldn't let him. "You don't like to show me your briefs Tom? Well, let's just take them of then?" Oh Harry was having fun, no question about that! Harry made Voldemort remove his briefs, and then look up in the mirror. Oh what a sight! "Well how about that! What you lack of nose is being compensated by this piece of art." Voldemort's hand where being forced to grab the massive cock, and the other hand to weigh the heavy ball sack. "Now Tom, you have two options. Or you are going to do your best for me to come. Or I will make you." Harry waited in silence, until the hands where moving out of themselves. He was making long strokes all over his whole length. Harry made the other hand still holding his balls squeeze a little. "Are you enjoying this, my dearest Tom? Getting all excited in front of the mirror, so I can enjoy your little show?" Voldemort started panting, and his stroking became fast and viscous. "That's right," harry said, "now come for me." Voldemort made an undignified little squelch and squirted all over the mirror.Voldemort was being forced down on his knees, and his head being pulled towards the mirror. "You made it all dirty Tom. That's all right, as long as you do clean it up. You are a good little boy now, aren't you?" Voldemort was trying hard to force his head back. His tongue was pulled out, and he tasted his own bitter cum. His anger was flaring at that, and his magic started swirling and with a loud scream he threw Potter out."My lord?""Severus!?" Shite, Voldemort thought."You had an assignment for me?"'I yes, I do" Voldemort was having troubles keeping his thoughts together and had to come up with something for Severus to do. He couldn't let Severus notice any different than before. Blasted! Blasted that damned Potter, and that Dumbledore. They should be taking care of and soon. That's it! "Severus, he spoke out loud. I want you to brew a poison that is not traceable, and easy mixed with juice. It can't be brewed in Hogwarts in case somebody finds out. You will find everything you need in the lab in the cellar.""But my lord, I do need to know what kind of poison. Who do you need it for, and what kind of effect should it have?"Voldemort was seeing doubt inside Severus his eyes. "Are you doubting me, Severus?" Voldemort was balking with a thundering voice."No my lord, I just"Severus was unable to speak more because of a crusiatus curse that was thrown at him.Harry was still looking along with Voldemort, but remained unable to infiltrate like before. He was desperately trying, just to prevent Severus from being punished anymore. This was his fault, and he was damn sure to fix it. As soon as the crusiatus stopped Harry was being able to push aside Voldemort once more and took over.He watched Severus pulling himself back together and waited until there was only a little shivering left. "Severus?""Y Yes my lord?" Severus was slurring. No confidence left in his voice. All Harry wanted to do was to take Severus in his arms and comfort him. He just had to hold himself together. Severus was not ready to know yet "It may have been a bit harsh from my side, but I cannot allow you to doubt me. We must be an united front. Now, as for your assignment.""The poison, my lord?"Oh darn, that stupid Voldemort almost destroyed his own plans. "Yes, about that poison, it will just have to wait. I want you to check up on poor young Malfoy. Make sure he made it well into the bedroom, and that he will sleep properly. When that is taken care of, I want you to ward the room, so that only you can enter, and nobody else. And make sure he won't get out.""Not even?""No Severus, not even me. It will only weaken the wards. Now get going!""Yes, my lord." Severus said, while making a short bow.Severus knocked on the master bedroom door. "Draco? Can I come in?" The door was slammed open and before Severus knew it, his arms were being filled up with Draco. Severus pushed Draco inside the room, and managed to close the door behind him, while dragging Draco in his arms along. Severus directed the two of them towards the sofa and settled themselves down with Draco on his lap. He was stroking Draco's hair with one hand and the other arm was firmly around Draco's back. Soon Draco was calming down and looked up at Severus. Heartbroken. "How could he?" stammered Draco. "I don't have the answers Draco, I wish I had." Severus sighed. "But know this; I will always be there for you, no matter what." Severus gave Draco a kiss on his front head. "Now let's get you to bed. I have orders to seal this room, and the only one who can come in will be me." Severus started to get up and let Draco stand himself on two legs. Draco just looked lost in Severus his eyes. "Will you stay with me tonight Severus? Please?" "Of course, if you wish Draco." Severus grabbed his wand and turned towards the sofa to change it in a bed. "No!" Draco nearly shouted. "Please hold me?" "Alright Draco, but just for tonight, and we shall never speak of it again. You get in the bed, and I will join you swiftly. Let me get changed in the bathroom."When Severus returned he saw Draco lying in bed, covered with the blankets and only his blond hairs poking out from underneath. He walked over to the other side, and pulled Draco's back toward him. They both fell asleep not long after.
