Disclaimer: Harry Potter's not mineA/N:Another view on Bellatrix and Rodophus again...The title can be interpreted in two ways...I haven't forgotten my story ''My Favourite Mistake'', I'm busy working on the new chapter!It's just that when an idea for a story randomly starts to form in my head I NEED to write or it'll drive me crazy!That's why I made this while I'm still working on my other Bella&Rod; story...8888888888''Where have you been, Rodolphus?!'' she asked.This was the third time this week that he'd come home late.Bellatrix Lestrange never thought this would happen to her... Was it even happening or was she just imagining things? Why did she even care?!''I'm tired'' was the only reply she got.Rodolphus got into their bed and turned his back towards his wife, ignoring the fact that she was sitting right next to him.Bellatrix didn't say anything, she just slowly got under the covers.Bellatrix knew that she had been the first one to ruin their marriage...She had started to give her affections to The Dark Lord instead of her husband years ago, but that he could possibly do something similar to her?! She couldn't believe it...It had all started a couple of weeks ago, when she had returned home from one of her 'late night meetings' with The Dark Lord and she noticed Rodolphus wasn't there... He wasn't there waiting for her... He would always wait for her, sitting on the bed and staring at the door...Rodolphus behaviour had changed everything for Bellatrix. It was even starting to affect her 'late night meetings' with The Dark Lord, she would be distracted... Not that The Dark Lord cared, as long as he got his needs fulfilled.The more Bellatrix payed attention to it, the more she realised that he was gone more and more often... She started to spend more time at home, to check on Rodolphus. She would go home right after the Deatheater meetings. The Dark Lord wouldn't even mind that their 'late night meetings' were cancelled, he didn't love her anyway... Most of the time Rodolphus wasn't there. Now, Bellatrix would be waiting... Sitting on the bed and staring at the door, just like Rodolphus used to do...He became the one who didn't come home...Rodolphus had his own 'late night meetings' now... At first he had taken the girl for the things his wife wouldn't give him anymore, but now he had actually started to like this girl! She was completely the opposite of this wife. She was sweet and actually interested in him!Bellatrix used to be like that, at some point in the beginning of their relationship... The Dark Lord had changed her.Infidelity was bad, he knew that but she had been unfaithful first... He knew deep down that that wasn't a real argument , but he hadn't been able to handle it anymore! He needed someone to care for him and this new girl did.Bellatrix had thought about what this woman would look like Young. Blonde. Skinny. Nothing like her...Who did that girl think she was?! Stealing husbands... Rodolphus Lestrange was in a Pureblood marriage, with Bellatrix Lestrange! She needed to get rid of that girl... She needed to win her husband back...It wasn't that she thought that she really cared for her husband, she just didn't like competition... Rodolphus was hers! Nobody steals something from Bellatrix Lestrange!Bellatrix moved closer to Rodolphus and put a hand on his back.''Roddy'' she cooed.''Bellatrix, what are you doing?'' Rodolphus looked over his shoulder.''What do you mean?'' she asked in a sickly sweet voice while rubbing circles on his back.Rodolphus didn't know what to do... What was his wife doing? She was so close to him... She hadn't been close to him in years... He had missed her so much! No! She was messing with his head again!Rodolphus shot up from the bed.''What are you doing?!'' he raised his voice.''Rodolphus...'' Bellatrix slowly and got up from the bed and seductively approached her husband.Bellatrix needed to be more convincing, he wasn't believing any of it...''What are you talking about?'' she tried to sound innocent.She put her hands on his chest and looked up at him.''Stop it!'' Rodolphus pushed her away and stormed out of the bedroom.Bellatrix fell back on the bed.She tried to comprehend what had just happened. Rodolphus had walked away from her... Why?! How?! He normally would happily respond to her attempts of affection for him...What was going on?!The next morning Bellatrix went down for breakfast. Rodolphus was already seated at the table when she entered the room. They didn't greet each other, they didn't say anything... Bellatrix just took her regular seat at the other end of the table, as far away as possible from her husband.As she started to eat her breakfast, she looked up from her plate to Rodolphus. She coughed, trying to get his attention. Bellatrix wanted an explanation for what happened last night, he had never refused her before!She coughed again... No respond... She coughed once more... Nothing...Bellatrix cleared her throat. The sound echoed in the big and silent room. Rodolphus finally looked up. He looked irritated. He stared at her for a couple of seconds before returning his attention to his food.''Where did you sleep last night?'' she decided to start the conversation.''Before or after I got home?'' he didn't even look up from his food.Bellatrix was taken aback by his reply. She hadn't expected this... She'd expected an answer such as 'I slept in one of the guest bedrooms'... She had expected him to try to deny his infidelity ... It did hurt her a little that he didn't even try to...''You're just going to tell me about your infidelity?'' maybe he would deny it now...''Maybe I am... At least I'm honest about it!'' he shot back.He did have a point... Rodolphus remembered how he felt when he was losing his wife to The Dark Lord... It had hurt, seeing how the love of your life chooses for another man... Or whatever kind of creature Lord Voldemort was now...'What makes you think that you can do something like that to me?!'' Bellatrix raised her voice.''What?!'' ''Did you ever think about me?! What it'd be like for me every time that you ignore me and go to The Dark Lord?! You were first to cheat on me!'' Rodolphus shot up from his chair and the chair hit the floor.''It's not about who's first!'' Bellatrix yelled from across the table.''Yes, it is! I pretended not to see it for years and when I finally to decide to move on, you're giving me a hard time!'' ''A person needs affection! You never give it to me!'' he yelled back.''It's not my fault that you walked away last night!'' Bellatrix defended herself.''Ohw spare me! It was fake and we both know it!'' ''You just can't handle the fact that I'm actually trying to break free from you! I've suffered enough...'' Rodolphus walked out of the room.''Where are you going?!'' Bellatrix suddenly felt very alone...''Take care!'' was the last thing she heard before the front door slammed shut.Take care now...8888888888Oops... Take care now...Sure Babe - Whateve Honey - Take CareNot good...
