Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. Enjoy the chapter!It was the most exciting, terrifying day of her life.Rose Dursley was currently hundreds of feet in the air (And still climbing!), around a crowd of thousands of roaring magical people, while Harry held her arm in comfort. She was terrified of heights and yet this place, this magical dream, was well worth her facing those fears for today."Blimey Dad how far up are we!?" Ron said, voicing the one thing that was on everyone's mind, especially Rose's."Well put it this way," A cold voice drawled and Rose looked down to see Lucius Malfoy just below them. "If it rains, you'll be the first to know.""Well don't expect a warning from us if it does." Rose snapped back, not missing a beat, her sapphire eyes flashing in anger. "With your nose so high in the air you'll drown in a second."Lucius turned toward her and a malicious smile spread over his face. She could see his silver eyes fill with desire and lust and it made her inwardly shudder. He was the single most evil, creepy man Rose had ever met in her entire life and she's been all around the world so that was saying something."Ah the young Rose Dursley." He cooly said, narrowing his cold silver eyes on her. "You look lovelier than ever.""I know." She drawled back, flipping her golden blonde hair over her shoulder. "Tell me how can you call yourself a Slytherin Malfoy?""Excuse me?""Well I hear you talk down about the Weasley Clan all the time and I wonder how a Slytherin can say that?" She continued, ignoring the warning squeeze Harry send her. "After all, isn't it one of Slytherin's mottos that 'There's safety in numbers'?""Yes." He carefully replied, a hint of confusion in his voice, his cold eyes still narrowed on her."And what of the Malfoy Clan?" She inquired, checking her nails in a show of nonchalance. "How many members do you have born, not wedded, into the line?"Lucius stood silent finally figuring out where Rose was getting at. She grinned."I thought so. Three, you, your son, and your grandfather. That's all that exists of the great and powerful Malfoy Clan." She mocked as his eyes flashed in anger. "You're pathetic! You don't even have enough for one Quidditch team. And you know what I think Malfoy? You can't have another child and that's why you hate the Weasley Clan so much because they have what you can never have!"Lucius's face hardened in rage. She could hear laughter and cheers from Ron and the twins."How dare you filthy-""You know, I would love to stay here with you and hear more insults to my person." She sarcastically said, rolling her eyes. "But the game's about to start and we have to head to our seats. Enjoy the show and remember to watch for rain."Rose led Harry up the stairs, a satisfied smile on her face.Author's Note: Reviews please!
