Hey everybody this is my first fic and will end up with Hinny soulbonds and all so yeah, uh just BE NICE and read if you please. (Will be no Dumbles bashing)Disclaimer: Not even gonna say. I owe so much to Joanne K. Rowling.Chapter 1, The AwakeningStrange. Nothing makes scense. I don't remember much except James yelling at me to protect our one year old son, Harry. Thats when reality clicked with me, JAMES! "JAMES!" I shout into the darkness."LILY"he shouts back. I open my eyes to see a graveyard in Godric's Hollow. "Lily, do you know where we are?"he asks me, giving me a quizzical look."Yes, we are in the cemetary, I think. But I don't remember coming here wait... Where is Harry...Oh no! My poor little baby where is he is he safe?!" I say the horror of it all hitting me like a thousand bricks. "Lily, if we are going to find out we need to talk to Dumbledore. Just remain calm, please don't panic. come on." James explains calmly."Uhh where are our wands, never mind Accio wand!" I shout, with James. Our wands come soaring toward us."Right then, TO DUMBLEDORE!" shouts James. I laugh at this, the farmilliar feeling of apparation taking over me for a split second then we were outside Honey Dukes walking to Hogwarts School of witchcraft and wizardry.We walked up to the castle grounds and who do I see, but Severus Snape. "Hello Severus, still want to apolagise for that nasty word you used in our third year?" I asked. All he did was gawk and stutter "L-Lily...y-y-y-your supposed to be dead..." Severus stammered. "Dead?" James asked, "Yes dead," Severus said, "For eight years. I wander what your son might think, seeing as he isn't with -" "Wait, he isn't with Sirius?" James asked. "No, for the time being I will bring you to Albus so that he may explain this all to you, I would explain this myself had I not have been heading to the dungeons to prepare the next weeks worth of classes."Severus walked up to the castle, and we fallowed suit. "I expect you know your way to the headmaster's office oh, and the password is Chocolate frogs." Severus said. "Thank you Severus." I said, "Anytime Lily. Oh and Lily, I am sorry." Severus said, "It- we shall talk later Sev." I said with a small smile playing on my lips. Sev raised his eyebrows and put them back down, then smiled. "We shall." he said smiling.James put his arm around my waist. "Talk to you later Severus." He said. We began walking toward the grand staircase and all the portraits gasped. They began talking amongst themselves. "Have I told you that I love you since we woke up," James asked sweetly "No but you aren't so bad yourself." I said back "Oh come now, Love that's not fair." He said I giggled "Ah.. but it is. See you snooze you lose." I said If he keeps walking so fast, I am going to fall. "Oh sorry Lily" James said AS I fell. "It's fine. Just walk slower okay?" I asked as he pulled me to my feet."Okay." We walked up the final set of stairs and opened the door to the room with the Gargoyle "Chocolate Frogs" James said and contemplated. "Go ahead." Said the Gargoyle. He turned and a set of stairs to the study appeared. We walked up the stairs. I knocked on the door. "Enter." Came the wise old wizard's voice.".." Dumbledore opened and closed his mouth as we opened the door. "Something wrong Albus?" I asked. "J-James? L-L-Lily? You're alive!" "So it seems, we were hoping you had an explanation." James said, smiling. "Harry." Albus said plainly. "What about him. Where IS he?" I asked "This was to happen if he was harmed and the effects were to be unchangeable therefor you will never die." The wise old wizard said. "He was harmed, I feared this would happen. I put him with your sister and her husband.-""WHAT?! HE WAS TO GO TO SIRIUS!" I screamed "Lils calm down-""NO I WILL NOT CALM DOWN. MY SISTER WOULD THROW HIM IN A DUMPSTER BEFORE SHE WOULD WILLINGLY TAKE CARE OF HIM- MERLIN'S BALLS WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?!" I screamed at Dumbledore. "Sirius is in Azkaban for killing Peter Petigrew and 13 Muggles." Dumbledore said. "Could you have put him with the Weasleys?" "No, there were blood wards that went with your was untouchable by Death Eaters." "I am going to go see what is up." James said."Goodbye Albus," I said. We walked out of the Headmaster's office and out of Hogwarts. Once we were outside of the wards we apperated to outside of #4 Privet Drive. "Ready?" James asked "Wands out." We walked to the door unlocked it and opened it to see a sight no body should ever have to see.Cliffhanger! Just cuz I am evil. Booo Hoooo go tell your Mummy! HA!
