A/N: This story follows all of canon besides for the epilogue and takes place about seven years after the war. I plan for this story to be about 10-11 chapters.This will be the shortest chapter, and it is really an introduction chapter, not necessarily a prologue, as the next chapter will pick up right where this one leaves off. I hope that you all enjoy. VenomBy Montley"For she's a jolly good fellow! For she's a golly jood fellow! For she's not mellooooow! And aaaalll the rest of the woooords!" Ron and George Weasley slurred as they sloshed bottles of beer in their hands while Hermione laughed along at their antics."You're sweet, Ron," Hermione told him, and kissed his reddened, freckled nose. He released his arm from around George's shoulders and seized Hermione in an embrace. He leaned towards her and pressed a sloppy kiss on her cheek."Much happy birthday, He'Mione," Ron slurred, his eyes focusing back on his drink. She giggled once more before pressing the palm of her hand against Ron's neck, pulling him closer and pressing her lips against his.Their lips parted, and Ron gave her a goofy smile in return. Hermione could tell that every time that they kissed, it was like the first time to him. Ron would always remember the time during the heat of battle when their lips first pressed together. But for her, there was nothing. Yet he never noticed. Why would he? Perhaps this time it was only the taste of the liquor upon his lips affecting her sensibilities.Hermione choked down a sob as her eyes glanced at the shining ring around her finger. He could not know. She still loved him, more than he could possibly know. But it was justdifferent.Ron had even planned this little get together on her behalf. She had originally not wished to do anything at all for her twenty-fifth birthday. It was nothing special to her. She needed to go back to work anyway, as soon as possible. Yet, Ron never took no for an acceptable answer.So, he invited their friends for a get-together. She had not seen most of them like Luna and Neville for a long time, so it was nice. Then, Ron popped the question, and in front of all of their friends, so she could not say no to him. Ginny was elated, and Harry already proclaimed himself the Best Man as Hermione felt as though she was drowning, as though she was witnessing this whole exchange outside of her body.Afterwards they all made their way to the Leaky Cauldron for a celebratory drink, which turned into celebratory drinks."I really have to go, Ron," Hermione told him, pressing another kiss on his freckled cheek."No, no, Her-her-m-mione," he attempted to plead. Ignoring his protests, she stepped away from the bar and wrapped her coat around herself, bunching its warmth upon her shoulders."I'm sorry," Hermione apologized. "Goodbye all! Thank you so much for this outing, but I really have to go. It's imperative.""Hermione! Not again!" Harry complained. "Live a little, it's your birthday for Merlin's sake!""I'm sorry, Harry, really it's been a fantastic time, and I've already been out for more than usual," she told him. He rolled his eyes and stumbled away from the bar, and Hermione noticed that Ron had now passed out upon the bar with drool slinking from his chapped lips.Harry wrapped his arms around her. "Happy birthday, Hermione and congratulations. Ron was so happy, of course you can't really tell now, eh?"He laughed at he gestured towards the drooling Ron. Hermione smirked and kissed Harry's cheek. Harry's glasses were lopsided, and she could smell the fire whiskey lingering on his breath."Thanks, Harry, but I've got to go," she repeated, and she pulled her wand out of her pocket."Don't stay away from us all too long, eh, you've gotta get your head away from work sometimes. I know you're an Unspeakable, and you can't speak to us about it, but seriously, time off wouldn't hurt," he told her, a concerned look laced within his bright, green eyes."I-I know, Harry, love you too," she told him with a shake of her head. "But I seriously have to leave.""Fine, I abdicate my efforts," he relented, his arms in the air. "Happy birthday.""Thank you," she said through gritted teeth before she warped herself through the familiar throes of apparation, appearing before that one familiar telephone booth.Hermione closed her eyes and took in a deep breath. The air surrounding her was frigid. Her birthday was never particularly pleasant weather wise. There was always rain and coldness trickling up her spine. Each year it only grew worse, especially now thatHer hand traced the edge of the phone booth as she entered, a chill running upon the back of her spine knowing what was waiting for her in its bottomless pits. What a fantastic way to end her birthday! The booth began lowering her down into the pitch black darkness. It may be the guest entrance, but she preferred it to the nasty toilets or even Floo powder. It was a way to touch her old Muggle life and mock him. She was laughed at for using this entrance, but she laughed at everyone else in her wake.Her flats reverberated against the hard floor with every step she took when the phone booth finally brought her inside the Ministry. Everyone else had already left these empty, isolated halls. She headed towards the elevator and let it lower herself down into the bowels of the Ministry."Department of Mysteries," the clear feminine voice called out. Hermione quickly departed the elevator, and it shut behind her. With a deep breath, she surged forwards throughout the Department, heading towards that same familiar door. She bumbled around through the familiar twists and turns that she went through every day.Soon, she was in front of the room. She held out her fist in front of her and began to knock twice. The door clicked open and in front of her was her frazzled co-worker."Finally, you're here," Theo Nott said with a roll of his eyes."Sorry I'm late, Theo, my friends held me up at the bar," Hermione explained frivolously."You have friends?" Nott pondered, his eyebrows furrowed."Funny," Hermione drawled, and she gave him a small punch on his arm."Right, it's your birthday, isn't it?" Nott asked, guilty that he had forgotten."Yes, but don't worry about it, Theo, I could care less about my birthday as it is. You can go now, I'll take over," Hermione told him as she pushed her way into the room."See you then, Hermione! Happy birthday!" Nott said as his farewell as he began to leave the department."Wait!" Hermione called out. "Any progress or new information?""No!" Nott called back through the passageways. "He's always too irresolute to talk to me! Everything else is as normal as it can be though!""Thanks!" Hermione waved Nott farewell as she entered the room and shut the door behind her. She stepped inside saw through the reverberating wards cast by herself, Nott and Kingsley. No one could get in or out of the room if they weren't one of them.Hermione waved her wand in front of the wards and stepped inside, feeling the wards undulating around her body and greeting her solemnly. She progressed further inside the so-called Room of Voices with taunting whispers flowing in and out of her perked ears; prolonged exposure in the room can turn a person mad, but their prisoner has not even flinched once. Perhaps it's because he's already mad as one can be.And there he was, seated calmly in a sharp, steel chair, his hands firmly pressed together.The supposed dead, Tom Marvolo Riddle.A/N: I hope that you guys liked this, and I know, cliffhanger huh? I thought that the intro chapter was best off ending here. The next chapter is almost done and will be up soon! Either tonight or tomorrow. it will also be much longer than this. Anyway, please review! Reviews are always an encouragement to keep writing!Love,Montley
