I stood at the top of the Astronomy Tower thinking about all the things that had happened in the last two years. My forth year started off with a bang when my name was drawn out of the Goblet of Fire, which put Hermione and Ron over the edge and they left me. I was alone for months until finally somebody started talking to me... Ginny, the girl that I saved during my second you of Hogwarts and the girl that now has turned into my best friend/ lover. She was the one that helped me calm down about the dragons, the one that I received from the bottom of the Black Lake along with Gabrielle. She talked me through the flashes that I had of Voldemort in my head and we figured out what was going to happen in the third task, but I still had to compete and I didn't want anybody to die so I went to the cup. Cedric died that day along with Voldemort coming back and the fake Moody tried to kill me and Dumbledore was almost to late to save me, that was when I knew that Dumbledore couldn't be trusted.I went back to the Dursleys like a good little boy, wanting to keep them thinking that I was still able to be easily manipulated. I made sure to keep my head in the sand about the fact that Voldemort came back, not wanting to ruin my name in the papers wanting to use that as my advantage. When I got back to the Dursleys the abuse started again only worse, the scars have become larger since I had went back this summer. Finally about two months into the summer I was rescued by the Order, who ignored my scars and took me to Sirius's house where Ginny was there waiting for me. She was the one that saw my pain and helped fix me up and clean my newly forming scars. During this time Ginny started telling me how her family along with Dumbledore were using me and my money and that once Voldemort was killed, they were going to kill me for my money. We knew that together we could do much more then what we could do apart so that is what we did, we already had feelings for each other but now we were going to act on them. The rest of the summer we spent gather all the books that we needed to make our plans, which were easy to get since the Blacks were known for their enjoyment of... darker magic.At the start of my fifth year everything at Hogwarts had changed. The Ministry thought that Dumbledore was wanting to overthrow him -which he probably would have- and send somebody to watch him, and 'teach' Defense Against the Dark Arts. She soon took over Hogwarts which only gave me and Ginny more information to use again the Ministry and also we could easily practice magic that we wouldn't have been able to before since nobody was paying any attention to us. Ginny and I soon got a couple of friends to join us, Luna, Neville, Daphne and Astoria Greengrass. We trained them to know exactly what we needed and never hid anything from them like Dumbledore and Voldemort do with their followers. At the end of the year I got a nightmare that Voldemort had Sirius and I knew that I needed to go there. I got bombarded by the others who wanted to come and I allowed them, even to my better judgment. When we got there and we found out that it was a trap I was furious. Some of the Order soon joined us and that was the time that Sirius died, all because of me. Dumbledore came while I was in the middle of fighting Voldemort who was in my head taunting me but he did nothing. That was when the remainder of my trust disappeared like dust in the wind.Now here I am, standing at the top of the Astronomy Tower thinking about what I was going to do now. I knew that I couldn't go back to the Dursleys, they would only kill me this time around. The Weasleys I couldn't go to because they were to close to Dumbledore and I didn't trust then near me or Ginny."Harry?" I hear somebody asks and I slowly turn my head and see Ginny walking towards me slowly. She came up to me and wrapped me in a tight hug that I quickly returned. "I am so sorry Harry." She mutters into my chest."You have nothing to be sorry for Ginny." I say while turning back to look out the Astronomy Tower, but not letting Ginny go."What are you thinking about?""I was thinking about my last two years but now I am thinking about where we are going this summer." I say and she raises her head off of my chest and looks at me."We?" She asks her eyes going big with surprise."Yes we, I am not leaving you with your family especially since Ron and Hermione are going to be there." I say and she knows what happened the last time that she was alone with Ron and Hermione, they tortured her physically and she didn't want a replay of that and neither do I."We could go to Gringotts" Ginny says and I look at her confused. "you are a Lord Harry you will have money and homes that you don't even know about, nobody besides the people that you want will be able to get into them. We can go there first and see our options before we go anywhere." She says and I look down at her before pulling her close and into a long kiss."You are Brilliant Love." I say drawing back before giving her a shorter kiss on the lips."Come the others want to see us before tomorrow since we are going 'home' then." She says, grabbing my hand and starts leading me towards the Room of Requirement where we always meet. When we reached the Room of Requirement I already saw the others there, siting on the couches that the room provided for us. I sat down on the couch and Ginny sat on my lap, laying her head on my chest as I wrap my arms around her protectively."How are you hanging in there Harry?" Dap asks to start off and I give her a sad smile."I am use to death of loved ones Dap, it is hard but I will be fine soon.""Well you shouldn't be accustom to this Harry." Tori says."But I am and that is how it is always going to be, now stop talking about it." I snap at them and they draw back a little. "Sorry. Now Ginny and I are going to Gringotts tomorrow to see my titles and what properties are left to me. If any Ginny and I are going to move in there and I will send you all permanent portkeys to the house." I say and they all nod. "Now all of you should be safe but if anything happens like your families figuring out that you are on my side then quickly pack your stuff and portkey there, you will have full protection there.""Alright thank you Harry." Dap and Tori say at the same time and Luna and Neville nod while Neille wraps a protective arm around his girlfriend."Good, well it is getting late and we all need our sleep for what is going to come tomorrow." I say and they all nod and Ginny gets off of my lap and we leave the room walking hand in hand."Are we sleeping in the chamber tonight?" Ginny whispers to me."If you want to." I reply but I already know that she wants to so she doesn't have to go back and share a room with Hermione and the rest of the people that hate us. We walked into the girls bathroom and quickly open the entrance before jumping down, we walk through the tunnels into the main chamber where I talk in parseltongue to the statue and the mouth opens and we walk through. The large bedroom and we walk into has a large king sized bed that is decorated in black and dark green, the floors are of a dark wood that is almost black. The rest of the items in the were all made of the same wood that was all fancy and ornate. We both take a shower before changing and climbing into bed together and I pull her close, with her using my chest as a pillow. "I can't wait until I am free of Dumbledore and the Order, so I will be able to live without worry with you.""I love you Harry." Ginny mutters in a half asleep voice."And I love you Ginny." I say and lightly kiss her on the lips before allowing her to fall asleep, leaving me to allow my mind to wonder.
