Yay! Okay, now to clear this up. Story takes place in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. This is a sequel story, so you might want to check out the first one if you haven't already. I'm so excited! The first story is named Draco's Baby Sister. This is the longest story I've ever done. The book is extra long! So Grab a cup of coffee, and sit back as I make Draco's Baby Sister: Part 2.Chapter 1:Normal PovAt the Dursleys home during the summer, Harry, Aunt Petunia, and Uncle Vernon were sitting at the dining room table watching the news. Harry had noticed that Dudley wasn't there, and hadn't been home for quite a few hours."Aunt Petunia," Harry said, and Petunia looked up with a start. "What?" She asked, poking at a piece of grape fruit absently."Where's Dudley?" Harry asked. Uncle Vernon looked up from his paper, and grunted."For your information, he is meeting a friend at the park." He said."Who?" Harry asked. And then, Uncle Vernon seemed to have thought of a problem, for his eyes widened."I've been meaning to talk to you about this," He said, and put the paper down so he could look Harry in the eye."Huh?" Harry asked, confused."Dudley is bringing his friend home for dinner. And she knows you." Vernon shivered."Oh." Harry said, wondering who it was.And also wondering what girl would hang out with Dudley!"Is she mag-?" Harry shut up, for Vernon glared."No she isn't. She said that she met you at the park, and she knows you live here. And she just can't wait to see you again." Vernon muttered."And" Harry said, trying to think of who it was."So when she gets here, I don't want you being abnormal. You will be on your best behavior, do you understand?" Vernon glared at him, and Harry nodded."Who is it?" Harry asked. Aunt Petunia looked up over her glass of orange juice."Dudley said that her name is Juliunna-!""What?!" Harry said, accidentally interrupting Aunt Petunia. She looked up with narrowed, confused eyes."Yes. Juliunna. Juliunna Malfoy. She and Dudley have been talking all summer." She explained, taking a sip of her orange juice again.Harry smiled suddenly, looking back out of the window. Well she did say she was going to visit him sometime during the summer.While Harry was reminiscing about Hogwarts, the doorbell rang. Uncle Vernon got up and set off down the hall. Harry heard talking at the door, and then someone laughing, and Uncle Vernon answering curtly. Then the front door closed, and the sound of ripping paper came from the hall.Aunt Petunia set the teapot down on the table and looked curiously around to see where Uncle Vernon had got too. She didn't have to wait long to find out, after about a minute, he was back. He looked livid."So," Uncle Vernon said. Harry had the impression that Uncle Vernon did not receive very good news from whoever rung that doorbell.Harry dearly wanted to say, 'So what', but he didn't feel that Uncle Vernon's temper should be tested this early in the morning. So he settled for a politely puzzled look.This just arrived." Uncle Vernon said, brandishing a piece of writing paper at Harry. "A letter. About you."Harry's confusion increased. Who would be writing to Uncle Vernon about him? Who did he know who sent letters by the postman?Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, looked down at the letter, and began to read aloud:Dear Mr. and Mrs. Dursley,We have never been introduced, but I am sure you have heard a great deal from Harry about my son Ron.As Harry might have told you, the final of the Quidditch Cup takes place this Monday night, and my husband Arthur has just managed to get prime tickets through his connections at the Department of Magical Games and Sports.I do hope you will allow us to take Harry to the match, as this is really a once in a lifetime opportunity; Britain hasn't hosted the cup for thirty years and tickets are extremely hard to come by. We would of course be glad to have Harry stay for the remainder of the summer holidays, and to see him safely onto the train back to school.It would be best for Harry to end us your answer as quickly as possible in the normal way, because the Muggle Postman has never delivered to our hoarse, and I a not sure he even knows where it is.Hoping to see Harry soon,Yours sincerely,Molly Weasley Ps. I do hope we've put enough stamps on.Uncle Vernon finished reading, put his hand into his pocket, and drew out something else."Look at this." He growled. He held up the envelope in which Mrs. Weasley's letter had come, and Harry had to fight down a laugh. Every bit of it was covered in stamps except for a square inch on the front, which Mrs. Weasley had squeezed the Dursleys address in minute writing."So Can I go?" Harry asked. A slight spasm crossed Uncle Vernon's large purple face. The mustache bristled. Harry thought he knew what was going on behind Uncle Vernon's mustache: A furious battle of two of Uncle Vernon's most fundamental conflicts coming into conflict.Allowing Harry to go would make Harry happy, something Uncle Vernon had struggled against for thirteen years. On the other hand, allowing Harry to disappear to the Weasley's for the rest of the summer would get rid of Harry two weeks earlier than anyone could have hoped, and Uncle Vernon hated having Harry in the house."Well Well all right. You can go to this ruddy, this stupid This World Cup thing. You write and tell these these Weasley's they're to pick you up. I don't have time to go drop you all over the country. And you can spend the rest of the summer there. And you can tell your- Your godfather that you're going. Tell him."Harry smiled wildly. He was going to the Quidditch World Cup with the Weasley's. Oh Yeah!"Oh, look at the time." Aunt Petunia said, and to Harry surprise, she pulled a large box out from under the counter. "Here." She said, putting them into Harry's arms."What?" Harry asked, completely shocked. The Dursleys had never given Harry anything expensive. And it definitely looked expensive, judging by the decorations on the box."The clothes you are to wear when Dudley returns with his friend. There is a pair of shoes in that box too." Aunt Petunia said, patting the box."But I-!""Want to make a very good impression on this girl. Dudley told us that she's rich and I don't want her thinking that we're a bunch of poor snobs." Aunt Petunia said. She looked horrified at the idea of that happening. Harry ever so badly wanted to tell Aunt Petunia that the Dursleys were poor snobs. The worse of their kind, but decided against it. A thought about Jules made Harry stop though."Is it just Jules who's coming over?" He asked. The thought of the Malfoy's coming over for dinner seemed Impossible to say the least. They hated muggles."Oh yes. The girl's parents are both busy. Someone will pick the girl up I suppose." Aunt Petunia shrugged. Harry prayed right then and there that Professor Snape wasn't picking her up. He was Juliunna's godfather after all."Now, go change." Aunt Petunia said, literally pushing him towards the stairs. "They'll be here at seven, and I'm taming that wild bush you call hair! Now hurry." At seven, Harry was standing in the kitchen with his aunt and uncle. The delicious smell of Chicken veal cutlet was wafting from the dinner table. Harry had spent the better part of the day cleaning and helping Aunt Petunia cook. The smell of chicken was torturous and Harry wanted to feast on the large plates of chicken on the table. Aunt Petunia had spent the afternoon trying to decide what to cook."No rubbish." Uncle Vernon glared at Harry when they could all hear Dudley noisily open the door."Okay." Harry whispered back. The door to the kitchen opened, and Dudley came in first."Ooh, chicken." Dudley said merrily, and moments later, Juliunna walked in. She was wearing a fancy red dress made of velvet, and her hair was decorated with bows."Hello Dudley. Are you going to introduce us to your friend?" Aunt Petunia said with the most fake politeness Harry had ever heard."Um yeah," Dudley said, turning away from the delicious food placed upon the table. "Mom, dad, this is Juliunna." Dudley said, and Juliunna moved forward to shake the Dursleys hands."Hello, nice to meet you all. Harry!" Juliunna said, and gave Harry a big hug, much to Aunt Petunia's fury. She felt that Harry was being too loose, but didn't say anything."Nice to see you again." Harry said. He noticed that she was back to normal. For she now was normal height again."Yeah, nice to see you too. I told you that I'd see you again." She said, and turned to look around the kitchen. If Harry were to look closely, he would see Aunt Petunia's lip thin nervously."This kitchen is beautiful! Mrs. Dursley did you make this dinner, because it looks delicious!" Juliunna complimented her. Aunt Petunia breathed a slight sign of relief."Oh yes, I did. And thank you dear. And let's not just stare at the food. Let's have a seat." Aunt Petunia said, and everyone sat down at the table. Harry sat across the table from Jules, and they both shared huge grins before looking back down at their plates."Don't mind if I ask but," Uncle Vernon said, looking at Juliunna curiously. "Where is your family?"Juliunna looked at the expensive watch on her wrist, and then spoke. "Mommy is visiting Aunt Bella right now. Daddy is working, and my brother is at home. He has some friends over." Juliunna breathed, putting her arm back down."Oh," Aunt Petunia said, seeing a conversation starter. "Where do your parents work at?" She asked. Juliunna's grin dimmed a little, and Harry knew at once that she was trying to think of something to say."Daddy is Well he works at the Ministry. He works in the Department of the Board of Education. But he also does many different jobs at once. Not that he really needs to though. Because he inherited a fortune." Juliunna muttered, cutting up her chicken with her fork."Oh, well that's nice." Aunt Petunia said absently."Juliunna, what school do you go too?" Harry asked her with a smirk. Juliunna looked up at him with a playful glare."I'm home schooled. My mother hires a tutor." Juliunna said."So, how did you meet Dudley?" Harry asked a grin on his face."Oh, I met him at the ice cream shop." Juliunna shrugged. Harry desperately wanted to tell Juliunna that he was going to the Quidditch Cup, but he couldn't in front of the Dursleys.""So," Uncle Vernon said. "Any plans for the summer?" He asked, and Juliunna smiled wildly."Oh yes. Me and my family are going to watch this giant sports game. People all over the country are going." Juliunna smiled. Harry knew exactly what she was talking about."Oh, well what sport is it? Maybe we can get tickets." Aunt Petunia said.Juliunna looked up from her plate and put on another smirk."I doubt it. This game would be very hard to get into. But I guess that you muggles would call it flying basketball."
