Prologue"We will not prepare to fight for a war we have not yet foreseen. It is not in our path."I craned my neck to stare over at my father, standing by a man with purple robes and a long silver beard with matching hair that fell down his back. I sat by a warm spring with my hands submerged as I rubbed them together, ridding them of the grime bark had left from climbing the nearby elder trees. As they moved further away, I quickly hopped up and hurried along after them, my curiosity peeked. War? I had only heard miniscule things of it before, many elders quieted such topics around children."I cannot force you to help me, Glandur. I come to you because it is not the first time you have saved man when you did not have to interfere. It is not here yet, there is no need to decide today, but he is gaining power daily. He does not care who he has to cut down for power." The man paused, his hands clasping behind his back as my father turned patiently to him. The man asked, "Has he not come to seek you already?""Albus" My father's deep purple eyes settled on mine and I felt the shame of listening in on his conversation burn my cheeks. I ran to him and hid this shame in his silky grey robes, peeking over at the elder wizard that now smiled down at me. "There is only one sacrifice I can offer you, and I am not sure my heart can bare it." He sighed and looked off into the distance."This is my daughter, Vermilliah." As my father spoke his voice was distant and he stroked my thick wavy brown hair absently. I continued to watch the wizard, who respectfully kept his silence as he waited for my father's decision. I felt my mother's presence nearing, I had always been connected to them and could feel them always. Father said this would fade if I ever left the sanctuary of our forest home."Yes. He has come to look for our village. He could not find us because of his intentions. My wife has not seen our aid to you, and I have lost my own sight. I sacrificed it long ago." His eyes settled back down on me and he smiled. "Always the curious one. Never wanting to be left from knowledge." I shifted my gaze to meet his and moved behind him to hide from the piercing gaze of this stranger. I liked his heart, but we did not get many visitors, for they had to be let in, or you could not find us. It left me unsure. If father did not intend to help him, why has he let him inside?"Glandur!" My mother called as she approached. I smiled at her from behind my father and she smiled back, her soft pink lips popping off of her pale, perfect skin. My mother was beautiful, tall, and graceful. I was told I favored her, but I did not see it, I was far too small to see her in myself."I have found your place my daughter." My ears perked and I grinned at her. My place? So many other Elfish children had known their own from birth, this was good news. When I went to move to her my father had grabbed my shoulder gently and held me to his side, and my smile faltered. He was not joyous at this news?"Anjali" His defeat was clear as my mother stopped beside us and welcomed Albus. I put my hand on his against my shoulder and stayed silent. Was he afraid? Was my future a sad one?"Anjali, as beautiful as ever. I must have aged for the both of us" This must have been a joke, and I only figured it was because we seemed not to age at all in sanctuary. "I was just wondering where you were hiding, I figured you would be the one greeting me, always seeing me coming. It's very hard to surprise you.""Oh Albus I have been weeping all morning, excuse my absence." I reached out with my other hand to take my mothers. Sometimes her visions hurt her, I did not like it. I hoped that I would never see the way she did. "There is good news for you my old friend, we have a light for you. It will aid you in your battle, and I trust you will return it when your struggles end, unharmed"My mother's greyish silver eyes were alight with happiness, and Albus seemed to let out a sigh of some relief. I wondered why him? Why was he so burdened with this conflict that he had to be the one to seek us out? My father was still silent, touching my hair and my shoulder. My mother stroked my fingers affectionately and kneeled before me."Run off now dear one, wash up for dinner. You will be at the ceremony tonight and learn all about these matters" My mother assured me, stroking loose locks of hair behind my ears and releasing me from my father, sending me away. They did not speak again until I was out of earshot.My mother met with me after I had bathed and she braided my wet hair down my back, placing small white flowers around in my hair and taking care to stroke my cheeks and watch my every move. I kept asking what the light was but she would not give in, so I decided to give up. I would learn soon."How did you meet Albus?" I asked slowly, looking at my hair in the mirror above my mother's herb table. She always warned me not to stare into it too long, for I might be lost in my own eyes. I was not sure what it meant, but I wasn't going to try it."A long time ago When he was but a boy." Was all she said, and then she urged me to pull on a white dress that hung down below my knees. She pulled silk ribbons around my waste and tied them beautifully in the back, kissing me on the top of the head when she was done and motioning for me to slip on a white pair of sandals that she also tied straps around my ankles on. On the way down to the ceremony I walked hand in hand with my mother, and when I seen my father, he seemed less tense than he had been. I held my free hand out to him and we walked together as one.The ceremony hall was a large grouping of trees in an unnaturally vast and perfectly oval shape around a long table, where important meetings often took place. When we slipped into the only opening in the trees I seen my great grandfather already sitting at the head of the table, looking sternly out over the commotion of others seeking where they should be. The trees opened at the top to let the sun pour inside, and the table was already glimmering with silver plates and goblets. I had only been here once during an event, and it was my birth so I had never seen it so full of other elves.I noticed the wizard Albus was perched beside my grandfather, making polite conversation with Galen, my father's friend and the community historian. Galen was speaking animatedly with his hands and pointing upward. He must be telling Albus the story of how this place had come to be. I wanted to hurry to listen, but my parents held purposefully onto my hands. It was clear- I was not to leave their sight here.We sat on the opposite side of my great grandfather, named Derek for ruler of the people. It was his birth-right to rule for a thousand years, after which he was to hand his power to his son to rule for his own thousand. But my grandfather had been lost to a darkness that only his own father seems to understand. He has been locked away, and for the duration of his rule my grandfather now grows tired and bored. He was supposed to be freed of his obligation to live over two hundred years ago.I waited patiently for the feast, and when it was set out upon the table and everyone was seated we ate. I indulged on my favorite berries and my parents allowed me to do so, watching me with small smiles. I wondered what my path was with increased curiosity when I was full, almost bouncing in my seat with anticipation. My mother said I would find out here, and I didn't want to wait until after they gave the wizard a gift. I wanted to know now.When everyone was done eating my grandfather stood and everyone quieted."Today we meet because in the face of evil, the Elves of Light will not stand by while innocence is stolen, even in the event it may leave inerasable marks on our souls. We do not do this for glory, or out of obligation, we sacrifice enough to bring peace to a world that is growing with hate." As he paused the whispers began. Are we going to fight? - Who is in danger? "On this day we will give the ultimate sacrifice to protect those in need, and we will place our most sacred light in the hands of this wizard before you."I looked over at the wizard, who looked utterly confused. Most sacred?"Vermilliah, Daughter of Anjali the messenger, and Glandur defender of men, please rise."I stared, open mouthed, at my great grandfather, who watched my expectantly. What had just happened? My mother nudged me to stand. I did not notice the look of complete shock on Albus Dumbledore's face as I looked out over my people. Even if he had wanted to take it back he could not. My mother held out a small bowl and I cupped it in my hands, standing on unsure legs."You will be the light for wizard-kinds darkest times, you will hold hope in the eyes of the unsure, and have a power unknown to their enemy. Drink the potion of Erised great- granddaughter, you leave your home at day break."As I raised the bowl to my lips I was trembling. Was I excited- scared- sad? All of these things? My father had not wanted me to go- my mother seemed sure of my fate. I was caught between both. When the potion was gone one thing was sure- there was no going back now.
