Hello, this is my second Time Travel Fiction, and I'm really excited. I have had this idea in my head for a while, and now I'm putting it into action.Loves. Reviews. And I hope you enjoy my story.Chapter 1:Normal PovSeverus Snape was in a bad mood. He was having a very bad day. Arriving in on the train wasn't that bad. He sat with his best friends Lucius, Bella and Cissy, and the four of them conversed excitedly about their summers and what they had all did. Severus's bad day started when he went to stretch his legs on the train. He was strolling casually along the corridors, when the Marauders had cornered him. He scowled heavily at the thought, reaching up to touch his bruised forehead. That stupid Potter had blasted him into the wall. They were all cowards. He thought angrily, wincing at the pain. Fighting him as a group because they knew They knew they couldn't beat him as one!Oh, and his bad day continued to get worst. Because by the time the train had stopped at Hogwarts, the bleeding in his head didn't stop. Cissy, a mother at heart, threatened him into getting it fixed. So he missed the opening feast because he had to go to the Hospital Wing. Madame Pomfrey didn't believe his story that the boys had attacked him, but was in a bad mood, so she grudgingly healed his forehead. Like most staff members, she believed that James Potter and his crew were the Golden Boys, and that Severus Snape obviously must have picked on those poor boys first.And to make him even angrier, he heard the students walking pass the hall talking. There were so many voices, but he could tell that something exciting had happened at the feast."I can't wait for tomorrow-!""Did you see her? Flames everywhere!-!""Magical Creatures Class is going to rock!"So, Severus sighed, running a hand threw his silky black hair. Obviously a witch had got the job as Care of the Magical Ceatures teacher, and she threw a great 'Welcome to Hogwarts Performance' featuring something with fire. What's next?As if on cue, the door smacked open so loud, the walls shook. Madame Pomfrey was in her office, and he doubted that she could hear it. Bella walked in, followed by Narcissa and Lucius. All three of them had huge, mischievous grins on their face."So, how's it going?" Severus said casually, as if they were talking about the weather."We've got good news. Really, really exciting news. You are going to freak out!" Bella squealed, jumping up and down. She seemed like an overexcited pixie."Oh really, try me. Is this about the Grand Hall thing?" Severus asked."You heard?" Lucius asked, raising an eyebrow."Yeah, but only that their was a new teacher, she's a witch, and she did something with fire. I could hear people out in the hall talking." Severus shrugged."Correct," Narcissa said, with as much excitement as Bellatrix had. "But its way cooler then that. Here we were, sitting in the Grand Hall, watching the last kid get sorted. And then once he sat down, Dumbledore made the whole room quiet down. And once it got quiet, we could all hear this whoosh sound. So we all looked out the window, and there was this giant fire ball in the sky! It was whooshing around the castle, as if looking for a way in-!""And then," Bellatrix continued. "The fire ball crashed into the ground, and there was this HUGE explosion! Fire was all over the grounds! And then this women, she was like an angel! No, a demon of fire Goddess!" Bellatrix said in admiration."Well anyway, this Demon of Fire goddess stepped out of the fire doing this cool move. She was jumping, doing a little dance, and all the fire disappeared! It was amazing! She was holding something in her arms when she stepped out. It was a little car seat, but more portable. She had a baby." Lucius said, slightly more composed then the two girls."Really? Were they okay?" Severus asked, leaning forward."Yeah they were," Bellatrix said, smiling wider. "They got inside, and then she passed her baby to Dumbledore to hold while she did the opening ceremony. Get this; the Ministry has built a new project. They pick eligible people to go back in time to teach at Hogwarts and teach us new and improved knowledge. They only do it every twenty two years." Bellatrix smirked. Severus grinned."So are you saying that this women if from the future!?" He smirked. Narcissa nodded wildly."Yeah, but that's not the only reason we're excited!" She smirked."Oh, well what's the other one?" Severus asked. He raised an eyebrow at the quickly widening grin on the girls face."You know Severus, this new teacher, she's quite the looker." Bellatrix said, hinting at something."Oh really?" He raised a defiant eyebrow at her."Quite the looker?" Lucius said, scoffing. "Quite the looker doesn't even begin to cover it. This girl, no, women! This women has the skin of what seems to be made out of the finest, softest silk. Her eyes look as if they were crafted out of the most delicious chocolate in the world. Her voluminous curves, her beautiful, angel like voice-!""Your getting carried away Lucius." Bella snapped, scowling at him. Severus laughed."And I should be super happy excited about this because why?" Severus said, raising his eyebrow curiously."Well Severus, it just so happens that her name," Lucius smirked. "Is Professor Snape."...Severus didn't say anything. He just stared in shock."I think he's in shock." Lucius said to the girls as they began giggling."You Are one lucky son of a Slytherin Severus." Lucius said, and Severus looked up in shock."Are you saying she's my girlfriend?""No!" Bellatrix shouted. "She's your wife! Geez. If her last name is your name then she's your wife." Bellatrix said, irritated at his lack of relationship knowledge."But How do you know we're even married?" Severus said, not even believing it."I asked her." Lucius said."Yeah, it was pretty funny." Narcissa laughed. "He went up to her table when everyone was eating and asked her if she was single. She flashed her wedding ring in his face and said 'married'. So Lucius asked who and she said Severus." Narcissa said excitedly.Severus's eyes widened. "Dude, are you kidding me?""No we're not kidding! You know Potter and his gang? Well when they heard that, they seemed to have a heart attack! It was hilarious." Narcissa said."You swear your telling the truth? On your life?" Severus asked.Narcissa nodded."Wow." Severus said. "So I have a wife." He said it out loud."And a baby." Lucius said calmly, glancing at his wrist watch. Severus sputtered and turned to him."What? What do you mean baby?""I told you, when she stepped out of the fire she had a baby with her. Severus you should have seen the kid! He must be only sixth months or something, but he's adorable! He looks so much like you its scary." Bellatrix breathed quickly.Severus looked up, thoroughly surprised. "So I have a son?""Well you don't have a donkey." Bella muttered, annoyed again."I want to believe you guys, but I just can't!" Severus said."Well if you don't believe us, why don't you ask her yourself?" Lucius smirked, holding out a piece of paper. It was his schedule, Severus realized."She'll be at dinner tonight, but tomorrow we have Care of Magical Creatures class. We're telling the truth." Lucius said confidently. Severus sighed."Oh, okay. Fine, I believe you guys." Severus sighed."Come on, before Madame Pomfrey comes out." Bellatrix said, and the four of them shuffled quickly out of the door. As they came to a stop in front of the double doors of the library, Severus smiled."Fine. I want to hit the library anyway." Severus said excitedly."Oh, I think Mrs. Snape is in the library." Narcissa thought out loud. Severus stopped."On second thought, I'm feeling a little funny I think I'll go hang out in the common room for the rest of the night." Severus said nervously, stepping back a little."You mean hide out in the common room until you're sure your future wife leaves the library because you're afraid of meeting her? Yeah, that's about right." Lucius smirked. Severus glared at him."I'm not afraid." Severus said."Well then why won't you go talk to-?" Out of the corner of Severus's eye, he saw the library doors open. He was gone in seconds, disappearing into nearby closet."Hmm, hello Professor McGonagall. You just gave Mr. Snape a fright." Lucius smirked."I see. Oh, and do tell Mr. Snape to get out of the broom closet, we keep our chemicals in that closet." Professor McGonagall said sternly, and walked away briskly.Just as Severus was about to come out of the closet, Bellatrix had a funny idea."Hi Mrs. Snape." She waved to know one in particular, and Severus jumped back into the closet. Lucius, Narcissa, and Bella laughed when they watched him tumble into a bunch of brooms and plastic jars. It sounded as if he had fell."Oh yes," Bellatrix said with a smile."I can definitely get used to this."
