IntroductionSet in 1995 Christmas everyone is at Grimmauld Place. That includes Lee, Angelina, Katie, Susan, Neville, Luna and Colin. Neville accidently smashes an ancient time turner. They are all sent 29 years into the future. What will happen? What is their future? What happens when James and Lily and a few others come into the future from 1978 and 1974?Chapter .1.1995"Thanks for inviting us", Neville says to Molly Weasley, Albus Dumbledore and Sirius Black"You deserve it. We are having a big Christmas this year and we wanted the kids to be with their friends on Christmas", Molly says"You do remember that this is a secret Organization", Dumbledore says looking over his half-moon spectaculars"I am joining I am 17", Lee Jordan says"I will join I am also 17", Angelina says"Very well. But you take orders from me", Dumbledore says"Yes sir", they say"Now everyone in the living room I have a few things to let everyone know", Dumbledore says"Kids get down here!" Molly yells"Coming Mum", they sayHarry, Ron, Ginny, Hermione, Fred, and George come down the stairs to find their friends."What are you guys doing here?" Ginny asks"We thought about everything that has happened and you need to spend time with your friends. We know the ones you trusted so we bought them here", Molly says smiling"Thanks", Ron saysEveryone goes into the living room and wait for everyone. Soon everyone was in their including Lee Jorden, Angelina Johnson, Katie Bell, Susan Bones, Neville Longbottom, Luna Lovegood, Colin Creevey, Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Ginny Weasley, Hermione Granger, Fred Weasley, George Weasley, Charlie Weasley, Bill Weasley, Fleur Delacour, Arthur Weasley (Who was in a wheelchair), Molly Weasley, Emmeline Vance, Nymphadora Tonks, Andromeda Tonks, Ted Tonks, Kingsley Shacklebolt, Alastor Moody, Hestia Jones, Hagrid, Severus Snape, Minerva McGonagall, Poppy Pompey, Paloma Sprout, Filius Flitwick, Amelia Bones, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, Dedalus Diggle and Albus Dumbledore."Now that everyone is here I would like to say", Dumbledore starts what there is a flash and 10 people are on the floor of the room.They appear on opposite sides indicating two different groups.First group one with long red-hair, two had messy black hair. But one was greying, The other male had blonde and hair and the woman brown. Second group two red-haired males. All wands were out pointed at the 10. They groan and look up.Sirius and Remus gasp it was James, Lily, Alice and Frank. How was that possible? They were like they were many years ago. Molly saw her brothers who had died long ago."Oh shit", James curses"Your send us forward in time idiot", Lily growls at James"Where are we?" James asks sitting up slowly as to not get shot with a shunner spell"Grimmauld Place Christmas 1995", Remus repliesLily gasps, "We have come 17 years into the future""We have come 1974 so 21 year into the future", Fabien says"How do we get back?" Alice asks"How do we know that is true?" Mad-eye growls"I swear on my name and magic I am Charlus Harold Potter", the older man says magic glows then disappears."I swear on my name and magic I am Dorea Lisa Black", the old woman says magic glows then disappears"I swear on my name and magic I am Frank Neville Longbottom", Frank says magic glows then disappears"I swear on my name and magic I am Alice Emmalee Longbottom", Alice says magic glows then disappears"I swear on my name and magic I am Fabian Fry Prewett", Fabian says magic glows then disappears"I swear on my name and magic I am Gideon Gabe Prewett", Gideon says magic glows the disappears"I swear on my name and magic I am Lily Rose Evans and these are my parents Azure and Sage Evans", Lily says magic glows then disappears"I swear on my name and magic I am James Charlus Potter", James says magic glows then disappears, "Can I show you I still have my magic?""Yes please do", Dumbledore says eyes twinkling"Lumos", James says and light comes out the tip of his wand"It is true you're alive", Sirius says laughing and going to hug him"Padfoot you got old", James says laughing hugging his friend"Thanks a lot James", Sirius says, "Mr Potter""Sirius remember what we talked about when you came to live with us?" Charlus asks"Oh yeh. Hi dad", Sirius says hugging him, "Hey mum""You are all grown up now", Dorea says tears in her eyes"You have come into the future", Dumbledore says"We didn't mean to sir. James found an old time turner in his house", Lily says"That is quite alright my dear. But I have no clue how to get you back to your own time", Dumbledore repliesIn the commotion Neville and the fact he was seeing his parents again with memories he backs up into a glass case and everything in it smashes and everyone turns to look."Sorry", Neville squeaks outThat's when the room begins to spin."Oh no. More time travel", Lily says holding onto James tightly as they continue to spinAlice holds onto Frank tightly. Charlus holds Dorea, Sage holds Azure to him they were old and not cut out for this but what was one last adventure.They spin and drop after about 5 minutes onto the lawn of a big house. They recognise as the Burrow. They all land in a heap in the snow."Well we appear to be at the Burrow. It's night so I don't think no one heard us", Dumbledore says"Uh. Professor the lights just went on", Lee saysThe lights had just gone on at the Burrow and a man come out with his wand lit. There was nowhere to hide they were stuck. They just hoped they lived to go back to their own timeAuthor's Note: What do you think? Please review and i'll update as soon as possible:)
