I just came up with this story idea last friday, while in the middle of class. I hope you enjoy reading it ^_^Let me know if this should be continued or not :)Disclaimer; I do not own Harry Potter :(~~ParseltongueIt started like every other day would, I suppose.My name is Harry Potter, though I suppose you know everything there is to know about me. Everybody seems to think they know absolutely everything that makes up the Boy-Who-Lived. But that's not true. They don't know of the horrible abuse my so called "family" puts me through every summer. They don't know that I'm not really friends with Hermione and Ron. They are only in it for the money Dumbledore give them out of my vault. They don't know that every smile, every laugh is just a guise I put up to hide all the truths. They don't know that I have a pet snake that hides in my robes every day, and sleeps under my covers. They don't know I can do wandless and wordless magic. They don't know anything at all. Most of all, no one knows that the Boy-Who-Lived is gay. But now, you know. Damn I hate that stupid title. This world is stupid, and I wish I could just go to a different time, so I can have a better chance at being me.That's where today comes in to playIt had been three days before the start of my sixth year. Granger and Weasley have been starting to slip on their act, and those who were here; like the teachers, were getting suspicious. I was getting irritated very easily. Basically, I was ready to just leave the place and be done with it. I already plan to leave as soon as seventh year ends, and leave their stupid war for them to finish. Anyways, I woke up to find Zuna gone from my bed. Zuna is my beautiful emerald tree Boa, I came across her in my second year, and she tends to be a little motherly. When I noticed her gone, I started to freak out. Thankfully, after searching our bond, I knew she was nearby and safe. After getting my shower, I went to my (small) wardrobe. There were a few times I had snuck out to muggle London to buy myself better clothes. After a few minutes, I decided on putting tight, black skinny jeans and a nice fitting black long sleeved shirt to put on under my robes. Yes, only seventh years are allowed to wear whatever under their robes, but I can't find myself to care today. It was on my way to breakfast that Zuna returned.~~Zzuna, where had you gone thisss morning? I wasss worried.~~Do not worry, childe, I wasss jussst taking care of ssssomething.~~ If you ssssay ssso.I sat down in the usual spot, Zuna curled around my neck, in a way no one would see her. For once, Hermione and Ron where already there. They usually either walked with me or were talking to Dumbledore. I didn't really care, placing a small amount of food on my plate. Just a helping of eggs, and some orange juice. Once again, instead of forcing me to eat more, Hermione just continued to ignore me and talked to Ron, who also ignored me. Strange, but makes no difference to me. It continued this way, until the morning owls came with the mail. I just ignored them, eating the last bit of my eggs, until an owl dropped a package on my plate. This is the point in time where my day gets more out of whack than usual.I glanced down at the offending package. Who the hell would be sending me anything? Letting my hand hover over it, I silently did a few spells to make sure it was safe. When it came clean, I picked it up and searched for a sender, or a letter. I found neither one. I furrowed my brows, frowning in confusion.~~Don't jussst sssstare at it, open it.I almost jumped at the soft, impatient hissing of Zuna. Sighing, I opened it. Inside was a glass vial big enough to fit inside a single fernotis. A white flower that looks like a mix between a rose and a lily, with fern-like leaves. However, it was half wilted. I frowned as I looked at it. Why would someone send me a half wilted flower?So, that's how I came across the one thing that will change my life forever. For better or worse, I still have yet to find out. I would go through the entire day, but I wouldn't want to bore you of such drabble. You may ask, how could a practically dead flower change my life? Well, let's go and find out, shall we?~~Zuna, thisss flower isss wilting fassster. Why isss that? And why ssshouldnt I jussst throw it away?~~Ssssilly childe. You know not the sssssignificance of thisss flower. Jussst wait, you will find out once the final petal fallsssBy then, the entire flower was more of a brown color that dead flowers take. I had tried to break open the vial, but it hadn't worked. Apparently there was some kind of anti-breaking spell on it. That or it was one tough as hell glass. I sat on my bed grumbling under my breath, staring at the flower that could make or break me.~~Childe, you ssshould pack your ssuitcasssse and ssstick it in your pocket. Take what you will need.~~Why?~~Do not asssk why, you are running out of time.I frowned as she hissed in light laughter as she spoke the sentence.~~Fine, fine, whatever you sssay Zuna.After I had just slipped my suitcase in my pocket and picked up the glass vial, Zuna suddenly wrapped herself back around my torso.~~What are you-?I hadn't managed to finish my sentence at that point, because the final petal on the flower had fallen, and I was enveloped in a pink light. 
