Me: Hello everyone, how are you guys doing? It took some time to have this uploaded but I hope I did pretty goodthis is my first time doing a Bellatrix raises Harry so please be gentle with me.Anyway onward to the storySummary: AU Bellatrix raises Harry. What if Harry was raised by someone that was thought to be loyal to Voldemort? What if the Lestrange's were forced to join into Voldemort's circle? Good Lestrange's, Godfather Severus, Good Malfoy's, Sane Alice and Frank LongbottomBashing: Dumbledore, Molly Weasley, Ron Weasley, and Ginny WeasleyPairings: undecided yetMe: I don't own any of the books or movie of Harry Potter but the OC's that will come soon and the course of Salem AcademyEnjoy the story as I enjoy typing it for you peeps, peace!-Break Line-Bellatrix blinked her eyes, trying to remember before she blacked out. She looked around and noticed she was at the living room in Malfoy Manor. She spotted her husband and brother in law in the room. They too had a confuse look."Bella, why are we at Malfoy Manor?" wondered Rodolphus."II have no ideaI remember that Mother and Father wanted to meet us here for a meeting about something but"Rabastan nodded "Yes I remember that andafter that I remembernothing."Suddenly Bellatrix felt pain on her left arm. She pulled up her sleeve and there on her arm was Dark Mark, the mark for the Dark Lord Voldemort.Bellatrix paled "HowHow did I get the Dark Mark? I remembered telling Mother that I was going to be neutral during the war"Rodolphus walked to his wife then pulled his sleeve and saw the mark, the same for Rabastan. "How dare theyHow are they!" shouted Bellatrix."Bella" Bellatrix turned to her husband "They use the Imperius Curse on us to join with that Dark Lord!"Rabastan frown "I can see thatlet's go find your sister, Narcissa and see what we missed." Bellatrix sighs "Alright"-Few days ago-"Morning, Cissy what's wrong?" wondered Bellatrix.Narcissa Malfoy looked away from what she was reading "It would have seems that Sirius was the Godfather to our young distant cousin Harry.""Ohand what is the problem?" asked Bellatrix as she sat by to her sister side. "Not too long ago I received a letter from no other then Lily Potter" answered Narcissa.Bellatrix smiled a bit, remembering the times her sister would talk about the young Gryffindor and their friend Severus Snape then frowned "How can it be? She was killed along with James when the Dark Lord attacked them."Narcissa handed the letter to her "Read it and see for yourself." Bellatrix took the offer parchment:Dear NarcissaBy the time this letter has reached you it would be too late for me and James.I sent you this letter because I have a feeling that Dumbledore will do something to make Harry live with my horrible sister. In my Will I named you Harry's Godmother while his Godfather is Severus but I know for sure they will just ignore my Will and will go to James' where he named Sirius, your cousin, Harry's Godfather.No matter what please don't let Harry be sent to my sister. If necessary use the Adoption potion to make him your own. I know that Harry is somewhere in the Black family line because of James' Mother, Dorea Potter nee Black and I want Harry to grow up somewhere he would be loved not hated.I wish I could have met your beloved son, Draco. Harry and Draco would have been great friends growing up together but sadly fate has chosen my path.I beg of you watch over my son and any dangers that comes to him.I have sent a similar letter to Severus as well. If he agrees then he would make the Adoption potion for you.I wish you luck my dear friend.Lily Potter nee EvansBellatrix stared at the letter then looked at Narcissa "I didn't know that Aunt Dorea married a Potter."Narcissa nodded "She didI looked it up and found that she was disowned after her placement on Ravenclaw instead of Slytherin and when she said to the family that she would give muggleborns a second chance. It went downhill after she married Charlus Potter."Bellatrix nodded slowly then smiled "Well then let's go get him."Narcissa frown "Easier said than down Bella. No one in the Wizarding world knows where the child is been kept at and I have no idea where Lily's sister, Petunia lives at.""What! But you read the letter that Lily sent that muggle is no fit raising Harry on bit" said Bellatrix angrily."I would agree to her on that." Narcissa and Bellatrix turned to face Severus Snape. "Severuswhen did you get here?" wondered Narcissa.Severus smirked "Must you ask that silly question to me, Cissy." Narcissa blushed "I take it you got your letter then."Severus nodded "I did, it surprise me to know I am Harry's Godfather thoughI take it that your sister has returned to her senses then." Bellatrix blinked a bit "You know?""Everyone knew that you were controlled. No one in his ranks had that much loyalty" answered Severus. "I seeyou couldn't get rid of the curse on your own, could you?" said Bellatrix.Narcissa shook his head "No, he couldn't. Mother and Father combine their magic and use the curse on you, Rodolphus and Rabastan along with a Loyalty potion that the Dark Lord made himself."Bellatrix looked down "I seeSev, do you know where Petunia is living at right now?" Severus nodded "I doyou want to get Harry do you?"Bellatrix nodded "I do, it's not fair for a child to be sent to people that will hate him for just his magic." Severus nodded "Very well. I had a feeling this would happen so I already brewed the potion. All we need is Harry and whoever is going to adopt him." Before Narcissa could answer, Bellatrix shouted "I would!""Bella"Bellatrix shook her head "Dumbledore would come here if he learns Harry is missing and would use that against you and your family to send you to Azkaban."Narcissa sighs "I guess you have a point butBella you have the mark, the moment you are in the open with the child they will arrest you and send you straight to Azkaban."Bellatrix smirked "Now who said about living here in Britain." Narcissa and Severus were giving her a weird look which made Bellatrix laugh."You see, Rodolphus has a squib relative that lives in Salem where is a community for purebloods, halfbloods, muggleborns, squibs and even muggles who respect our magic ways. Rodolphus and I wanted to move their in the beginning before we got curse and forced to follow that mad man" explain Bellatrix."Salem? But that's like the other side of the world Bella, I just got you back and you are going to left me again like that" said Narcissa sadly.Bellatrix shook her head "Not forever Cissy and besides we will invite you over on the holidays and even you Severus."Severus nodded "I see where you are planning Bella. You want to make sure Harry is not manipulated and have proper educationI did hear that Salem Academy has a high leveled Wizarding school."Bellatrix smiled "They do and that is why I am going there. John Wilson is the Muggle Culture Professor there in the school so I can enroll Harry there when he turns 8."Narcissa nodded "Alright then I guess we have a plan then, shall we go get little Harry."-Number 4 Privet Drive, Little Whinging-"Boy shut up will youPet how can I make him be quiet!" shouted Vernon.Petunia looked at her nephew with disgust. It's been few days that the brat moved in with her perfect family but now it's destroyed because of him. "I don't know Vernonjust put him in the cupboard with no bottle again."Vernon nodded and grabbed hold on to Harry roughly and throws him in the cupboard under the stairs. "Hope this will teach you to be quiet freak" said Vernon. Little Harry whimpered softly until he fell asleep on the lumpy bed.Meanwhile, three figures just apparated near the house of number 4. Severus walked to the door while Narcissa and Bellatrix followed.Petunia opened the door but immediately wanting to close the door. Luckily she was not fast enough as Severus placed his foot on the doorway. "It's good to see you too, Tuny but I didn't come here for a lovely reunion. No I came here for young Harry" said Severus."Look I agreed on taking the boy in but I didn't agree to have you freaks coming to my home" snapped Petunia.Bellatrix frown "Now I know why the Dark Lord wanted some muggles to be killedyou do realize you are giving muggles a bad reputation to all pureblood and some halfbloods.""I don't give a damn about your freaky world now left my house!" snapped Petunia. "Not without Harry" said Narcissa.Petunia paled "Y-You can't t-that Headmaster said in the letter that the brat has to be with us no matter and" Bellatrix narrowed her eyes at her "And what?""To-Toleave! Out of my property!" said Petunia while trying to close the door.Bellatrix grab hold of Petunia's hand and forceful pushed her inside and slammed her to a wall. Narcissa and Severus went in and closed the door."Now listen here muggle and you listen well, that boy is a distant cousin of mine and is the last heir to the Potter line. You of being a muggle have no way to educate him to know his estates and properties. I for one came from the Black line, related to the Potters by my Great Aunt Dorea Black that can teach him better than youNow if you tell me where is the boy then this little meeting never happen, understood?" threatened Bellatrix.Petunia was shaking nervously but surely nodded. The moment she was released Petunia quickly went to the cupboard under the stairs and got the boy. She shaved him to Bellatrix without care."T-Take him and leave me and my family alone! Never return!" shouted Petunia.Severus glared at her with disgust "Oh don't you worry about it, but mark my words Petunia you may be safe for now but you will suffer soon enough." Petunia whimpered and back away from them "L-LeaveNOW!"Bellatrix shifted young Harry to a better hold to her left side "Oh we will, shall we?"-Malfoy Manor, Potion Lab-"Now all we need is for you two to add your blood" said Severus. Bellatrix and Rodolphus nodded. Both added their blood to the potion that soon changed color.Severus nodded "It's ready, Narcissa do you have a cup for young Harry to drink this potion?""I thought ahead of you Severus, here you are. Let me get Harry while you do thatLily was right, those boys act like they were twins or something" said Narcissa while murmured the last part. The others laughed at the comment.It didn't take long for Narcissa to get young Harry to the living room where they all agreed to meet. Severus gave the potion to Narcissa as he was not experiences with young children."Harry dear, would you mind drinking this for me?" said Bellatrix softly. Little Harry eyed the cup a bit but slowly he got hold of it and began to drink it. When he finished, he made a face of disgust as a baby can make "Yucky!"The adults laughed at his action then noticed of the change. Harry's hair got wavier while his eyes were combination with green and violet. His face structure was like Rodolphus but with Bellatrix's nose."Aw he got your nose Bella" cooed Narcissa.Bellatrix smiled "He doesRod have you contact your uncle yet?"Rodolphus nodded "Sure have, I just received the airport tickets and passports. We have until Wednesday to catch our flight to New York then there he will meet us and use a portkey to his home at Salem."Bellatrix nodded "Perfect, Narcissa while I go pack can I left Harry with you and Draco?""It's fine by methough I believe Draco would be sad to see his cousin leave" said Narcissa."Don't worry I believe Uncle Jo can invite you guys for a family vacation there at Salem. They have the best camping sites and the beach is the most wonderful site ever" said Rabastan."Well then I guess we will have to discuss this another time thencome Harry dear let's go and see what we can play with your cousin Draco" said Narcissa while holding Harry dearly.-Cardiff Airport, Wales-"Harry say good bye to Aunt Cissy, Uncle Luc and Draco" said Bellatrix. Young Harry was teary "Bye-Bye."Draco was frowning "No bye-bye Harry!""Oh Draco sweetie, you will see him some day, I promise. See you soon sister" said Narcissa sadly. Bellatrix nodded then turned to Severus "The Headmaster does not know yet?"Severus nodded "Not yet, but I believe he will come to me soonplease watch over him for me." Bellatrix nodded then shifted Harry to her right side "Harry say good bye to Uncle Sev."Little Harry looked at the dark man and gave him a small smile "Bye-bye Uncle Sevvie."Severus smiled a bit "Be good child and I will see you soon, be strong and grow happy with your new family.""Bella, Rod it's time to go!" shouted Rabastan as he got his new nephew to his arms "Harry do you want to sit with me during the flight?" Harry laughed as he was being toss playfully to the air.Bellatrix hugged her sister and her nephew as Rodolphus shook hands with Lucius and Severus. Bellatrix ran after her brother in law when she spotted him tossing him like a ball while Rodolphus got their luggage.This was the last time for the Lestrange family to be heard from in Britain or the Wizarding world and form their savior, Harry James Potter.Few days later, Barty Crouch Jr. was arrested by attacking the Longbottoms and was sent to Azkaban for life. Luckily the Longbottoms didn't suffer much and recovered within days.Dumbledore learns about Harry's disappearance after sending a squib to live nearby the Dursley's but the family doesn't live there anymore.-Break Line-I would normal do my talks with the characters but not this time. What would the future would for our young savior? Next chapter will be the Quidditch World Cup and who do you ask will be there? Why none other than our hero visiting with his parents but wait  is that Sirius Black?!Find out until next time (that is if you guys like this story as well)Please leave a review if I should continue or if you like it, I really need to know my peeps and if you spot any mistakes please do tell me so I can go back to it and fix it when I have the chance on doing so until thanBYE ME!
