Me: Hello my Harry Potter readers, I have decided to make a male version of this story as how the female version gotten great views and I had asked if anyone would want to read it as Harry sowhy not. Also while I make this story I will be fixing any mistakes on the female version and changing a bit of the story so if you readers spot any mistakes please tell me where you find it so I fix it on the female versionAnyway that is all said and done, onward to the storySummary: What if Petunia raised Harry as promised as like a son with unexpected help from someone in the wizarding world? What was inside of the trunk that Lily sent to Petunia before she passed away? Good witch Petunia and wizard Dudley, Godfather Severus, Alive Regulus Black, Good Malfoy's, Free Sirius Black, Cured Remus Lupin, Good but misunderstood Salazar Slytherin and one Horcux in Harry's scarBashing: Dumbledore, Molly Weasley, Ron Weasley and Ginny WeasleyPairings: undecided yetMe: I don't own the books or movies of Harry Potterenjoy  NO FLAMES!-Break Line-"Aunt Petunia, I have finished with the garden" said eight year old Harry. Petunia smiled softly at her nephew "Thank you dear, I have your supper on the table. Go on and eat while I finish dinner."Harry nodded as he saw two sandwiches and a soda on the table. He was enjoying his dinner before he heard his cousin coming to the kitchen. "Mom, Dad's car is parking in the drive way!"Harry ran to his aunt with his plate while Dudley cleaned a bit of what Harry left behind. Petunia quickly grabbed a dirty oversize shirt and putting onto Harry as if he was cooking for a hidden cabinet.They heard the door opening "Pet, I'm home! Has the freak finished supper yet?" Petunia came to the front with a fake smiled "Of course dear just how he finished his chores so why don't you clean up for dinner." Vernon smiled "Of course Pet."Petunia watched her 'normal' husband walk upstairs to their room and at the moment the door closed, she sighs in relief. She headed back to the kitchen as she saw Harry and Dudley were just finished setting up the table."That's good enough, Dudley go to the living room and play your game on the couch. Harry go stand by the stove" instructed Petunia quietly. Both boys nodded and did as they were told.Petunia sighs sadly as she never wanted her dear nephew's life to be like this. Eight years ago, she found him on a basket in the bitter cold with a note next to him explaining that her dear sister and husband were killed by a dark wizard while their young son, Harry Potter survived.She grieved of her little sister's death as she was just rebuilding their relationship along with that Snape boy a few years back.Petunia remembered looking down at her only living family member left as her parents had passed away about a month ago from a car crash by a drunken driver. She vowed that day she would take care of him and guide her nephew to be the best wizard like her little sister was.Petunia snapped away from her thoughts when Vernon came in and took his seat. "Freak, give me my food! Don't make me wait all day!" snapped Vernon. "Y-Yes Uncle Vernon" replied Harry as he hurried up to fill in the plates and placed them on the table.-Night-"Get some sleep Harry" said Petunia softly as she leaned over to give him a kiss on the forehead. Harry smiled softly "Night Aunt Petunia."She closed Harry's room which was the cupboard under the stairs. Petunia knows it was wrong but it was the only way for Harry to run and hide from Vernon when he gets drunk on the weekends.Petunia cried silently as she climbed up the stairs to give a good night sleep to Dudley as well.She was about to go to her room when she remembered her sister give her a trunk that would come in handy and for emergencies before going into hiding. She ran up to the attic and looked everywhere for the mysterious trunk until she spots it on the far right corner.Petunia opened it and looked around that could be useful and after about a few minutes, she found something that looked official which had a seal on it.She broke the seal and noticed it was some sort of Willof her sister. She read through it and after she finished, she was beyond shock of what she read. She placed down the Will and look for the book that mention in the Will that would help her communicate the only person that could save her nephew.'Pleaseplease get here soon' thought Petunia as she finished writing her message. She put everything away except for the Will when she heard an all too familiar shout coming downstairs."FREAK, HOW DARE YOU STEAL WATER FROM MY HOUSEHOLD?!"-Hogwarts, Severus' Quarters-Severus Snape was relaxing at his living room after an exhausting day from students that don't listen or read instructions when he heard an all too familiar sound.'What the bloody  it can't be' thought the potion master as he ran towards the only location to where the sound was coming from, his old trunk from school.He opened his room and went straight to the closet to find his old trunk and deep inside was a black book with his initials on the front but this old journal was no ordinary one. During in their fake stunt of fall out friendship in their 5th year, Lily, his best friend made these journals to work like a phone. She got the idea when she overheard Potter and Black having a magical two way mirror.Before Lily went to hiding with Potter, she told him whenever it would make a sound is when her sister, Petunia was in need of trouble because of her abusive husband, Vernon Dursley. He opens the book and search for the entry Petunia wrote:Sev, if you are still there please help me. I thought I could protect him from my husband but after eight year has passed and I can't take it anymoreI can't see him getting hurt and beaten. I had to resort to putting him in the cupboard under the stairs to keep him somewhat safe from Vernon.I gave him chores to keep him busy but Vernon demands chores that meant for older adults. I was able to stop my son to become a massive bully but he still needs to act around by his Father and act cruel to his cousinplease Sev you need to get him out of here before Vernon kills him.PetuniaP.S  there was something in Lily's trunk that you might want to see for yourselfSeverus widens his eyes and quickly some potions with him before grabbing his traveling cloak and ran outside to apparate to Privet Drive.-Privet Drive Number 4-Petunia raced downstairs and saw her son looking down from the stairway. "Dudley" said Petunia softly. Dudley looked up and had tears on his eyes "He's getting him again Mom, make him stop please."Petunia nodded and went to the kitchen. She was her nephew on the floor curled up while Vernon was beating him with a belt as always."Your blasted freak, how dare you steal water from us after we took you in after our good nature, you filth" shouted Vernon. "I-I'm s-sorry U-Uncle Vernonp-please s-stop" begged Harry."You will not take what is yours, you freak" said Vernon as he was starting to kick Harry at the stomach and legs. "P-Please Uncle V-VernonI-I'll be g-good" sobbed Harry.Petunia couldn't take it anymore "VernonTHAT'S ENOUGH! STOP HURTIN MY NEPHEW THIS INTSTANT!" She grabbed hold to a vase and smashed it onto Vernon's head.As Vernon dropped to the ground, Petunia and Dudley ran towards Harry to help him. "Mom Harry is hurt more than last time, is he going to be alright?" wondered Dudley."I believe sogo to the cabinet where I keep the towels and the first aid kit for Harry, dear?" asked Petunia softly. Dudley nodded and to grab the things that would help his small cousin get better.He returned only to see his father standing right towards them with a furious expression. "Why are you helping the freak Petunia?!" snapped Vernon.Before Petunia could move, Dudley moved in front of his mother and cousin/brother. "No! Don't hurt Harry anymore Dad and he is not a freak!" shouted Dudley.Vernon was shock for a moment but quickly turned to angry "You freak! Look what you did to my family! You are going to regret-"Petunia widens her eyes as she saw her husband being thrown across the room. I was shocking as it was not Harry's doing but her son. "MomI did magicjust like Harry" said Dudley in disbelieve.Petunia smiled happily as her nephew would not be going alone to Hogwarts but their short happiness was cut short when Vernon returned back to the kitchen with hisshotgun."I have enough of this! The freak is leaving tonight! I'll shot him into pieces for making my son a freak as well!" shouted Vernon angrily.Petunia tightens her hold onto Harry while Dudley was still standing in front of them. Just before Vernon could take another step, the door was blasted opened out of nowhere and came in was none other Severus Snape.Vernon turned to the potion master "You! You're one of them! How-""Stupefy" said Severus lazily at the whale of a muggle. "Oh thank goodness you are here" said Petunia. Severus nodded and looked down to see Lily's son injured."Petunia would you mind taking to young Mr. Potter to the living room so I can heal him a bit while you go and pack upI believe you are not staying here anymore" said Severus."NoI should have dump Vernon a long time ago but m-my parentsthey believed he was the perfect man for me so I followed their advice" said Petunia sadly as she carried her nephew to the couch."I seewhat was inside of Lily's trunk?" wondered Severus as he casted a diagnosis scan to Harry. Petunia took out the unsealed paper and handed over to Severus."I am not sure if your world knew about this as this one a copy of Lily's Will" said Petunia. Severus widen his eyes "The Ministry have been trying to find the Potter's Will for over the past four years knowLily was one step ahead once again.Petunia smiled softly "She wasI have to pack my things along with Dudley and Harry's but it will take a while"Severus nodded as he understood why "Lippy!" A small creature popped out of nowhere with a black clothes that had the Prince crest on it "Did Master Severus called Lippy?"Severus nodded "I need you to help his young woman to pack her belongings along with her son's and nephew." Lippy nodded happily "Of course Master Severus, which way Madam?"Petunia blinked a bit but shook it off "Upstairs, my son will need more of the help as my nephew's clothes are in his room." The house elf nodded while Severus gave her a strange look."Iwill explain everythingif Harry wakes up while you are healing himbe warn that I could never had the time to explain to him about magic or the wizarding world" said Petunia.Severus sighs "Very well, go before the wards notify the Headmaster." Petunia nodded and walked upstairs with her son and the small house elf following her.Severus sighs heavily and started give the necessary potions for Lily's son to be healed up properly. When he was finished, all of the bruises, cuts, welts and broken bones were healing nicely.While he waited for Petunia to finished, it gave him time to read the missing Will of his best friend and crush:The last Statement and Will of one Lily Rose Potter nee EvansIf you are reading this then that means James and I are dead and that traitor Rat, Peter betrayed us to Lord Voldemort. I warn James not to switch secret keepers but he said that Peter will never hurt us and would keep us save from harm while everyone in the Order will believe that Sirius is the secret keeperPlease whoever is reading this, you must know that Peter Pettigrew was the secret keeper not Sirius Blackif Sirius is locked up than release him as he never betrayed us!To Remus Lupin my collection of books from my vault and 100,000 gallons for you to pay something nice and make sure Black is careful with my little Harry.To Sirius Black  you better have matured if not I will haunt you for the rest of your life if you dare to only teach my son just pranks and being anti-Slytherin!To Petunia Dursley nee Evans I sent you a trunk with my things, treasures we cherished when we were younger and potions for you if you need it and in case your son gets ill. I hope you in time you dump that whale of a husband of yours when our parents die and find someone else that will love you no matter what.Lastly Severus SnapeI want you to be there in my son's life my dear friend and help him to be the best no like how Black will guide her properly  sorry Sirius but you are more of a fun Uncle rather than a Father figure soWe, Lily Rose Potter nee Evans and James Charles Potter give the name of Godfather to Severus Tobias Snape to your son Harry James Potter. If for some reason he can't than please place Harry to Narcissa Malfoy nee Black, his Godmother who is cousin to my husband side of the family.Do not place my son with my sister if she is still married to Vernon Jonathan Dursley who is the most uncaring person I have every meet in my life and sadden that my sister was forced to marry him from your parents.My final request, please do a Heritance Test Potion to my son, Harry as I have a feeling that my family was never a muggle to begin with.Severus stood there in shockhimthe Godfather to the Boy-Who-Lived, Harry Potter not Black and speaking about the mutt, he was never the secret keeper to begin with but that cowardly Peter Pettigrew. Suddenly he heard Harry as he was walking up."Aunt Petunia?" said Harry softly as he was getting up. Severus went to him and gently got hold of him "Easy childdon't move as you are still recovering from your injuries."Harry widens his eyes "W-Who are you? Where are my Aunt and cousin?"Severus smiled softly "Your Aunt and cousin are fine, they are just packing their belongings along with yours as you three will not be returning here anymore child. I'm Severus Snape; I was friends with your Mother and little bit to your Aunt when we were younger.""Y-You know my Mommy? Do you really mean that we are not coming back? I hate seeing my Aunt sad the entire time sir" wondered Harry with hope."No we are not coming back child and your Mother was the most caring person I have ever met in my life" replied Severus. "There is moreit would seems that your Mother named me your Godfather before she passed awayif I have known I would have taken care of you."Harry sniffed a bit to finally have someone care for him not just his aunt and buried his head onto Severus' shoulder. Severus patted Harry's head a bit before placing him onto his lap "Um there now little onebetter now?"Harry nodded "Yes Papa." Severus gave him a look "Papa? I would imagine you would be calling me Uncle instead  don't get me wrong I dreamed of being called something like that.""Becausemy Daddy was Daddy and Uncle will remind me of Uncle Vernon soI thought that maybe Papa will be ok becausea Godfather is like another DaddyI think" explain Harry softly. Severus chuckled "For an 8 year old, you sure have some mind there child."Harry smiled from the comment than turned to see her aunt, cousin and a strange creature coming down with three trucks that were floating and following them. Harry widen his eyes "H-HowAunt Petunia?"Petunia ran to her nephew "Don't worry dearI will explain everything but first we need to leave from this place." Harry nodded while Severus pointed his wand to shrink the trunks into his robes."Let's head to the Leaky Cauldron first so I can explain everything the best I can to Harry about the Wizarding world" said Severus as he got up from the couch while still holding onto Harry."I believeyou need to explain it to my son as wellhe did accidental magic by throwing Vernon away from us" said Petunia softly. Severus widens his eyes "Your sonYour son is a wizard? Now that is something...best be off before Dumbledore finds out."Harry looked down to his cousin "I-Is magic r-really real, Dudley?"Dudley nodded "Yup, Dad was wrong about it. Nothing in the world has to be normal; everyone is different which makes them special, wicked right?""Oh" said Harry as he placed his head to Severus' shoulder.-Diagon Alley, Gringotts Wizarding Bank-"Welcome to Diagon Alley" said Severus as he opened the entrance. "W-Wicked" said Dudley while Harry nodded as entered the wizarding world for the first time."Now I see why Lily was so happy to come back to this place, she would always tell me to come over and shop but I feltout of place if I came here" stated Petunia as she followed Severus to a while building.Severus nodded "I can see whynow children when we go inside to the white building, you have to be silent unless you are spoken to and stay close to us, don't wander off understood?"Harry nodded not wanting to disappoint his Godfather while Dudley as first didn't want to agree until he saw his mother give him one of her rare looks."Good, let's go."Once inside, Dudley and Harry were dumbfounded of what they saw. Dudley pointed to the weird creature "Mum what are those things?""That is a goblin sweetie now please it's rude to pointremember what Uncle Sev said" stated Petunia. Dudley nodded "Yes Mum."Harry was with Severus while Dudley was with his mother as they walked to the front. The goblin looked up with a sneer "May I help you?""Yes we came to resolve this missing Will and request from the late Lady Lily Rose Potter nee Evans" explain Severus with his own sneer. The goblin took the Will with widen eyes "But of courseGRIPHOOK!""Yes?""Take them to room 5 and informed Nagnok!""Of course, follow me please."Severus and Petunia followed the small goblin to the room and waited until another came inside."It's a pleasure to meet you Professor Snape and Mrs. Dursley nee Evans, I am Nagnok I take care of the Potter Vaults for more than a few centuries. I have looked at the Will and was surprised to find it that was not sorted out years ago."Severus shook his head "You didn't know as was I or Petunia."Nagnok nodded his head "Very well, we will sent the request to Remus Lupin in at another time but for now least carry out what we can do for now.""Yes my sister wants Harry to take this Heritance Test Potion" stated Petunia. Nagnok nodded his head "It shall be doneMr. Potter if you would mind letting us pick your finger for a little blood so we can activate the potion?"Harry nervously looked at Severus than to his aunt who both gave him a nod. "O-Oh ok" replied Harry softly.Nagnok told Griphook to fetch the necessary potion and supplies then turned to Severus with a serious look "And what of Sirius Black? He was accused of a crime he didn't commit."Severus sighs "I will deal with it personally but please do notify Madam Bones of this matter so we can meet her afterwards.""Very wellMr. Potter if you please" said Nagnok as Griphook returned. After a few minutes of waiting, the parchment was filled up with the family tree to one Harry Potter.Harry James PotterParents:Lord James Charles Gryffindor-Potter and Lady Lily Rose Potter nee Slytherin-EvansGrandparents:Charles William Gryffindor-Potter and Lady Dorea Cassie Potter nee BlackHarold Salvador Slytherin-Evans and Rose Marie Slytherin-Evans nee PatelAncestors:Lord Salazar Harold Slytherin and Lady Helga Rosie Slytherin nee HufflepuffLord Godric William Gryffindor and Lady Rowena Marie Gryffindor nee RavenclawLord MerlinRelatives:Lady Petunia Marie Dursley nee Slytherin-Evans and Vernon Jonathan DursleyDudley Vernon DursleyLady Narcissa Dorea Malfoy nee Black and Lord Lucius Abraxas MalfoyDraco Lucius MalfoyLady Bellatrix Cassiopeia Lestrange nee Black and Lord Rodolphus Samuel LestrangeSirius Orion BlackRegulus Arcturus BlackAndromeda Eli Tonks nee Black and Ted Johnson TonksNymphadora Andy Tonks Heir to the Noble and Ancient house of Merlin, Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Slytherin, Ravenclaw, Potter and BlackEveryone in the room was speechless. "H-How can this beSev, what does this mean?" asked Petunia."It means that you can kick Dumbledore out from Hogwartsit's too bad that you were born as a squib Petunia" stated Severus. Petunia was about to ask something when Nagnok interrupted."What do you mean Professor? Mrs. Dursley does have her magicwell sealed but she has it in her" said Nagnok with no sneer. Petunia widens her eyes "I-I have m-magic?""You didn't know?" asked the goblin in shock. Petunia shook her head."Well it looks like we must remove the seal and see who blocked your magicalso I see that no one has healed that curse scar on poor Mr. Potter properly" stated Nagnok."No we have not yet, I was going to look some information to remove it but it seems as though you have a better way" said Severus.Nagnok chuckled "Most wizards seemed to have forgotten that we goblins have magic far beyond then theirs, which is why the founders gave us the respect we deserve. They saw what we can do in a blink of an eye."Severus nodded his head "Very well, when you will be able to do so?" Nagnok thought for a moment then smiled at them "If you likewe can do it now."-Prince Manor, 11:00 pm-Severus collapse to his favorite armchair at his study room as he just put Harry to bed and asked his house elf Lippy, to show Petunia where she and her son was going to sleep for the time being.He just found out that his dear beloved Lily, her sister and along with their children were descendants to Salazar Slytherin, Helga Hufflepuff, Godric Gryffindor, Rowena Ravenclaw, and Merlin.After the ritual, Petunia released powerful accidentally magic to the walls of the room. She had to be given a few calming draughts and a small block to her magic so it can slowly be release like an eleven year old child would.The checked on Dudley and found out that he too had a block but was able to break it to save his cousin and mother from Vernon.Afterwards it was Harry's turn to see if the curse scar could be healed. It was a small ritual where Harry had to stand in the middle of some ancient goblin runes while Nagnok and another goblin chanted the spell in their language.The spell was a simple but yet powerful cleansing magic to remove unwanted light magic or dark. The runes would help the person in the circle by giving them strengthening magic if the curse or any unwanted magic in the person causes them pain.When it was finished, a black mist came out of Harry's scar and gave a nasty screech but soon fades away. Whatever it was, the scar slowly disappeared until it faded away.Severus and Petunia thank the goblins for their services but when they were about to leave little Harry wanted to ask the funny looking man something. "C-Can you make my last name like my Papa?"After a few minutes later, Severus was holding his adoptive son, Harry James Potter-Snape while Petunia went back to her maiden name Evans as to Dudley after learning she could immediately divorce her no good husband if he was he was not suited to be a parent or guardian.Though Petunia worries if Dumbledore finds out but Nagnok just smirked and told her not to worry about it.As promised Nagnok sent a letter with a copy of the Will of Lily Potter nee Evans to Madam Bones and in the morning Severus will be notified to meet her later in evening the next day to save an innocent man from prison.Severus looked out of the window and smiled "You give great surprise Lily even after deathjust hope little Harry does not do the same to me beyond who he is related to already."-Break Line-Harry: about time you made this versionDraco: I hope am not a girl in this oneDaphne: oh please Draco, who would want you to be girl and Harry's soul mate in this storyline?Dudley: let the readers decided, what you think Egypt?Me: ummDraco: 'pales' no don't you dare think about it Egypt!Me: 'smiles evilly' everyone who would want Harry to be paired up with Female Draco or Daphne? Your chooseDraco: ah come on!Me: oh and give me a female name please and also what house do you want Harry to be inSlytherin or Ravenclaw?Draco: thanks Dudley, thanksDudley: 'smiled' you are very welcome heheMe: anyway I will be updating this story if you readers like it or not so please review until next timeAll: bye us!
