It's over. The War. The death. The hurt. Everything. What has Harry got to live for now? Only one thing. A girl. But which one? A/N: This is Huna, an idea that kind of just came to me. Okay, this is the first fanfic that I have posted online so PLEASE be nice. I have written before, but never fanfiction. So, R&R;! Will update!Chapter 1: We're freeHarry leans back against the wall, sighing. Around him, the world lies in wrack and ruin: smashed statues, battered walls, and lifeless bodies. Bodies. So many dead. But it doesn't hurt anymore. Harry just feels numb. He doesn't feel anything anymore.He watches with half closed eyes the destruction around him. He can see, tears, red faced students and grieving families. The red headed Weasleys sob over their dead son, and hold his lifeless hand. Lifeless.If Harry was strong enough, he would wish himself dead. But he can't. He's too weak. Everywhere he looks, everything he can see is dead. Everything.A creamy skinned, brown eyed beauty sidles up next to him. Her ginger hair bouncing beautifully around her heart shaped face. There are red blotches surrounding her eyes, tears trickling down her face. Her ears are red. The Weasley gene. She doesn't say anything, and Harry is glad of the silence. He feels so empty that he doesn't want to speak.But then she opens her mouth, and he expects the worst."I don't blame you," she says softly, but to him the sound of her voice grates on his brain. "It's not your fault. Not totally."She doesn't look at him."And he's dead and gone, isn't he Harry? You-Know-Who is dead and gone."Harry eyes her with concealed anger. How dare she?"Yes," he replies emptily. "He's gone.""Good," she whispers and gives him a watery smile. "But, I think that we should give this a break. Our relationship, I mean. It's not right when the world is recovering from the darkness, is it?"It's the first thing he's felt for hours. A stone in the stomach, and he almost doubles over in shock. He's just defeated Lord Voldemort for God's sake and she is dumping him? He stares at her."You're dumping me?" he manages, choking on his words."What?! No," she hurries, panicked. "I just am suggesting that we give this a break. With all the death. And stuff.""So what? I'm a cast off now?"She pulls him into a cautious hug, and it takes all of Harry's willpower not to push her away."You're never a cast off Harry. Let's just be friends, for a while."It cuts him like Sectumsempra.He looks up to confront her, but she's scurried off. He sighs. It's over.Then, another girl approaches him. It's Hermione. Her face is red, but there's a large smile playing on her lips.She doesn't bother to keep quiet."We won, Harry! We won," she screeches, and hugs him like teddy bear. She has a horribly huge smile plastered on her face. He wonders why.She holds his hand for a little too long, and he pulls away from her.She begins to talk again."And it was all you Harry," she gushes. "All you. You saved us all."There is a pause."Not all," he croaks, tears filling his eyes.She bursts into tears, dramatic and beautiful."Oh, Harry! I know how you feel," she wails. She doesn't. "But you tried your best! You really did...and the Lord Voldemort is dead! You are amazing Harry."He isn't flattered, but smiles anyway."Thanks, Mione."She beams at him and walks away."I'll leave you alone," she calls from behind her, waving with impeccable charm. She's gone.Harry smiles. Finally. Peace."Harry!"Wafting over to her, face pale, black hair swaying like the wind, came Cho.Harry is fed up now."Go, Cho," he mumbled.She sits down next to him."You're wonderful, Harry," she whispers, tapping his hand, and winking knowingly. "That Weasley Girl doesn't know what she's missing."This statement hovers in the air."No," he replied, dully. "No, Cho. I don't see why you need to interfere. Leave me alone. Go, Cho, just go."Cho stood up suddenly, fire blazing in her eyes."Fine, Harry! I'll leave you to wallow in misery!"Cho wafted off, leaving a faint aroma or oriental flowers in her wake. But Harry didn't notice.Distant from him, watching with silver eyes like orbs, stands the dirty blonde, smiling serenely as she leans over a casualty to bind up their wound."Aaah," she whispers sweetly to herself. "Silly girls. They don't understand."There was a pause, she looks around herself in obvious confusion."The Nargles have got my bandages!"And Harry, far away from her, sinks down into dark deep blackness once more, dreaming of a place where death is not possible, and he can be normal...
