My first 2nd Generation fic. Hope you like it!Disclaimer - I don't own HP. The Slytherin Common room was silent. Multiple people were strewn across couches, chairs, the floor and a few even rested on tables. The standard aftermath of any wild party. This particular party had been a huge 'welcome back' bash for second years and above. Light breathing and a few snores were the only sounds in the room. Everyone slept peacefully, small smiles on their faces and it was rather ple-BAM!"Where is he!" A single girl awoke to witness James Potter in all his angry glory. He was yelling repeatedly, hair more wild than normal and his arm waving his wand around in random, crazy motions. The girl moaned and put a hand to her head. She stood slowly and shushed the loud boy. He stopped his crazy wand waving and screeching for a moment. His mouth opened to start yelling again. The girl sighed and moved quickly over to him."Bloody hell, would ya' pipe down?" She half-whispered at him, her hand holding her head."I need to fi-" James' voice was still much too loud and people were tossing about in their sleep."Shush. Merlin, are you trying to wake everyone up? If you do I won't stop any of them from murdering you. I'll even supply them with pitchforks and torches." James' angry face was no more, a smile twitched at his lips instead. He was always a sucker for a good joke. The girl seemed rather disgruntled to have been awoken so abruptly. Her dark brown curls were mussed and her hand was firmly holding her head."Alright, Sorry. As I was say-" She cut him off again, not for his loudness this time. Her eyes had fallen upon his red and gold striped scarf, hanging loosely around his neck."You're a Gryffindor." James sighed and pushed a hand through his hair. He had things to do and people he was searching for. He didn't have time to spare."Yeah, I am." The girl grinned and nodded."No wonder I didn't see you at the party last night!" Slytherins and Gryffindors were notorious for their on going house dispute. Slytherin had disputes with most of the houses, but Gryffindor was their main target for competition. A few Ravenclaws and Hufflepuff had even been invited to the party."Yeah anyw-" James was quick to start again, but was interrupted almost immediately. The girl had started snapping her fingers."I know you, James Potter right?" James nodded in annoyance. He just wanted to get one bloody sentence out and this girl wouldn't let him. Merlin's sake!"Yes. Now as I was saying I'm looking for my brother. He came to the party last night and-""Really, how'd he get in?" She looked at him entirely intrigued."He's friends with Malfoy. Have you seen Al?" Her eyes squinted in thought and she rubbed her head."What's he look like?" James felt like groaning and kicking something, but thought that might not be the best of ideas. He really didn't want to wake any of the other Slytherins, he liked keeping himself completely intact."Like me, but not as handsome or tall and he's got green eyes." The girl stared at him blankly. "He looks like Harry Potter!" James' voice rose in frustration causing the girl to wince."He was with Scorpius Malfoy? What year are they, third?""Forth." James watched the girl think for a couple of seconds."Oh yeah. I remember now. I saw Albus with-" She muttered a few names under her breath before her eyes lit up and her fingers snapped once more. "Mindie. Mindie Burke, from Ravenclaw. They left together!""Would they have gone to the Ravenclaw dormitories?" She snorted loudly."No way. Boys can't go up to the girls' dormitories. The girls' usually go back to the boys'." James frowned in frustration."I already checked his dormitory, his bed was empty.""Well, then there is only one place they could be." James eyes lit up, perhaps this girl would actually be helpful. How often were Slytherins helpful? James scoffed, never. Slytherins were never helpful."Where?" He awaited the answer with excitement."Surely you know where one night stands go?" The girl smirked. James shook his head slowly. "James Potter doesn't know about one night stands, imagine that.""That's not what I said!" James huffed defensively. "I always bring the girl back to my room." He defended himself with a scowl on his face. The girl remained unperturbed."What about your roommates?""There are curtains around the bed." James shrugged. The girl's nose wrinkled in absolute disgust."There are only three places a girl will bring a guy for a one night stand. First the Room of Requirements-""Okay then." James began to stride from the green and silver Common Room. The girl chased after him and grabbed ahold of his arm, she yanked him back a step. She pulled with strength that surprised James and caused him to fall a step back."They aren't there. Few people know where it is and the room fills first because you can have a huge bed." James sighed."Where then?""The second place is the Astronomy tower, rather cold and uncomfortable if you ask me. Though I heard they have blanke-" This time James cut her off."Third place?""Broom closet." The girl shrugged at the simple answer. James groaned loudly and found the urge to stamp one of his feet."There are fifty broom closets in this wing of the castle alone! It'll take hours to search them all." She rolled her eyes at his dramatics and grinned."Lucky for you, I happen to know that Mindie is the Astronomy tower slag." James sighed in relief, glad to get an almost straight answer, he thanked the only slightly helpful Slytherin girl. After all no Slytherin is fully helpful and she had just proved that. He heard footsteps behind him and glanced back to see her following him. She swung her arms back and forth slightly, a purse in her arm swinging into her leg with a clatter."Where do you think you're going?" James inquired with a glare her way. She stepped beside him and answered."I'm not gonna miss Mindie and Albus' faces when you wake them!" James walked faster the girl keeping up with him. Her hand would rub her forehead every so often. He glanced over to asses her. Her hair was dark brown and curly, it was tossed around in a hazard mess, much like James' own hair. Her skin was tanned and she stood tall. Not as tall as James, but fairly close. She wore a tight black dress that looked brilliant on her. She also wore silver flats and carried a silver bag.He watched her thin fingers reach into her small clutch and pull a vial of black liquid out. She downed it quickly, pursing her very pink lips in disgust."What's that?" James couldn't help but ask."Hangover Drought. Dead useful." James nodded and caught a smile growing on his lips. He was familiar himself with the horrid taste, but wonderful and immediate effects of Hangover Drought."You carry Hangover Drought with you?" James found the idea funny, always carrying a potion around. It felt overly prepared to him. The girl shook her head at his words though."Only when I go to a party." She winked at James.The two walked quickly down the halls. James wanted to get to Al before he woke up and had the chance to move. Not many people passed them in the hallways. It was seven on a Saturday morning after the first week of school and most people were still sleeping and the fair few awake were in the Great Hall dishing themselves breakfast. The two sixth year students were fairly silent the whole way up to the Astronomy Tower, something James was grateful for, but surprised by. The girl had been so chatty earlier. She skipped beside him now, James sent her a questioning look, but it was ignored. James noted that she was only a small bit more hyper than she'd been before drinking her hangover drought."How were you so chipper when hung over?" The girl shrugged her response."I've been told that I'm chipper all the time."The pair took the last turn in the stairs leading to their destination. They were finally at the top of the astronomy tower. In front of them lay two students covered with a blanket. The girl's head rested on the boy's chest and they slept peacefully. A pile of clothes was strewn in the corner."Oi Al, Wake up!" James bellowed in his brother's ear. Al sat straight up causing Mindie to rise as well, the blanket clutched tightly over her chest. Al glanced at James in bleary eyed confusion."I need the map." James said it simply and expectantly. A scowl fell on Al's face."Al what's going on?" Mindie was stunned. "Margaret what are you doing here?" The girl grinned and stared at James waiting and not bothering to answer Mindie's question."Up Al." James went to pull Al up, but both him and Mindie clutched at the blanket tighter. Mindie stared wide eyed at James, horrified."Give 'em some privacy to get dressed, then yell at your brother." The girl grabbed James arm and towed him down to the first curve in the staircase. They stood and waited. Mindie passed by in a hurry, mostly dressed with a curt 'Goodbye' in their direction. Moments later Al stamped down the stairs to James."I need the map." James repeated himself from earlier. Al scowled."You interrupted for the map? Honestly, you have the worst timing ever. I was sleeping and plus you already have the cloak so-" James interrupted Al swiftly."Fred and I need both." Al opened his mouth to argue again but before he could another voice spoke."What's so special about this map and cloak?" Both Potters turned and stared at her in shock. They'd both been so caught up in their argument they had forgotten her. A problem they tended to have a lot. Both of them often forgot others were around and could hear them and were most likely listening in purposefully when they were arguing."Who's this?" Al demanded. James glanced at the girl and opened his mouth to answer. He realized then that he didn't have an answer for Al, his mouth snapped shut."You really don't know my name?" The girl raised her eyebrows and shook her head at James. "Meg Wood." She introduced herself to both boys."Right, well not to sound rude, but why are you here?" Al prodded."Without me your dumb brother wouldn't have found you and probably would've been put in the Hospital Wing for waking a few rather angry, rather hungover Slytherins." James chuckled at that, realizing she was probably correct. He stopped abruptly remembering that she, herself was a Slytherin."Great." Al stated sarcastically. "Thanks for helping him meddle, as if he wasn't good enough at it himself." Al snapped the last part at James with a glare."I still want to know about this map." Meg spoke. James groaned and scowled this time."Of course you do. Bloody Slytherin." The girl was unperturbed and waited for James to continue. "It's a Potter secret. Now give it to me Al." James held out his hand impatiently. Al shoved a piece of parchment into James hands and stalked off. James tucked the parchment into his inside pocket in his robes. Meg scrutinized his movements."Thanks for the wake up call and entertainment this morning." Meg grinned and pulled James in for an awkward hug. It was quick and James barely moved. Meg was unaffected by this and skipped off, humming a sweet tune. Her hand was digging around in her purse, causing her skip to look rather odd.James almost skipped himself at the prospect of what he and Fred could do now that they had the map. He'd already forgotten the annoying, weird, albeit fit Slytherin girl.Fred Weasley II was one of James many cousins, he also was James' pranking partner. Fred had inherited the flaming red Weasley hair, however he wasn't nearly as pale as his cousins'. Fred's skin was an olive tan, his mother's naturally dark skin had helped save him from the pale, freckling skin of most redheads. Fred's blue eyes were often glinting in humour and a huge smile could almost always be found on his face.James went straight to the Great Hall knowing Fred would be there with wide eyes and a face stuffed with food. Upon his entrance, James saw Fred exactly how he knew he would, a grin showing through even as he chewed. James scootched in across from Fred and started serving himself eggs."Did you get the map back from Al?" Fred whispered across the table to his friend."Course." James rolled his eyes and reached into his pocket. His fingers grasped and searched, only meeting air and robe material. The map wasn't there. He searched his other pockets hurriedly, though he was positive he put the map in his inside pocket. James found nothing. He thought back to Meg hugging him and her hand in her purse. That Slytherin took the map!"What do you know about Meg Wood?" James was seething."Pretty girl, nice bum and Captain of the Slytherin Quidditch team. Why?" Fred stared at James with worry."Because I'm going to kill her." James fork stabbed down into his eggs, a loud clang echoing through the hall.1st chapter done. Leave a review letting me know what you think please!Thanks- Jenn
