Hi! Im back! I'm taking a hiatus from my other story for a little while, so bare with me! Hope you like my new story! Some grammar and spelling mistakes may be in here, as I suck at editing. Please read/review!Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot, and probably not even really that! Prologue:It was a warm summer day at the Burrow. The Potter-Weasley clan were all enjoying the annual Sunday picnic."Ron, stop hogging the marcaroni salad!""Boys! Knock it off!""Stop it, James!""But Albus, you could be a Slyth- Mom! Dad!"The Weasleys and the Potter children watched as Ginny, Harry, Ron and Hermione glowed gold and faded away as the four screamed in pain, with their kids screaming for their parents.In Malfoy Manor, a certain blond haired Slytherin did the same, glowing gold and fading away in pain.37 years in the past, a group of pranksters and their wife/fiancs were doing the same.Only thing left in the places they were taken from- a silver phoenix with a golden letter.All were taken to place where a friend to each greeted them.The Maruders and their ladies had a staring contest with the Golden Trio and Ginny. They were interrupted by Draco Malfoy when he came."Bloody Hell!" And of course the silence was broken by Ron."Harry, I think these are the young Marauders and the Marauderettes. A.K.A., your dad, mom, Remus, Sirius, Marlene McKinnon, and Dorcas Meadows," whispered Hermione."James, these kids look familiar. Especially that boy, you looks exactly like you, although much older," muttered Lily to James. "Yes he looks like me, but with your eyes," said James, just as quiet and cautious.Hermione stepped forward. "Hello, are you James and Lily Potter? Remus Lupin and Dorcas Meadows? Sirius Black and Marlene McKinnon?""How do you know our names?!""No, I'm Bob Snyder, head Auror.""Shut up Sirius! Why yes we are! Who are you?"The comments came from Remus, Sirius, and Lily respectively.Harry laughed. "Yeah, I'm sure it's them. I'm Harry Potter, and yes I am related to these Potters. (He pointed at Lily and James.) This is my wife Ginny, and my best friends Hermione Malfoy and Ron Weasley. We are from the future."James and Lily were deep in thought after he said that he was related to them.Sirius was suspicious when Harry said 'Malfoy'."Wait, Malfoy?! Are you related to Luscious Luscius?!"Nobody answered but Draco smirked."We'll, now that introductions are done, let me just say- what in Merlin's pants are we doing here?!"Harry groaned. "And that would be Draco Malfoy, the biggest and slowest idiot in the world." Draco scowled."And the most handsome." Grinned hermione lovingly. Draco lit up at this and kissed her soundly.They heard chuckling, and they all turned and whipped out their wands.Albus Dumbledore raised his hands in surrender. "I'm the real Dumbledore, and my favorite jam is raspberry by the way."Everyone but Harry, Ron, Hermione and Draco lowered their wands,they just raised them higher, Draco very pale, like his ferret self."I can curse you to the next universe. Now, tell me who you truly are before I do just that.""Harry!" Said Lily shocked.He looked over. "I fought in a war, and watched this man get struck by the killing curse, then fall over the edge of the astronomy tower. There is no way he should be alive right now, so please tell me who in name of Merlin's pants are you?!"Albus smiled and waved his wand. A patronus came out, in the shape of a Phoenix; more specifically Fawks.The others stated in awe."I am the true Albus Dumbledore, here to help change the future.""What do you mean 'change the future'? Questioned James."I mean, something drastic is going to change your entire future, and Harry here will have to grow up parent-less. His parents will be personally murdered by Voldemort himself when poor Harry was a year old."Harry looked solemnly at Lily and James as Dumbledore said that, something Remus did not miss."Harry, are Lily and James your parents?" He asked.Harry looked at the said couple who were curious about the answer. He then looked at hermione, who nodded."Yes."Lily just started crying while James looked at Harry sadly. Sirius was the worst, he just stared at Harry and his parents. Not saying anything. That was a problem.A silent Sirius was a dangerous Sirius.Albus watched this, and continued. "This is why you guys are here. You must change the future to prevent the deaths of mr and mrs potter. Also, to prevent the wrong conviction of Mr. Black here.."Sirius snapped out of it. "Conviction? As in Azkaban?""Yes, you were framed for the murder of your best friend. If you haven't noticed, there is a reason Mr. Pettigrew isn't here.""Yeah, where is Wormtail? Why isn't he here?" Asked Remus."It is known knowledge that there was a mole amongst the Order. Unfortunately, it was found out that the mole was among the four Marauders. Remus and Peter had supposedly thought the mole was Sirius. Lily, James, and Sirius thought the rat to be Remus. All of you were wrong. The rat, pardon my pun, was Peter "Wormtail" pettigrew. He leaked information to Voldemort, which led to the deaths of lily and James and the attempted murder of little harry."To say the marauders were shocked was an understatement."no! Absolutely not!""Wormtail would never do that to us!""Unfortunately, it is true." Harry spoke up. " I found out the true story behind it all in my third year of hogwarts, right after I tried to strangle Sirius to death for the murders of my parents. Wormtail was actually the traitor. After Voldemort killed Lily and James, he disappeared. Sirius was the first on the scene, took one look at the house and took off. He found Pettigrew, and started screaming at him. But Pettigrew is more sneaky then you think. He screamed, 'why would you do this Sirius? Our best friends!' And proceeded to blow up the street. During which, he chopped off a finger and transformed, leaving the wizarding world to believe he was dead. He escaped through and open and broken water pipe that became exposed in the explosion. he took refuge at Ron's house, and lived as a rat, Scabbers, for 12 years. We later found out the truth when Sirius broke out of Azkaban and tried to find Pettigrew. He then admitted the truth and was chained up. He then changed, and because of it being a full moon, Professor Lupin transformed and during which Pettigrew got away and went to find his master."Yeah, the marauders were at loss for words. Especially Sirius for the breaking-out-of-Azkban thing, and Remus for being a professor and transforming with Harry there. Lily and James were upset about the Peter-betraying-them-and-leaving-them-to-Voldemort thing.Well this was eventful.A/N: next chapter will be the first chapter of the Deathly Hallows!
