LLL- Hi guyeseses. New Harry Potter story inspired by a beauitful person, BlackwingCrow2435! I hope people like it. I know. First Chappie is kind of slow, but it'll pick up. I promise.Draco- Blah blah, get to the point.LLL- Haha well we don't have to rush that part now do we.Draco-She doesn't own Harry Potter. Never have, never will, and wishes she did. I'm kind of glad she doesn't then i'd probably end up with Snape and that would...LLL-OK NOW! Soooo yeah don't own harry potter, please enjoy.She walks through the halls with four textbooks in her arms. There is an abundance of students wearing colors of all of the houses and she realizes that she is lost. With a forced sigh, she looks around and sees the large windows next to her looking over the school grounds. There is no point in asking for direction in this crowd. With determination, she pushes through the students and keeps looking. After twenty long and painful minutes of searching, she finally finds the room in which she is looking for. Divination. She walks in and every student stares her down, as they did in the 3 classes before. Shyly and slightly embarrassed for being so late, she looks at the floor. A woman with extremely large glasses walks over to her and looks her in the eye."Hello. I'm very sorry for being late, but i've only been here a few days and I got lost My name is.""Triniti," the teacher answers, wide eyed.The blonde hair girl looks surprised. "Yes. My name is Triniti.""I'm professor Trelawney. Pleasure to make your acquaintance. Please. Please. Sit where ever you like."Triniti nods. "Yes ma'am." She looks up for the first time and gets a better look at the room. It is dark and the chairs are red stools placed in front of tables holding crystal balls. She is somewhat amazed by this and observes the students. They are sitting in either pairs or fours, all of which are sitting with their own house. Triniti spots a seat next to two Gryffindor girls and takes it, not making eye contact with them. All around her are the whispers of students and Trelawney begins to teach again.A few tables down someone whispers, "Wow look at those eyes.""Ron, please try to focus on the classwork being that you are failing it," Hermione states, looking into the crystal ball."You don't even like this class," he debates. Hermione rolls her eyes."I didn't know you could start at Hogwarts in the middle of the year," Harry comments."Neither did I." Hermione looks at Harry as he stares at the girl. "You OK?""Triniti" he whispers to himself, not answering her question.She raises an eyebrow. "Harry, snap out of it.""I don't blame him," Ron adds. "She is bloody gorgeous.""Shut up Ron.""That's not why I'm looking at her." Harry grumbles"Sure it isn't."Hermione ignores the two and tries her best to pay attention to Trelawney."Now! Everyone has an aura! The stronger your will, the stronger your aura and the easier it will be to see into the crystal. Meaning the more clear it will be. Even the content can be improved. Think of it not just as an object, but a part of you. Touch it! Now!" Everyone does as told and touches the ball. For most of everyone, nothing happens. For others the ball glows and nothing more. Triniti looks into the blank cloud of white and sighs. She brushes a few blonde strands out of her face and looks harder. The only difference that is made is that the white cloud is now black."Ugh," she grunts out of irritation. "Ms. Trelawney, I think I broke it."The teacher slowly makes her way to the girl with thick spectacles resting on her face and looks at the ball. She then stares at Triniti, eyes wide again and completely silent. This makes her nervous, but the young girl says nothing.A loud gong of the bell is heard through the walls of the room and everyone stands up to leave. Trelawney blinks her eyes a few times and stands up straight. "Well have a nice day." With that, she walks away leaving Triniti confused to the core. Shrugging off only the tenth strange thing to occur since her arrival, she bends down and grabs the large books. She looks up to see three people standing in front of her. They are wearing long green scarfs and the slytherin insignia on their robes."So who are you?" the bleach blonde haired boy asks."Triniti.""What are you, a first year?""Yes, technically.""Hmph," he grunts. "Stay on my good side and i'm sure you'll make it here."Triniti raises her eyebrow, unimpressed. "Right.""I'm Draco Malfoy.""I didn't ask.""Why you little" The brunette standing behind him becomes irritated and Triniti stands up."Pansy," Draco halts. She looks at him and then backs down. "Watch how you speak to people.""I believe you came to me first. Can I leave now, I'm kind of busy.""You're a pureblood.""What?"Draco grabs one of her books from the stack in her arms. "Good quality. Brand New. And you've got quite the mouth on you. You're likeable""Draco?!" Pansy gasps."But you're in Gryffindor so watch it." With that he throws the book on the floor. "We'll be seeing you around." He turns and the others follow him, the girl named Pansy glares at her the entire way out. She bends down to pick up the and someone else grabs it for her. She looks at them and sees another cliche of kids."Here," he says, placing the book in her arms."Thank you." She sees that they are Gryffindor as she is."I'm Harry. Harry Potter.""Hi. I'm Triniti," she replies, slightly uncomfortable with introducing herself anymore."I'm Ron," greets the red head. "And this is Hermione.""I can introduce myself, thank you very much," the girl interjects."It's nice to meet you guys.""Don't worry about anyone from the Slytherin House. Nothing but rubbish comes out of their mouths if you ask me," Ron says."Okay. Thank you." They begin to walk out."So," Harry starts, walking next to her down the spiralling stone stairs. "How long have you been here at Hogwarts?""Only four days.""Wow," Ron gasps. "How old are you?""Sixteen.""So how were you able to join the school."Triniti looks down at her books. Unsure of how she should answer the question.Hermione punches him in the arm and he glares at her, confused. "You don't have to tell us that. It probably is personal.""No," Triniti assures. "It is okay. But it is a long story so I'd rather explain it in the common room." The three make their way to the common room where Triniti treks to her room and puts her books down. "Baubles? That's an interesting password," she mumbles to herself, thinking about the fat lady. The password was different when she arrived. "I wonder why it changed?" Shrugging off the question, she looks at her reflection in the mirror on the wall. Her blond hair flows well past her elbows and she admires the uniform ensemble once more, stroking the burgundy tie. She then walks back to the common room where the three sit in front of the fireplace. She sits in a separate chair next to them."I haven't really talked to anyone. Everyone just stares at me. I don't know how anyone can recognize new students with as many people as there are attending this school.""I bet it has been quite confusing for you," Hermione smiles. "Don't worry. It gets better.""Thank you so much," Triniti smiles back."I don't even know where to start with questions.""Where did you come from?" Ron blurts"Well," Triniti looks into the air for answers. "I don't really remember.""What?" he questions. "Who brought you here? You're not a squib are you?""Dumbledore brought me and a squib is.?""Ignore him," Hermione interjects. "Why did Dumbledore bring you? What about your parents? Are you muggleborn?""Mudblood? No," Triniti smirks. The group raise their eyebrows in disbelief and when she notices their discontent she throws her hands over her mouth and shakes her head. "I'm so so so sorry. I didn't know. I forgot that term was offensive. Dumbledore told me never to use it but I forgot.""It's OK," Hermione says, shrugging off the term. "It's a common mistake.""Made by Slytherin," Ron mumbles. She punches him in the arm again."So you're not muggleborn.""No. I am a pureblood.""So why start school so late?""I don't know.""What do you know?" Ron asks."Maybe you should let us ask the questions," Harry says to him."Well. I know that Dumbledore sent me here in order to stabilize my magic.""Stabilize?""I don't know, but that's all I can tell you." Triniti stands. "Do you guys mind if I take a walk around the castle. I'd love to get to know the place better.""Sure, we'll give you a tour." The three stand up."Alone," Triniti says. She turns. "I'll see you guys later." With that, she walks out and leaves the group more curious than they'd been before.She exits the painting and the air around the castle is cold. It is the beginning of december and winter is just starting to settle in. She walks aimlessly up and down the moving staircases and through the halls of the castle, passing the occasional group of students. She then finds herself walking through a long hall with large pedestals and is open to the outside. A threshold leads to another room and she stands in an open space. There is a large hole in the middle of the floor with gears turning and intertwining. She glides her hand across the railing and sees someone ten meters away from her, standing in front of a glass clock face, looking out. She takes one step forward and they turn to her."Why are you here?" Draco hisses."Am I not allowed to be in the clock tower? I was looking around.""You shouldn't just be walking around this school. It's not always safe.""Maybe for other people it isn't. And what do you care about anyone's safety""Hmph, who are you?" He huffs, looking back out of the window.She walks next to him. "I wish I bloody knew."He looks at her to see that she appears somewhat angry.. and confused. "What's that mean?""It means that this school is lying to me. Something is missing. But I don't know what it is.""Maybe you should try looking for it.""Trust me. I have. But it's not there. A whole part of me is missing.""Sounds like you've got issues.""And what about you Draco? You're standing alone in a clock tower looking at nothing. I'd say you're the one with the issues.""And looks, you're standing in the same place." With that, he walks away, leaving her to stare out at nothing.LLL- I know, short but I hope you like it. Next Chappie soon ^_^Hermione- You should make Ron talk a little less.LLL- Please review and no I like it when Ron speaks 
