Prologue/Chapter 1: The Journey Begins/My Brother's GirlThe air whooshed from Severus' lungs when something landed on his sleeping form. He gasped awake to see a twelve-year-old face alight with excitement."Come on, Dad, wake up! It's nearly eleven!" the child ordered."Five more minutes," he groaned, putting his arm over his eyes.The boy groaned as well, hopped off his father's stomach to his mother's side of the bed, selected a feather pillow, and smacked it over the arm Severus was using to shield his eyes."Oof! Merlin's beard, boy!" He finally sat up with a mock-frown. "How many times have I got to tell you not to do that?"He hung his head and fiddled with his hand. "I'm sorry, Dad."Severus sighed, ruffling his son's hair. "I'm only joking." He pulled his own pillow from behind him and hit the boy in the arm with it."Augustus Prince!" Lysandra called from the bottom of the stairs. "I told you to wake him up, not start a fight!"Severus chuckled. "Go back downstairs. I'll be there in a few minutes.""Okay." He scooted to the edge of the bed and jumped off, running across the room and down the stairs.Severus shut the door behind him, shaking his head. That boy most certainly belonged in Gryffindor; no one had been surprised when the Sorting Hat put him there. As he pulled on his usual black attire, he wondered how his daughter would be placed. Evadne had the intelligence of Ravenclaw, ambition of a Slytherin, dedication of a Hufflepuff, and the bravery of a Gryffindor, but she was so quiet. He was afraid that she would be as ostracized as he was in school.As it happened, she was leaving her room just as he passed it."Morning, Dad," she greeted him sweetly, wrapping her arms low around his waist and pressing her cheek into his stomach.He leaned over slightly to hug her back. "Good morning. Are you excited?" She would be Sorted into her House this afternoon.She nodded against his shirt and looked up at him. "I am." But her bright blue eyes, the exact same shade as her mother's, showed only mild curiosity. He knew she was trying to calculate which house she would be Sorted into."Evadne! If you want breakfast, you'd better get down here now!" Lysandra called. Eva let go of her father and hurried down the stairs.Severus rolled his eyes with a smirk, following his daughter to the ground floor. Lyssa was always extra-stressed on September first. It was even worse this year, now that the entire family would be going on the same day, what with the children being students and the adults being teachers. Even his mother had gotten a job at Hogwarts. She took over the Transfigurations classes when Minerva became Headmistress; apparently, in France, she'd spent quite a lot of time practicing that sort of magic, though she still refused to tell him or Lyssa what exactly she'd been using it for."Good morning, my love," Lysandra said when he entered the kitchen.He muttered his own greeting and crossed the room to give her a quick kiss on the cheek. "What have you made us?"She scoffed. "I made nothing. Eileen was here a little while ago cooking them breakfast while I showered and got ready. I woke up late."Severus shook his head at her. "I keep telling you to take showers at night, but you never bloody listen to me.""Mum, it's time to go!" August shouted, making Lysandra jump.She checked the clock, saw that it was 10:58, and just like that, she went into harried-mother-determined-to-be-on-time mode. Severus helped her out by charming the dishes to do themselves, and then summoned all of their things from their rooms down to the front hallway. Severus and his wife helped the children shrink their trunks to fit in their pockets, took hold of one child each, linked arms, and apparated to Platform 9 . They had just enough time to enlarge everything before they had to find Eileen on the train.Really, they could have just waited until later and apparated to Hogsmeade, then walk from there, but August and Eva had both begged them to ride the train as a family, and neither the parents nor Eileen could refuse them, especially since Eva was being so much less reserved than usual. August, however, quickly ran off to find his friendsJames Potter and Dominique and Roxanne Weasleyas soon as the train left the station. Eva just pulled a book out of her bag and buried herself in Severus' side while Lysandra held the hand not attached to the arm he had wrapped around his daughter.When they arrived, Eileen led the first-years off, Eva close at her side, and Severus and Lysandra sent August with the rest of the students before heading off in their own direction to finish a few things regarding their quarters and classrooms before the Sorting Ceremony.Lysandra took her usual spot on Severus' left side at the Head Table as students filed in for the Sorting Ceremony and start-of-term feast; his mother would take the seat to his right when the Sorting was finished.The day she'd been announced as the new Transfigurations professor wasinteresting. For a few weeks, the small family didn't have a moment of privacy, because Eileen had also kept her presence mostly secret until then. The papers made a wide range of speculations as to why she'd been gone for so long, but Snape ignored all of them; all he cared about was that she was back. And that she liked his fiance."Welcome to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, first-years!" she said, quieting the rest of the room rather quickly. "When I call your name, you will come up and sit on the stool, and I will place the Sorting Hat on your head. Then, he will tell you which House you will be in." She unrolled the parchment in her hand. Severus wouldn't have taken notice of the first name, "Rohese Bonham," if he hadn't happened to notice August watching the girl intently, letting his face fall when she was Sorted into Ravenclaw.He leaned toward his wife. "I think our son developed a bit of a crush on the train," he whispered in her ear. "He looked rather disappointed that Rohese wasn't Sorted into Gryffindor."Lysandra chuckled. "Poor boy. I'm sure he'll find a way to make friends with her anyway."The next time either parent bothered to pay much attention was when their daughter's name was called."Evadne Prince," Eileen called.Lysandra gripped Severus' hand, worrying her bottom lip. He knew they were thinking the same thing: Please put her with her brother.Eileen set the hat on her granddaughter's head."Well, what do we have here? Another Prince? My, my, what a pleasant surprise."Eva blushed scarlet. The line between Lysandra's eyes deepened a little."Where shall we put you?" It wondered aloud."Wherever I belong," Eva muttered."Hmm. I see the bravery of a lioness in you, just like your brother. But you're more bookish than he is, aren't you?""Please get on with it.""Oh, alright. I know where you belong. Slytherin!"Severus' heart dropped into his stomach. Even before Voldemort's time, Slytherin was no place for anyone that wasn't a pure-blood, and Eva was only a half-blood, with a personality too much like her parents' when they were in school for her own good.Lysandra's face was drained of color. August was looking up at them from the Gryffindor table. Eva clearly wanted to bolt from the room. Eileen barely had the composure to keep calling names.It wasn't even the first day of classes, and the stress had already begun.Severus memorized which Slytherins were looking at his daughter with anything less than perfect politeness."This is going to be a long year, Severus," Lysandra murmured."It is indeed."That night, the siblings stayed with their parents rather than in their own dorms. Eva moved between the other three every fifteen minutes or so, when her bouts of crying would end and then start up again, until she was too tired to move from her father's lap.He tried and tried to think of something, anything, to tell her to make her feel better, but even he hated Slytherin; he had done nothing but condemn it in her and August's presence, and now she was one of them. Saying that he felt horrible was an understatement. His mother wouldn't be able to help; she'd eventually hated it, too, despite admitting to being a true Slytherin at heart. She used to say that the arrogance of most pure-bloods had tainted that House.So, Severus just rocked his daughter in his arms until she fell asleep and carried her to his and Lysandra's bed and tucked her in next to her brother. He and Lyssa took the couch for the night, and both knew the next day was going to be a particularly difficult Monday.~~~Five Years Later~~~ "Get him!" James Potter shouted happily as he zoomed past Eva on his broom.August broke into an even larger smile than before, clutched the Quaffle closer, and sped off toward Louis on the other end of the Quidditch pitch; the fifth-year Weasley was playing Keeper for them in their game of girls-versus-boys; Rohese, August's girlfriend since his fourth year, and Roxanne made up the girl's team, while James and August made up the boy's.Eva was keeping score in the stands, only shifting attention from her potions book when one of them called out a score. None of them were Seekersthose were Albus and Hugoor Beaters, just Chasers, so they'd agreed to play to one hundred points. The next score would determine the winners.August's whoop of joy drew Eva's attention from her book; she looked up to see him giving James a double-hive-five while Rohese and Roxanne shook their heads. Louis flew over to the group, congratulated the winners, and seemed to give encouraging words to the losers. He was like that, always giving encouragement where he could.Her brother flew closer to Rohese, giving her a teasing grin. She responded to whatever remark he must have made, and they leaned toward each other for a quick kiss, after which she tried to push August off his broom.Eva looked away, jealous of her brother's easy sociability. She'd never been able to make friends as quickly or effortlessly as he had, and she'd certainly never been able to attract boys the way he attracted girls, despite her family's assurance that she was "quite the looker."She only had maybe one or two real friends other than August, and it would be nice if, say, her own House didn't shun her for being a half-blood. For her first two years at Hogwarts, nothing had been able to stop her Housemates from terrorizing her; she'd even wound up in the infirmary a few times, much to her family's horror and outrage."Eva! Are you coming?" August called, ten feet ahead of her, still on his broom.Eva shook herself. "Uh, yes. Sorry. I let my mind wander." She stood and started for the stairs.It had taken both her parents and her grandmother threatening the Slytherin House for her to get some peace. Then James followed his father's footsteps and became Quidditch captain, her brother earned a reputation for disregarding all school rules when it came to protecting his sister, and both made it very clear that Eva was not to be trifled with.Recently, though, she hadn't needed their protection. Lysandra had seen to that, with extra lessons in all sorts of magic.August draped an arm across her shoulders when she met the group on the ground. His other arm was around Ro. When those two had started dating, Eva had been slightly jealous; she was now forced to share her brother's love and attention.He shook her gently. "Earth to Evadne. What's the matter with you today?"She shrugged, causing night-black hair to fall in her face, covering half of it. "I don't know, just didn't get enough sleep, I guess."August stopped mid-step, jerking the girls to a halt along with him. "Why? Is someone bothering you?" he asked with narrowed eyes.Eva gave him a small smile. "No, nothing like that. Only a bout of insomnia,, I think.""Good." He kissed her temple and the three of them resumed walking. "Will you be joining us tonight?""Join you where?"Rohese was the one to answer her. "Everyone's getting together at Hagrid's."Eva knew "everyone" meant their circle of friends: the Weasleys, the Potters, herself and August, Ro, and Scorpius.She bit her lip. "I don't know" the Weasley clan had practically doubled since their parents' school days, and the Potters were usually considered Weasleys because their mother was one. Eva loved them all, of course, but sometimes they were too much."Oh, come on! It'll be fun," Ro begged. "What of Malfoy shows up? You can't let him be the only Slytherin there.""And what if he doesn't? I'll be the only one. How are we all to fit inside Hagrid's, anyway?" She was just making excuses now; she knew Malfoy would go because he had an enormous crush on Rose Weasley, but she could never find the enthusiasm for such gatherings as the others did."It's not Winter yet; it'll be warm enough for us to hang out outside," August explained.Eva pursed her lips and gave in. "I supposed. But only for Malfoy."Ro and August grinned at her."Great! I'm sure you'll have fun," Ro assured."What's taking you all so long?" Roxanne called from ahead, walking backwards so she could look at them while she moved."We were convincing Eva to come to the party tonight," August answered."Were you successful?""Of course! Don't you know Eva's a party animal?"They all chuckled, but Eva just smiled shyly. No matter how comfortable she felt around these people, she always found herself reverting to her reserved nature, unable to let go. It left her feeling guilty, like somehow she was letting them down.Not Rohese, though. Yes, Eva was jealous that August wasn't all hers, but lately, something about Ro had been setting off alarm bells in her head, which was confusing. She'd known Ro since she started at Hogwarts, and the other girl had always seemed nice enough, if a little too outgoing for Eva to handle. Eva didn't want to say anything about her unease over Ro to August, thoughhe'd surely be furious about it."Eva, for God's sake," August exclaimed, catching her as she tripped over a tree root. "Pay attention.""Sorry, sorry," she muttered automatically."Don't apologize, just watch where you're going," he said, worry coloring his tone.By the time she made it to Hagrid's, most everyone else had already arrived. Poor Scorpius was standing alone near the front door, watching the others mingle in the tiny amount of light provided by the sunset. As she got closer, though, Eva saw that he wasn't just staring at the grouphe was watching Rose.She let herself grin she took a spot beside him. "Don't act all nonchalant about it; I saw you looking at her," she told him quietly, since he'd immediately dropped his gaze upon noticing his fellow Slytherin's approach.The third-year, mini-Draco blushed and ducked his head. "No, I wasn't.""Go talk to her.""No.""Why not?"He finally looked at her. "She's a Gryffindor!"Eva nodded and pulled him into her side. He rested his head on her shoulder. "I understand. Really." She'd had her fair share of Gryffindor crushes, including James.Malfoy sighed dejectedly. He and Evadne had somewhat of a silent understandingwhenever they were both invited to a Weasley get-together, they would stick close to one another; being the only Slytherins in a group dominated by Gryffindors was rather difficult."Why were we put into Slytherin, Eva?" Scorpius asked suddenly, turned his steel-gray eyes on her with an innocence that almost hurt to look at.One side on her mouth curled up in a sad, lop-sided smile. "Maybe we were meant to follow in our fathers' footsteps."His already-pale face lost all color, tears immediately pooling in his eyes. "But I don't want to kill McGonagall! I don't want you to, either!" Draco wasn't the one to kill the Dumbledore, clearly, but Voldemort had meant for him to.She obviously hadn't thought her comment through."Oh, shh." Eva wrapped her free arm around him. "Alright, that wasn't the best prediction. I'm sorry. I'm sure that's not it. Maybe we're meant to make up for the mistakes they made," she amended."You're just saying that.""No, no, I mean it." And the more she thought about it, the more it made sense. Where their fathers had fallen into darkness because of the way they were treated, perhaps Scorpius and Evadne were supposed to overcome the bullying and prejudice they were subjected to.She grinned. "And maybe you're supposed to aid in the end of Slytherin's bad rep by marrying Rose Weasley," she said deviously.As she disentangled herself from him and practically tossed him at the rest of the third-years, he sputtered useless protests about why that was impossible.He did his best not to look too embarrassed, apologizing profusely for nearly knocking Molly over. After a few minutes, the little group was talking animatedly. Scorpius threw Eva a surprised yet grateful glance; she leaned back against the wall of Hagrid's small house with a satisfied smirk on her face."Didn't I tell you it would be fun?" Ro's voice sounded beside her.Eva jumped, the smile disappearing from her lips. "You did.""He's a brave little bastard, staying over there. Too bad he didn't walk over on his own."She cocked an eyebrow at the girl who professed to love her brother. "There's nothing wrong with a little help, Rohese. He just needed a little nudge, that's all. Literally, as it happens," she defended."You know, just because you tutor him doesn't mean you have to mother him as well," the other girl remarked with a biting edge to her voice.Eva raised her eyebrows again. "Oh, and I suppose Astoria Malfoy is the better choice?" She had met the woman many times, mostly during the summer when she would visit the Malfoys to give Scorpius extra tutoring sessions and because she'd grown rather close to both her student and his father. The woman was far from pleasant, constantly calling her son out on trivial things, making him feel like he was never enough. Draco had actually confided in Eva that he wanted to leave Astoria and asked Eva if she would help him gain full custody of Scorpius since she knew how damaging his mother was.But Ro didn't know any of that."She's his mother, Evadne. It's her job to, well, mother him. Not yours.""You don't understand," she said tiredly, abandoning her spot. "Hey," she said quietly in Malfoy's ear as she passed him, "I'm gonna go. Think you can handle yourself alone just this once?"He nodded."Good. I'll see you tomorrow afternoon." She ruffled his hair and began walking back toward the castle.Just when she reached the path leading to it, August blocked her way. "Did you and Ro have another disagreement?" he asked suspiciously.Eva sighed. "Yes, August, we did. Now, I'd really like to say hello to Mum and Dad and then go to bed. I haven't got the energy to deal with this right now."He seemed torn. "I don't like it when you two don't get along."She cupped his face in her hand. "I know. I really do try, most of the time. It's justwe're too different to get along for any significant amount of time."Frowning, he ducked his head, stuffing his hands in his pockets and toeing something in the dirt. "Do you wish I wasn't with her?""To be perfectly honest, yes, sometimes I do wish that," she confessed. "But I trust that you see something in her that's worth your love.""Alrightas long as that stays true, I suppose she can stick around." August met her eyes with a smirk, but it quickly disappeared. "Ro. Hi."Rohese smiled, but it didn't reach her eyes. "James is looking for you.""Okay, thanks." He gave them each a kiss on the cheek before heading off to find his teammate."What exactly are you trying to" Ro started.Eva interrupted her. "Listen to me, cubif you ever do anything to hurt him, I'll introduce you to a world of pain you could never even dream of." Ro just gaped at her; Eva had never been openly hostile to her before, and her threat shocked them both, but she didn't let her surprise show on her face. Instead, she turned around and left Ro standing there, staring after her, as she walked back to the castle.
