Disclaimer: Harry Potter does not belong to me. It belongs to J. K. Rowling.This story is inspired by Inside My Mind and Masquerade by sistergrimmslover.A/N: Hey readers! This is the prologue of my first fem!HP Fanfiction and this is my second fanfiction that I am currently writing. The posting may not be as regular as you would like due to work and school, but I'll try to keep posting as fast as I can. This story will be TMR/Fem!HP, so if you don't like it, don't read it!The story awaits!Prologue(Potter Residence, Godric's Hollow)James and Lily Potter cooed at their baby girl, Iris, waiting for their friend Sirius Black to return. He was to be their Secret Keeper, but he had persuaded them to take Pettigrew as their Secret Keeper for the reason that he would be the obvious choice. Black had recently gone out to deal with issues that had come up concerning the House of Black and bring food back.The Dark Lord Grindelwald swept into the yard which was previously hidden under the Fidelius Charm. Yes, the idiot Pettigrew had served him well. He undid the Fidelius Charm for him and was given a nice little Stupefy to the face. Blasting the door open with a Reductor Curse, he heard the two Potters as they scrambled up to defend their home."He's here! Damn Pettigrew; I knew we shouldn't have listened to Sirius! Lily! Take Iris and run! I'll hold him off!" James said as he appeared at the top of the stairs, beginning to pull his wand out. It was too late; Grindelwald's was already out."Avada Kedavra!" A jet of green light struck James square in the chest. He toppled forward and slid down the stairs, glasses falling off and cracking. Grindelwald stepped over his dead body, searching for the Mudblood.In a room not far from the stairs, Lily was holding Iris close to her chest. "I'll always be with you, alright? I love you Iris!" Tears streamed freely from her vivid green eyes. She took her wand out and muttered, "May the Benevolent Creatures bless you." There was a flash and a crimson feather drifted down onto Iris' lap. The infant watched her mother curiously as she stood up. The door burst open, flying off its hinges."Step aside, Mudblood. I only want the girl." He said coldly. Lily did not move and held her ground. "No? Then die! Avada Kedavra!" Lily crumpled to the ground much like her husband did. Grindelwald smirked in dark satisfaction. Raising his wand, he pointed it at the girl, whose eyes were beginning to glow a sickly green. "Avada Kedavra!" He could only watch in shock as a crimson red shield sent the sickly green Killing Curse back into him. And he was gone dust in the wind(Two Hours Later)Tom Marvolo Riddle, Deputy Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, appeared with a light crack as he Apparated onto the scene. Stepping gingerly over a stray stake of wood from the front door, he made his way into the Potter household. As soon as he stepped over the threshold, he was greeted with the sight of one James Potter lying at the foot of the stairs and his broken glasses not far away.Riddle ascended the stairs and tried to locate the girl. He searched, and eventually, he found her. Cursing mentally, he wondered why he had told Black that the Potter household had been attacked during his absence. Sirius wanted him to ensure that he would have guardianship over the girl. The girl's eyes were the color of the Avada Kedavra, and he was unnerved by how similar in color they were.Once she saw him, her eyes began dimming until they were slightly darker than the Killing Curse, but still a vivid jade green. Observing the girl for a moment, Tom saw the blood red feather in her lap and wondered what it did. Extending his consciousness, he sensed the connection between it and the girl. Interesting.The Deputy Headmaster picked Iris up and turned in place, Disapparating into Hogwarts. Cloak billowing behind him, he strode through the empty halls, twisting and turning until he came up to a portrait of Salazar Slytherin. The girl's eyes blinked open as they stopped. "Open." Said Tom in Parseltongue."What is thine need?" Salazar said dramatically, acting as if he had just woken up. Looking down, he gasped. "Dear heir, what, pray tell, haveth thou been doing? Frolicking around?""No! Now just open!" Tom snapped. His patience was wearing thin. He had told Black to wait in his office and now Salazar was wasting his time."Open. Open!" said Iris, giggling happily. The two Slytherins looked at the girl and gaped. The question was clear on Salazar's face. Tom schooled his features. "I don't know how. Just open, for Merlin's sake." Salazar harrumphed and swung open to reveal a comfortable office.Sirius had gotten bored of standing and waiting in Tom's office, so he had plopped himself down in one of the only two comfy armchairs in there. His feet were up on the desk right in front of it, which was used for student detentions. Tom strode in, carrying the baby in his arms. "Black. I don't recall allowing you to sit or have your feet on my desk. Off. Now." He said curtly.The Gryffindor scrambled to stand up. In moments, he stood in front of Tom's desk, behind which Tom sat. "Do you have Iris? Are you sure I'll have guardianship of her?""Yes to both questions. Sign these papers and she'll be yours." Replied Tom, pulling out adoption papers. "Make sure you blood adopt her as well. Then she'll be your heiress."Sirius was suspicious. This was looking too easy. "How'd you even get these papers anyway? And is there something else you want me to do?"Tom leaned with his elbows onto the desk. "My influence as Lord Slytherin does wonders. And as a matter of fact, I want you to raise her as a proper pureblood as long as you make sure she isn't like a Parkinson or like any other snobby pureblood.""That's it? Is there something I'm missing?" asked Sirius. He was really confused now. Tom fucking Riddle was letting him have Iris so easily. Riddle smirked."Yes. Dumbledore wanted to send her to the Dursleys' residence in the Muggle world. I would rather die than let such an interesting girl go live with Muggles, so raise her right, Black."Sirius agreed and signed the papers, hoping that he would be able to raise her to James and Lily's standards. He would even teach some hexes and jinxes to her as well to make sure she didn't have any unwanted stalkers. He grinned to himself at that thought."But why did Dumbledore want to send her to the Muggles?" Sirius asked, frowning."He wanted to keep her ignorant and come to be an old grandfather to her so she could be his pawn in the defeat of Grindelwald and Lord Voldemort." Replied Tom smoothly."What? He would never do that! I don't believe it!" Sirius exclaimed, outraged."Believe what you will, Black. I have one request to make. To repay me for what I've done for you today, you will allow me to escort Iris around Diagon Alley when she goes shopping for her school supplies if I wish to."Black scowled. "Alright old man." He cringed when Riddle's eyes flashed red. "Deal."Tom could only smirk. His plans were beginning right now.A/N: Hey readers! How was the prologue? Please review and tell me if you think anything is wrong, anything is strange, etc. This may be a long story ~ I have it all planned out. Anyways, I hope you enjoyed it!-Phoenixslayer99 out.
