A/N Ok, so this is my first FanFic. I think I did an ok job of it, so here it is.Also, I do not under any circumstances own Harry Potter, That fabulous honor goes to Ms. J.K Rowling herself. I wake up and see the familiar red drapes of my four poster dorm bed. I could hear Ron snoring loudly in the next bed over, so it must still be pretty early. I decide to head down and get some breakfast , because I know Hermione will be up by know. Even though it is a Saturday, and we have no classes.Rolling out of bed, I pull on a black T-shirt and black jeans that are a little snug, but what the hey, right? Might as well look good to impress.On entering the Common Room I know Hermione is not here. I climb out of the portrait hole, down the moving staircases and into the Great Hall, to get a quick bite and find Hermione, but shes nowhere to be seen. Only a few Griffindors are at their table, and it's not too crowded, so I sat down to enjoy my breakfast.I had only been eating for a few seconds when I heard more people entering the Great Hall, looking up, expecting to see Ron or Hermione. Instead I see none other then Malfoy, his familiar sneer fixed to his handsome(err..) devious face. He sees me looking and says" Like what you see, Potter?"I reply with"Well, whatever helps you sleep at night, Malfoy"His sneer disappeared for a fraction of a second, but was back on as soon as he realized his Slytherin friends looking at him, waiting for a reply." Thinking of you does not help me sleep at night, Potter""Oh, well then I guess-"I was cut off as Professor Mcgonagal came gliding in through the doors of the Hall, and took her place at the head of the teachers table." Harry, Draco, am I correct in assuming that you are not fighting again during breakfast?" She said."Yes, Headmistress" we both say at the same time, then procceded to glare at eatchother because of it.The Slytherins went and sat down at their table, while smiling smugly at me because I did'nt get to finish my insult.The sight of Draco had made me slightly nervous, not because I was scared of him, because I most deffinitly was not, but because I had a little crush on him. Not that I would ever admit it to anyone, but Ginny. It was no surprise to me that I had these feelings, because I had known I was gay for awhile now. Acctually, that was the reason that Ginny and I broke up.FlashBackGinny and I were in an abandoned corridor making out. We had been for quite some time now, I was pretty surprised that no one had caught us yet.Ginny was trailing her hands up and down my toned torso ( I had gotten into really good shape, since I had started my pre-Auror traing, which involved a vigorous workout session each night), then she slid her fingers through my belt loops and roughly yanked me closer to her.I put my hands around her waist and continued kissing her, but my heart just wasn't in it. She must have noticed too because she pushed me back and looked at me."Harry, can I ask you something?" she said"Course, Ginny, what is it?" I said" Are you gay?"I took a stunned silence as I thought over her question. I never lied to, or kept anything, from Ginny, and she never lied to me or kept anything from me either, so I had to seriouslly consider her question."I don't really know Ginny. I mean, sometimes I catch myself staring at guys but I never thought it was because I could be gay."She looked at me for a second before saying anything." Harry I see the way you look at Malfoy, and you never looked at me like that. Well maybe when we first got together but I don't think you do anymore." "What!, I don't look at Malfoy like that!, Why would you even say that,Ginny!""Because I watch you do it every day, Harry! You fawn after him like a puppy!""No, I don't! He's the enemy! Why in Merlin's soggy underwear would I like him!""Harry listen to yourself, you say you don't like Malfoy, because he's the enemy, but he's not, Voldemort was, and you killed him! Harry this war is over and you can't even get up the courage to admit to yourself that you fancy Draco Malfoy!"I took a deep breath and couldn't help but admit that Ginny was right. I had feelings for Draco Malfoy. God, that sounded weird to even think it!"Ok, Ginny. You right. I do like Malfoy, and I know that he's not the enemy, ok? I just can't go around telling people that I fancy Draco bloody Malfoy! I'm sorry that I yelled at you, but it's just so weird. I mean what would your brother and Hermione think about all this?"We had broken up not to long after our conversation, because 1) im gay 2) Ginny did'nt want me to pretend to like her that way when I did not anymore. Where still really good friends, and she promised not to tell any one about me yet, until I said she could.Flashback overI was so lost in thought that I didn't see Ron and Hermione sit down to my left. Hermione, sitting in the middle of us, leaned down and whisper something in my ear, catching me off guard and causing me to jump about a foot off the bench. Which earned a good deal of laughter from the Slitherin house. Ron barly noticed since he was already digging in the food."Merlin, Hermione, you just about gave me a heart attack!""Sorry, but you should have been paying more attention to your surroundings.""Whatever. What was so damn important that you had to whisper it too me?"" I said, 'Stop staring at Malfoy with that look on your face, or he's going to notice that you like him.'"I slowly turned my head so that I was looking straight at her, and said,with venom practicly dripping off my words,"Who told you that?"Hermione looked shocked at my tone of voice"Harry, no one had to tell me. I just figured it out, by the way you always look at him, when your not about to rip eachothers heads off.""Bullshit, Hermione! Did Ginny tell you?""Ginny? Whats she got to do with this?""Whats my sister got to do with what?" Ron,finally noticing our hushed conversation, asked from around Hermione, "Are you and Ginny fighting, Harry?""No, Ron, were not. Hermione was just being nosy."Hermione looked hurt, but did'nt pursue the subject anymore, while Ron just shrugged and went back to eating.The person in question walked up and sat down on my right."Ginny, did you tell Hermione about Malfoy?" I said under my breath so Ron couldn't hear."No, Harry! I told you I wouldn't tell anyone and I haven't! Hermione just guessed."I could tell she wasn't lieing and I dropped the subject, but promised to revisit it latter, while staring gloomily, across the Hall at Malfoy, again, but quickly looked away when I saw him watching us, with amusement on his face. Apparently he thought it was funny that the four friends were arguing.A/N Hello. Thats the end of the first Chapter. Any suggestions, comments for the next chapter? I would be glad to take a look at them. Please R&R; your love/hate mail, because i'm interested to hear what random people think of this. Don't care if its negative or positive, just kinda wanna know. 
