Hey, this is the final multi chapter part to the Rebel Girl series. I've been working on it for a while, and then I put it down, but now it's here. It's quite a ride. Strap in.I love each and everyone of you.Rated M for language, themes, and sexual situations.I do not own any bit of the Harry Potter franchise.1997Runaway by Kanye West ft. Pusha TWhile shoving clothing into a box, Leia was interrupted by someone clearing their throat. She turned with her hand on her wand on instinctive."Honey, you have some visitors." Her mother said. Leia walked with her mother, down the stairs with her hand on her wand even after she saw Hermione Granger standing in her alcove with another man. Hermione looked nervous, but somewhat unchanged from when Leia had last seen her. The man next to her was mid-forties, tall, and a few scars on his face. He wore a dark brown, pinstriped suit that Leia admired. Something made her wonder if these were Death Eaters with polyjuice potion."Uh, hi, how do you know where I live?" Leia asked. She was scared, just like she had been for the past few weeks."McGonagall, of course." Hermione answered with nerves showing in her voice. She must have noticed how Leia's hand was in her pocket."And who are you?" Leia asked to the man."My name is Remus Lupin, I am here today representing the Order, and I thought it might be appropriate to bring along a familiar face." He said gesturing to Hermione."Um, do come in and sit down." Leia said trying to keep calm as she walked them into their living room. "I guess I'm supposed to offer tea, but I'm pretty sure we only have coffee.""Coffee sounds great." Remus said before sitting down on an antique velvet chair."I'm fine." Hermione said, attempting to be causal."Do you want cream or sugar?" She asked, pretending she was a good host."I'll take it black, thanks.""A man after my own heart." She said while walking into the kitchen. Her hands were shaking. These people could be death eaters. They could have terrible news. People she cared about could be dead. They had been so out of the news for the past few weeks that the war could have ended and she'd have no idea.Luckily they always had coffee brewing in the Allen household, so it didn't take her long to fill a mug for her guest. She thought of making one for herself, but then she would have a mug in each hand and not a free hand to keep on her wand. Hopefully everything was okay. Maybe the war was over and everything was normal again.She came back a moment later with coffee for Remus, and sat down in the chair that faced both of them. There was a silence for a moment as Remus took a drink that was interrupted by Luke walking through the room."Guests?" He asked as he walked with a medium sized box in his hands."Yup. Hermione Granger and Remus Lupin." Leia said, still trying to be calm."You look familiar" Remus asked Luke, to Leia's surprise."I feel like I've met you before." Luke said putting down a box to look at the man better."Oh, I remember now, you were in the train station and you didn't have any wizard money and I paid for your ticket.""Yes, I remember now, when I introduced myself you had already heard of Leia. And thank you again for the train ride.""You're welcome."Luke nodded, picked up his box, and left saying, "I'd love to stay and chat but I've got packing to do!"This must be Remus Lupin if he knew about this random event. A Death Eater wouldn't have known that. And that must be real Hermione, because with Lupin wouldn't go places with impostors. Leia sighed in relief and took her hand out of her pocket.When Luke was gone, Leia turned to her guests."So why did the two of you come to find me?" Leia asked."Well, as I said, I am here representing the Order. You've actually been a somewhat frequent topic of debate. We have been long aware of your talents in wizardry, teaching, and more recently healing. From what I understand you were a critical part in Dumbledore's Army. We are all very impressed with you." Lupin paused to find the right words. "To be honest, half of us want to offer you protection within our ranks and the other half don't trust you. However, after several debates, we have decided that you are too important to be left unprotected. There are a few safe houses left that we can offer a room for you."Leia sighed and let the words sink in. She felt like she was a somewhat trustworthy person, minus the whole murderer ex-boyfriend."What about my family?" She said in almost a whisper."Well, unfortunately, of the three safe houses that we do have, there would not be enough room for four people and two animals. However, as I can see, your family is moving. If they are moving out of England, they should be safe. We have no reason to believe that You-Know-Who's side has any interest in going after your family."Leia looked at Lupin seriously."Why, is there a Death Eater mailer that states their intentions for the next quarter?" she said.Lupin laughed, but mostly sighed."Snape has been our spy into You-Know-Who's agenda since before you were born, so that's probably better than a mailer."Leia had a hard time trusting Snape after he ratted out her Draco phase to Lord-Fucking-Voldemort. The embarrassment of last Valentine's Day had not been forgotten."So you have reason to believe they have plans to capture me?" She said trying to stay calm."Kidnapping you has been used as a threat to Draco Malfoy. Apparently he wasn't following instructions as well as You-Know-Who wanted, but now he is."Leia swallowed in slight horror. Bellatrix's words from last year echoed in her head."Where would I be living?""Probably with Ron's brother and his wife. It's by the sea.""I wouldn't be able to go outside, would I?""Outside yes, traveling around would be tricky.""Are there any other options?" Leia asked sadly."Well, you could tell us where you were going to live and Snape could lead them off your trail."Leia really didn't want to live as a captive. She didn't want to be a captive in the infamous Malfoy Mannor as much as she didn't want to be captive in Ron's brother's seaside house. But she really didn't want Snape knowing where she lived."I really don't want Snape knowing where my family and I are."Lupin looked at her curiously."Snape has been a very trusted member-""Oh, I know Snape's reputation. However, I do know for a fact that it was Snape who told You-Know-Who about me in the first place. So there are some trust issues."Leia had wondered if Snape had a personal issue with her, or if she was purely meant for blackmailing Draco. Either way, she wasn't fond of her former professor."Well, you can deny our protection, and the Death Eaters might find you or you could take our offer and Snape might tell the Death Eaters where to find you.""So I'm possibly fucked either way.""I trust Snape. It's not my problem if you don't trust him, but your whereabouts will be on a need-to-know basis."Leia sighed. She hated that she had to make this decision. She was only 17. She went with her gut."My family has some friends in a commune called Saint-Glen in North Western France. We'll be hiding there.""Is there an address?""We're living in a house, on a farm that is on La Roch, I believe, and I'm not sure they have house numbers. I think it's like a P.O. box kinda place.""How is your French?" Hermione asked, speaking for the first time."Terrible.""What will you be doing there?" Hermione asked."No idea, but, um, we are going under the name Stuart. I am Ashley Stuart, my brother Evan Stuart, my mother Olivia will be Alison Stuart, and my father Victor will be Robert Stuart. We are from Wichita, Kansas and are staying with our distant relatives, the Belaires, because we are running from the law. This is the plan Hugo Belaire came up with, and apparently this isn't the first time a family running from the law has come to Saint-Glen."Hermione nodded."I wish you luck." Lupin said standing up. "We really do need to get going."Leia nodded and led them out the door. Hermione waved a sad goodbye before they walked out. Leia whispered goodbye as tried to breathe.xoxoFirst chapter dedicated to readingfairy
