PrologueThe nightmares were back.At first, it was the old dream. The oldest dream. A woman screaming, a high, cold laugh, a blinding flash of green light - and Harry had woken with a start, his scar, for the first time in nineteen years, prickling with pain. He had done his best to ignore it. It doesn't mean anything, he had told himself firmly.The next night, Harry had dreamt of a glinting blood-red stone, and a man with two faces. Stress, he told himself. The next, a black-leather diary, a fifty-year old boy, and a pair of piercing yellow eyes haunted his dreams. Dreams. They're just dreams, he had reassured himself. Last week you dreamt that a fifty-foot tall Chocolate Frog was trying to eat you. It's nothing. Just dreamsThe next night, Harry had been back in the graveyard. Kill the spare, he heard the cry; a brilliant flash of green light, a glinting knife, a grunt of pain - and the Dark Lord was reborn. Pale spidery hands had reached out for him - Harry jerked awake, heart hammering, scar throbbing. Beside him in the bed they shared, Ginny slept on.The next day, Harry went to Hogwarts to see Dumbledore's portrait. To Harry's despair, the old man had been baffled. Mere echoes; that was all Dumbledore could suggest. Curses such as Voldemort's never truly healed, after all; these were simply the faintest of ripples on a still surface. What could he do, Harry had asked desperately. He knew, even if Dumbledore did not, that if something were not done - if this didn't stop - there would be more dreams to come. Painful dreams.But Dumbledore could suggest nothing. A glutton of death awaited Harry that night. Sirius, slipping behind the veil; Dumbledore himself, blasted off the Astronomy Tower; his killer, Severus Snape, his life flowing out of him through a hundred wounds; Mad-Eye Moody, Remus, Tonks, Fredmore faces than Harry could count.After that night, Harry was afraid to sleep.But, the next night, there was nothing. No old friends awaited Harry in his dreams; no family, no parents, murdered before Harry's eyes for the thousandth time. Harry had a peaceful, uninterrupted night's sleep; afterwards, he scolded himself for his panic. Voldemort was gone; all was well.It was two weeks later that he first dreamt of the tower. Jagged, charcoal-black, it jutted upwards from an outcrop of sea-blasted stone. Harry was sure he had never seen it before, but now it was the tower that dominated his dreams. Soon, it consumed his waking moments as well. He grew obsessed; every time he closed his eyes, the tower was there. Every time he blinked, every time his thoughts strayed, every moment aloneIt had taken him months to find it.Harry's feet landed on cold black stone. Icy sea-spray stung his face as he stared, disbelieving, at the tower that rose before him. It's real. It rose out of the rock like some twisted, monstrous flower; it seemed almost organic, ebbing here, flowing there. Parts of it were smooth, sleek, reflective; elsewhere were razor-sharp edges. The tower was midnight-black, starkly silhouetted against the roiling blue-grey sky. Electric-blue lightning crackled menacingly above Harry's head, but he ignored it. The real danger, his instincts told him, lay inside.It was beginning to rain. Harry hurried forward towards the tower, threading his way through a knee-high maze of jagged stone. The tower stood alone on this lonely outcrop - the mainland, barely visible through the rising, rainy haze, was miles away. Fishing boats occasionally passed by; however, Harry half-suspected that only he could see the tower. As he approached, the tower seemed almost to grow, looming over Harry, and suddenly he realised he could feel it. It felt wrong; the tower seemed to radiate darkness, and as Harry stepped forward into its shadow, he felt a familiar, unpleasant feeling. It was if, once again, he wore Voldemort's Horcrux around his neck. Nevertheless, he pressed on.There was no entrance. Harry circled the tower once, twice, three times, but there was no opening in the smooth black stone. When he circled back into the tower's shadow for the fourth time, Harry stopped. Tentatively, he stretched out a hand, placing his palm against the base of the tower. It was cold, surprisingly cold; when he pulled his hand away, an icy palm-print remained on the stone. Open, he tried to hiss in Parseltongue, but the words didn't come. That part of him - the part of Voldemort, embedded within Harry's soul - was gone, Harry reminded himself. So how was he going to get in?If only Hermione, or Dumbledore were hereDumbledore, he thought suddenly. This - the fluid, flowing black stone, the energy-sapping cold, the reek of Dark magic in the air - called to mind a similar situation; the cave, so long ago now. What was it Dumbledore had said? How crude with a flick of his wand, Harry conjured a knife from mid-air. Taking it in his left hand, he carved a thin slash in his palm. As the blood began to trickle onto the stone below, he wiped his hand across the stony surface of the tower.The stone melted away before Harry, revealing a pitch-black passageway. As Harry took an uneasy step forward, eerie-green lamps flickered into life, lighting his way into the depths of the tower. No steps led upwards, he noticed, stepping forward cautiously. The only way seemed to bedown. In the flickering half-light of the lamps, Harry could now see the patterns on the grey-stone walls; the decorative theme seemed to be snakes. Lots of snakes. Was he imagining it, he thought suddenly, or could he hear hissing? He was imagining it, he decided quickly. However - as a precaution - he pulled out his wand. The warm, white light it cast immediately eased Harry's nerves as he descended into the bowels of the tower.There were no doors. As Harry glanced from side to side, he saw nothing but stone. Not one room. Not a kitchen, nor a bedroom, nor even a broom cupboard. Nothing. Harry was beginning to suspect that Voldemort - for it was surely he who had built this tower - had had a very definite purpose in mind when he raised this monstrosity. And, Harry thought with a flicker of foreboding, he had the uneasy feeling that whatever that purpose was, it was awaiting him at the end of this passageway. Still, he pressed on, ignoring the ever-louder hisses that seemed to reverberate from the very walls. Voldemort was dead, he told himself. What did he have to fear?He soon found out. As he paced along the passageway, he felt a sudden, icy gust of wind, like breath on his face. As the wind hissed by, the flickering-green lamps suddenly winked out. That's OK, Harry told himself, as long as I have my - another hiss. Another breath of wind. And, suddenly, Harry's wand-light was snuffed out.Darkness. But not silence. The hissing was growing louder. It was difficult to tell, in the disorientating darkness, but Harry thought the snake was behind him. And it was getting closer. He had no choice - he began to walk forward, blindly stretching his arms out in front of him in the darkness. Harry lost all sense of time - what reference did he have? He kept walking forward, the hissing grew louder, and louder, and louder, and the darkness remained impenetrable.Suddenly, Harry's hand closed upon something soft. Unable to stifle a surprised yell, Harry leaped back in panic. Instantly, the hissing silenced. A sigh of breath on the nape of Harry's neck - and the lamps winked back on. He stood in a grand, subterranean chamber. The walls, composed of the same organic, flowing stone as the tower, reached up to a distant, stalactite-strewn ceiling. From the ceiling, a colossal limestone snake slithered down the walls, encircling the room, twisting its way down towards the ground. In the centre of the chamber was the head of the snake-statue, massive jaws spread wide, its eyes glittering crimson rubies. Chained in the jaws of the snake was a boy.Harry recognised him. Beneath a mop of jet-black air, the boy was pale-skinned. While young - no older than twelve - his handsome looks were already evident. His hands weren't yet the pale spiders they would become, nor was the nose reduced to a mere snake-like slit, but the eyesred, cat-like slits, they stared blankly into space. Harry had seen this boy before - in a memory. This was Tom Riddle. What on earth was he going to do?
