Alice stepped into the chimney and clearly spoke "The Burrow" before letting down a handful of floo powder. It was mid-summer before her sixth year at Hogwarts and even though she had not yet turned sixteen her parents had thought her old enough to look after herself when they went on a two week vacation to Hawaii. They planned to meet Luna and Rolf there. Hannah would be enjoying the muggle-side of Hawaii while Neville joined the Scamanders in exploring the coast for any new plants. While it was only a two week vacation Alice was getting a bit lonely even Nick her boyfriend was also away visiting his cousins. Nick Travis was an Irish wizard and a soon to be seventh year Ravenclaw. Alice and Nick had been dating for six months and even though Nick could be described as a bit of a know-it-all Alice admired his kindness, she also admired his looks which were quite attractive. Luckily Molly Weasley (the first) had owled Alice inviting her to a Weasley-Potter lunch.In a green haze Alice appeared in the Weasley's home."Alice! Dear, you've made it. How lovely to see you it's been too long." Molly said wrapping her arms around Alice as she stepped out of the chimney."Sorry Nan. Thank you for inviting me. Mom put Uncle Seamus in charge of the Leaky while she's away and he's been serving nothing but brunt meals.""Ha! Seamus has a bit of a reputation for burning things, doesn't he?" Arthur quipped as made his way down the stairs."He does." Alice agreed as she stood on her tiptoes to kiss Arthur on his cheek."Am I the first to arrive? I'm sorry I didn't realize it was so early." Alice said realizing no one else was around."Nonsense," said Molly firmly. You're welcome in this house as early as you'd like. Alice smiled Molly and Arthur were always so kind to her."Harry and Ginny will be here shortly."Alice's smiled dropped a bit. She hadn't see James all summer and she could already anticipate snarky remarks from him. On the positive side the Potters would have the two- year-old Scamader twins in tow because Harry and Ginny were babysitting them while Luna and Rolf were away."Can I help you with anything MollI mean Nan?" Molly insisted Alice call her Nan. Even Scorpius Malfoy called Molly Nan."No dear. Everything is just about finished. Arthur just finished setting up the tables outside. Why don't you just relax until the others arrive?""Okay." Alice wondered in the Burrow for a bit. She knew the Burrow up and down having spent countless holidays and weekends with the Weasly-Potter clan growing up. She entered into Ginny's old bedroom which now served as the most convenient guest bedroom because it was on the first floor. She and the rest of the Weasley-Potter girls used to share the room whenever there was a big gathering at the Burrow when several relatives would arrive a couple days early. The last gathering Alice had been to was Teddy's and Victorie's wedding last summer. She lay on the bed enjoying the smell of the freshly washed sheets. It wasn't soon after that she heard a car park right outside the window. She hurried over hoping it was Harry and Ginny so she could see Lorcan and Lysander. Sure enough it was the Potter Family. Harry waved at Alice and she hurried to the front room to greet them."Hi Uncle Harry and Aunt Ginny are the boys here?" Alice greeted them in the same fashion she had Molly and Arthur pecking Harry on the cheek and wrapping her arms around Ginny."Hello Alice. There outside with James. They've taken quite a liking to him."As ran into Albus as she tried to make it outside."Oh! Sorry Al! I'm such a klutz.""It's Okay. Sorry I haven't been in touch." Albus apologized as he hugged Alice."No problem." Alice replied nonchalantly.Though she suspected it had something to do with her and James' brawl at the end of fifth year. Alice didn't blame Albus for siding with his blood but he had always seemed to understand that Alice had no intentions of dating Hogwarts' arrogant golden boy. Even though James openly pursued Alice ever since third year when James had publically announced that all Hogwarts males should stay away from Alice or else, this had terribly humiliated Alice. Luckily for her Nick had asked her despite James' frequent and public efforts. Unfortunately James was not discouraged. It sickened Alice who knew too well his infatuation with her would end if she ever agreed to date him. They had a heated argument at the end of term when James captain of the Gryffindor Qudditch team had led his team to the Quidditch cup after a Gryffindor house party tried to kiss her. As a result she kept her distance from both the Potters and the Weaselys.Alice hurried past Albus not wanting to strike up a conversation that would most likely begin with Alice accusing him of being a traitor and end with Alice crying. Alice had inherited her father's strong will her mother's fiery temper. But, she like Hannah at a young age was also susceptible to getting a bit emotional at times.Next Alice ran into Lily. She wasn't close with Lily to say the least. Despite both girls having Luna as a godmother neither would describe their relationship as a close one."Hi." Alice said awkwardly."Hi Alice," Lily said politely "Having a nice summer?""A bit boring now that mum and dad as well as Nick are away." Alice replied. She always tried to make an effort when it came to Lily. She thought she owed to her parents' friendship with the Potters. However, it was quite impossible when it came to James."And how is your summer?""Fine, thank you. We were thinking of visiting Uncle Charlie in Romania.""That sounds like fun." Alice said hurriedly. She was anxious for the conversation to be over. "Well I'm going to go find the boys. I haven't seen them in ages."By ages she meant a week, but she adored Lorcan and Lysander they were like her little brothers. She had been quite ecstatic when she learned Luna and Rolf were expecting. Luna had even made Alice the twins' godmother despite only being fourteen at the time."Maybe we could talk later?" Alice suggested before running outside hoping she didn't come off as rude.The twins were nowhere in plain sight. She soon heard giggling and started walking towards the other side of the Burrow. The image before her was heartwarming. James was carrying both twins each seated on one of his hips with an arm around them. They were giggling and screaming as James chased around a couple of garden gnomes. Alice smiled temporarily forgetting her resentment against James."There are my favorite boys in the whole world!" She hollered gleefully. "Oh! I missed my boys so so much!" She ran towards them. "Come here." She took Lorcan from James arms and playfully kissed his cheeks."Awice! Stop it!" Lorcan giggled as Alice tickled his tummy."It's Alice." She corrected with a phony strict tone. The boys were still not able to pronounce their "l's" so she was Awice to them instead of Alice. She had it easy compared to Albus. The twins simply called him Bus."I didn't know I counted as one of your favorite boys Alice." James said with a smirk"You don't." She replied simply leaning over and kissing Lysander who was still in James' arms."Aren't you gonna kiss me?" James asked with arrogance.Alice rolled her eyes. This is what she dealt with on a daily basis. Little did she know what the future had in store in one short year the course of her life would change forever.
