Author's Note:Welcome to My First Story on Fanfiction!*cricket sounds*Okay! I posted this story upon the coercing of my best friend. It just started as a story I was writing in a car trip to try to keep myself from getting too bored. and then I just kept going.Oh! And Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or anything that was created by Ms. Rowling's lovely hands.Mercy and Oakley were sitting in Muggle Studies. Mercy was a muggleborn, and having no magical lineage, the course was a breeze. Oakley was admittedly a pure blood but just too lazy to take notes. Professor Burbage was certainly enthusiastic about the subject but neither Mercy nor Oakley found plugging in a lamp as super exciting as Burbage seemed to.Mercy brushed her red hair out of her face and glanced at her wrist to see if she had a hair tie, but no luck. She looked down at the parchment that Oakley had pushed into her side of the desk.Do you think we could get away with skiving off C.O.M.C. today? I'm really not in the mood to lose a limb to whatever monstrosity the lunatic wants to expose us to today. Mercedes smiled and shook her head. There was no way that she was skipping the class two times in a row; Professor Kettleburn might start thinking they were doing it on purpose.No way. If I'm going to get a detention I want it to be for doing something worthwhile. Do you want to sneak into the library after dinner?Oakley's face contorted in annoyance at Mercy's response. Care of Magical Creatures and then the library? Mercy was obviously trying to kill her.Oh come ooooonn! The library? Whyyyy!?I was actually thinking about stirring up some trouble, and seeing as you're bored I thought you could help me out. Ooh, sounds intriguing, what sort of trouble, darling?Oh, you'll see dear.Fine, but you have to tell me at lunch. And Charlie has to come too. Mercedes glanced at Charlie who was sitting across the aisle. He was diligently taking notes, notes that Oakley was sure to steal and make a magical copy of later. Crumbling up piece of parchment and taking aim, Mercy discretely threw it at Charlie's head while Professor Burbage was writing on the chalkboard.The paper hit the mark and bounced off the side of Charlie's face but then onto his desk. Charlie looked over and raised his eyebrows. Mercy mimed for him to unfold the paper. He rolled his eyes but did it nonetheless. Mercy pulled out her wand and muttered a spell while pointing the tip of her wand at first the parchment on her and Oakley's table and then at the now unfolded but still crumpled paper on Charlie's. Now they could communicate with Charlie without having to pass the paper across the aisle and risk the discovery and eventual wrath of Burbage.Charlie sighed and his eyes darted back and forth across page. And then he picked up his quill.Honestly, guys? Oakley grinned.You don't have plans. Might as well.Pleeeeeeeeaaaaaaasssssse?Charlie looked between the pleading faces of his two best friends and sighed. Fine after dinner, but you guys can't skip Care of Magical Creatures without me again. We are NOT skipping today."Oh come ooooonn!" Oakley said out-loud."Miss Milova, please pay attention""Sorry, Professor"Thank-You! Review Please!
