The Hunter or The HuntedChapter 1 Ferine Hall was never a cheerful place. It's dark, gloomy halls were laden with blood red drapes. The floors were paved with smooth, cold marble and upon the walls hung portraits of distinguished members of the Alexander family. Every door handle was fashioned from the finest Goblin silver, its purpose to repel any invading werewolves. This, however, is only a lasting sign of their ignorance, as it has no effect on carriers of lycanthropy.It is not a suitable home to raise a child. However, a small, pale little boy called this place home for many years, spending many of his days roaming the halls and trying to avoid the portraits of his ancestors.Demetrius Alexander didn't often take interest in his son, Castor. One of the two events in which Castor received his undivided attention was when they went to that large strange building with the black marble hallways and all the spinning blue lights. Castor always had a hard time remembering why he was taken there, but he was assured by his frequently absent father that it was nothing to worry about. The other time was during the special lessons, occurring on Saturday Mornings, about werewolves and how dangerous they were.The rest of Castor's time was spent with his nanny. She was perfect. Her name was Felicity and she always looked the same. Her glistening smile, her floaty, floral robes and her shimmering amber hair... She was the only warm person in Castor's life. Felicity disappeared the year before he was sent off to Durmstrang Academy. He had never felt so alone.But now he was returning to England for good to attend school with his sister; the sister he never knew existed and somehow has some sort of telepathic bond with. The sister who was what Castor was raised to hate. Despite this, Castor wasn't exactly un-eager to meet her and when he was sent to kings cross station to get her, he couldn't believe his eyes.When he first laid his eyes on her, she, along a pair of red-headed twins, were muffling their giggles behind their hands. Her hair was identical to his, as was her nose, and when her laughter died down and she opened her eyes, he found that they shared the same eyes. Her frail body was covered in numerous scars, clearly visible from her Quidditch tank-top. She was a werewolf. A murdering... evil... half-breed... But after seeing her, somehow Castor had a hard time believing she would, or could, hurt anyone.She was surrounded by so many people, that he was hesitant to approach her. His eyes never left her as she walked away, disappearing into the growing crowd."Castor Alexander."Castor would recognise that drawl anywhere. He looked to his side to see none other than Draco Malfoy; the most tolerable of the kids his father had set play dates up with. Draco held out a hand, a smile twisting onto his angular face. Castor took it and shook, smiling at him, and then his mother, who stood behind him, looking flustered."It's been a while," noted Castor politely."It has," conformed Draco with a slight smirk. "You even have an accent.""Eh, I'll lose it soon enough.""Oh yes," said Mrs Malfoy, now with the slightest of smiles upon her face. "Your father mentioned your transfer to Hogwarts. I can't imagine why you'd want to leave Durmstrang.""Well, it wasn't really a choice." admitted Castor. He shook his head, before forcing a smile. "I trust you'll show me the ropes come September.""Of course," replied Malfoy. "You come out with me and a few of my friends this holiday and it'll be like you've always been a Slytherin. It'll save you from accidently associating yourself with riff-raff.""I'll look forward to it.""Then await my owl." said Draco, before strutting his way away with his mother.Castor let out a deep breath, looking up at the large clock on the wall. He really should be getting home. Dad was going to kill him for letting Asteria go.It was 12th of July and Asteria Knight stood in Sugarplum's sweet shop, several weeks before Neville's birthday. Her trip to Diagon Ally was a spur of a moment decision and Mrs Weasley was probably going to murder her for going alone. Ever since she received the letter from Neville, letting her know his address and how much he was looking forward to seeing her again, she had been incredibly stressed. Of course, it was a lovely letter and everything, but she had no clue what to get him. He owned every Herbology book in Flourish and Blotts that was worth having and the plant shop had recently closed down. Damn Death Eaters  didn't they know Ash had a plant obsessed sort-of-not-really-boyfriend to buy a gift for? But in all seriousness, Diagon Ally was barely recognisable from Ash's visit a year ago. Its cheery atmosphere had disappeared and shops were closing left right and centre. Even Florean Fortescue's, where she had sat with Ron and Hermione and enjoyed the best ice-cream she had ever tasted, was boarded up.Ash left the sweet shop after purchasing a bag of Fizzing Whizbees for Neville  she couldn't understand how he liked them  and several bars of chocolate  a girl was needs. Now where to go next... She had already managed to get a present for Harry, he was so much easier to buy for; get him any Quidditch or D.A. related stuff and he'd be happy. She had ended up getting a flipbook of defensive spells and little flying figures of the Chudley Cannon Seeker and Chaser. Ash had even purchased a figure of the Falmouth Falcons' newest beater, Mandy Rosa.She let out a deep breath, before looking up and down the street, wondering where to go next. Next to the sweet shop was a shop by the name of 'Cranville Quincey's Magical Junkshop.' Well, she may as well have a look. She pushed open the door, causing the little bell to twinkle. She looked around the shop briefly, only to find no-one else was there. Ash started to wonder around the small shop, which was incredibly cramped due to the many unordered shelves of... well, junk. Wonky scales, leaking cauldrons and chipped old teacups lined the walls. Ash was drawn towards the back of the shop, where tattered books were piled up disorderly.One particular title on the spine of a particularly torn up book caught her attention; 'A vibrant study of Werewolves and Wolf kind.' Ash raised an eyebrow, unimpressed. But nonetheless, she tugged the volume from the shelf. It had a bright purple cover, with the silhouette of a werewolf charging round and round the bold font reading; 'A study by Darcy Reed.'Darcy Reed... why does that name sound familiar?"Goooooood Mooooooorning."Ash jumped in surprise, hearing the long, yet sudden, drawn out greeting. An elderly man, wearing large glasses and a pair of bright yellow robes, had appeared out of nowhere. He was beaming down at Ash, but after a moment, his smile faltered slightly."Have a seen you before? You look famil-""No." said Ash quickly. It was probably suspicious, but the attention from the shop keepers and shoppers was getting on her nerves. She'd received a far amount of media attention for the last few weeks, mainly in magazines, and it was getting a bit creepy. It was like she had become some sort of poster girl for werewolves, but all Ash wanted was for the stares and muttering to stop, good or bad."That book will cost you a knut," said the man eagerly, unfazed by Ash's interruption. "I am Mr Quincey. Is there anything else I can help you with?"Ash got the feeling he didn't get many customers."Er, well, do you have anything do to with Herbology?" Ash asked hopefully. "I have a friend-"The wizard suddenly turned and started hobbling away in such a fashion that Ash wondered how on earth he had managed to sneak up on her. He went behind the rickety old desk and peered into one of the many cardboard boxes stacked up against the wall. He started rummaging around, causing all sorts of bizarre noises to come from it.Then, all of a sudden, Quincey stood up straight and turned to Ash, hand closed on a black box."I know who you are." he said accusing, waving long, tin box at me."Er... you do?" Ash questioned nervously, backing away slightly."Yes... no..." Mr Quincey shook his head suddenly, like he had forgotten what he was talking about. Ash eyed him carefully. She really needed to leave. He placed the black, tin box on the desk."This came in this morning." He said, prying open the tin. "People normally just hand in boxes of random things... this was a good find."Ash cautiously approached the desk. Her eyes widened. Inside the box was a small plant pruning kit, probably made of silver. But what caught her eye were the tiny plant clippers. They were sharp, with the handles were engraved with different types of magical plants, all animated by magic. For several moments, Devil's Snare was squirming around the left handle, and then it faded and formed a howling mandrake."They're incredible." gasped Ash, putting the book on the table."Yes, yes they are." said Mr Quincey, placing the lid back on the box, picking both the box and the book up. He grabbed a paper bag from under the desk and placed them inside. "That'll be ten gallons."Ash raised an eyebrow. "Isn't that a bit extortionate?" she questioned.Mr Quincey pursed his lips. "Eight.""Four.""Seven.""Five.""Six.""Done." said Ash, dropping the gallons on the desk with a smile and picking up the bag.She left the shop as the man called cheerfully, "Come again."Ash grinned, stepping out into the street. Well now she had both boys sorted. She considered going back to the burrow... but another idea popped into her head. Maybe she should stop by Fred and George's shop for a surprise visit. Max would be there after all.Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes was the only shop which seemed to be doing well, despite the fact it had only been open a week or two. It was painted a garish orange and featured a large head of either Fred or George upon its roof, which had been charmed to raise its hat every so often. Several posters featured in the windows for their most popular products.She couldn't suppress a grin when she entered the shop and found it bustling with excited teens. She made her way through the brightly decorated shops, ducking out of the way of occasional Fanged Frisbees. Eventually she spotted two identical men, both dressed in outrageous magenta robes, joking with another young man, wearing a pair of more professional brown robes. Well, upon closer inspection, the brunet didn't seem to be that amused."Come on, lighten up Maxie." cooed Fred, poking his friend's face."Yeah," cooed George, starting to prod the man's left shoulder. "Business is booming. A successful guy like you-""-you'll find someone else soon enough.""What are you talking about?" piped up Ash.The three friends jumped and Fred and George whirled round to face her."Scar-face!" cried the twins in unison. Ash raised an eyebrow, before rolling her eyes and grinning."Nice shop, it looks like you're doing every other shop here out of business." Ash noted jokingly."Did you come here alone?" asked Max disapprovingly."Nice to see you too." noted Ash sarcastically, crossing her arms. "And yes, I did.""Asteria..." sighed Max."Ooo, full name. Am I in trouble?"Max wasn't able to suppress a slight smile. He reached forward and flicked her forehead."Ow! Why does everyone keep doing that?" she whined, rubbing her forehead."What brings you here anyway?" asked Fred. "I thought you were all coming in a few weeks.""Well yes, but... I needed to get some other stuff." she admitted, feeling her face grow warm.Fred and George raised their right eyebrows in unison, whereas Max leaned forward, arms folded."It's dangerous to come out on your own these days." he said. "You know that. What was so important that-?""I was getting Neville's birthday present." Ash said quickly, slightly embarrassed. It wasn't exactly the conversation she wanted to have with her brother and his best mates."I thought you weren't together any more.""We're not." replied Ash huffily. "Not that it's any of your business.""So you've come to us for advice?" asked George with a 'far too pleased with himself' grin. Fred wore the same smile.Ash snorted. "Merlin no, I don't want him poisoned. Anyway, I already brought something. I just came to visit Max.""Rude." noted Fred and George in unison."Mr and Mr Weasley," All of a sudden, a pretty blond woman appeared from behind one of the shelves. "There's a problem with the Pygmy Puffs. They've... well... started biting again.""Ah," said Fred, drawing a long contraption from inside his suit jacket. It looked like a very over the top fly squatter. "Lead the way, Verity."Verity and Fred sped off down the aisle."What on earth..?" questioned Ash blankly."Pygmy Puffs. They're specially bred Puffskiens," explained George. "But they're still teething at the moment...""Well yes that, but it was more surprising that you got someone to call you Mr Weasley.""Bloody cheek." grumbled George.Ash grinned, before turning to her brother. "Anyway, what were you three talking about earlier?""Nothing." said Max quickly, as George replied, "Katie."Max shot him a glare, to which George shrugged. Ash frowned slightly."Katie Bell? Is she ok?"Max sighed, scratching his forehead. "We're not together anymore.""Oh." Ash frowned. She plunged her hand into her bag and brought out one of the bars of chocolate. She passed it to Max and smiled. "Who needs girls when you can have chocolate?"George laughed as Max rolled his eyes, took the chocolate and pulled his sister into a hug. "You're such a fricking goofball."Ash grinned, but the suddenly, something between the two of them started to glow and vibrate. Max and Ash separated, looking down in confusion. Ash tugged the chain from around her neck and pulled the pendent from under her shirt. Her half-moon Antinus-Lupus pendent was glowing. One of them was near."Ash..." started George."Nothing to worry about," said Ash in a forced, calm voice. "I'll go straight back to the burrow, ok? Say goodbye to Fred for me.""Wait Ash!" cried Max, but Ash was already leaving the shop with no intention of returning to the Weasley household.Ash looked up and down the street, trying to catch sight of any bright silver light. She ran down several blocks, turning a corner. What she saw next made her freeze to the spot.A group of teens started walking in her direction. The group was led by Draco Malfoy... but there was only one member of the group who caught her undivided attention."Knight, you're contaminating our air." drawled the cruel, cool voice of Draco Malfoy.Behind Malfoy were Crabbe, Goyle, Pansy Parkinson and a teen with eyes identical to hers. They had never met, but despite this, he was the most familiar. His eyes never left hers as he pulled a glowing half-moon pendent out from under his shirt. Why the hell was he with Malfoy?"This was the sort of riff-raff I was talking about, Castor-" He snarled as Crabbe and Goyle smirked and Parkinson started doing her weird high-pitched laugh. Malfoy trailed off, spotting the pendent around Castor's neck.His eyes widened. He looked back at the pendent around Ash's neck."But that's like the one your father..."Ash finally found her voice. "You're... Castor..."Castor stepped forward and held out his hand towards Ash. Malfoy shoved his hand back."You can not be serious." snapped Malfoy. "She's a werewolf, one of Potter's lackeys and obviously a thief if she has that necklace."Castor hesitated, before glaring at Ash. Ash's eyes widened, taken back by the sudden look of hatred."This is Asteria Alexander." he said coldly, looking back at the gang of Slytherins. "My twin sister who my father failed to mention existed. Suddenly he wants her back in the family. I guess he already gave you your pendent."Ash stared at the boy for several moments, before glaring back. "I'm not part of your sick family and my name is not Alexander. What are you even doing here? Shouldn't you be studying to be the next Grindelwald or something?"Castor looked like he'd swallowed his tongue."Ignore the psychopath, Cassie." squawked up Pansy. Merlin, she was annoying. "I suppose we all have that one in the family to be ashamed of.""How would you know that, Pansy," snarled Ash. "I always imagined that every member of your family is as foul as you are."Pansy screwed up her face angrily, looking distinctly like a sneezing pug. She was about to reply, before Malfoy stepped in."Talking of family," snarled Draco, a malicious look now in his eye. "I heard from my aunt about how you screamed."His aunt. Bellatrix Lestrange. Ash twitched, remembering not only how much agony she was in, but the torture of hearing Neville in pain."I've had worse." bit back Ash, gritting her teeth. "That's the thing about being a werewolf. The Cruciatus curse is nothing compared to it.""Oh, I didn't mean that," said Malfoy with a cruel smirk. "I meant when she put the mutt down."Sirius... Ash knew that he just wanted a reaction, but she couldn't hold herself back. She dropped her bags and without thinking, she grabbed his collar and slammed him up against a boarded up shop window. Pansy screamed and Malfoy started whimpering."Talk about Sirius like that again and I will make sure that you suffer." Ash growled. She hadn't even realised that she had started crying, but large, warm tears were spilling down her cheeks. Goyle decided it was time to step in and seized Ash around the waist, pulling her away from Malfoy. Malfoy fell down to the floor, overdramatically gasping for air."You think you're so high and mighty, but all you are is a pathetic little boy with an evil father." howled Ash furiously, starting to pound her fists against Goyle's beefy arms. Her feet were a good few inches off the ground and his tight grip was starting to hurt. "Sirius was a good and brave man, but I guess you'd never know anything about that. You are your father are just as pathetic as each other.""Take that back!" yelled Malfoy, as he was helped to his feet by Castor and Pansy."Bite me, shit face!""Excuse me." said a calm, familiar voice.And there stood Remus Lupin. Ash's first reaction was relief, but when she spotted that definitely not calm look in his eye, she realised how much trouble she was going to be in.Goyle seemed to have gone completely dumb because he was still keeping a firm grip of Ash, staring at Lupin, whereas Pansy had caught Malfoy's arm and was starting to whisper nervously into his ear. Castor had fixed Lupin with a hard stare and Crabbe was just looking as stupid as ever."Gregory, if you will please unhand Asteria, it would be greatly appreciated." said Remus, in a dangerously calm voice.Goyle immediately moved his arms from Ash's waist, causing her to fall to the cobbled floor with a thud."Ow." she grumbled.Remus stooped down, picking up Ash's shopping bags. "Asteria, come on." he said forcefully.Ash stumbled to her feet, kneecaps aching. Remus led the way and Ash followed, well until..."Pansy was right; she's complete psychopath." taunted Malfoy loudly. "But I expected that. She looked up to that lunatic mutt after all.""Don't." implored Remus softly, laying a hand on Ash's shoulder as she started to grit her teeth. The Slytherins were laughing now. The horrendous noise was ringing in Ash's ears.But still Malfoy continued. "He'd be chasing rats by now, if my aunt hadn't killed him. It was just the pruning the family tree needed. Maybe next time she could knock off a few Weasl-"Malfoy didn't have the chance to say anything else. Ash attacked Malfoy without a second thought.A/N: So sequel, yay! Please review, follow or favourite if you enjoyed... or if you hated it, tell me why. Thank you! 
