I do not own Harry Potter only the idea of this story please review seeing as this is my second story only.Another year has passed at Hogwarts for one Harry Potter; this year had by far been his worst and best. During his 5th year had managed to 1. Piss off the new DADA teacher who was a foul woman from the Ministry, 2. Secretly created a DA class and taught many useful things to students, 3. Get rid of the DADA "frog" lady and the most important one that almost coasted him his godfather- getting tricked by lord Voldemort into going to the Ministry and having to get saved by the Order only for Sirius to almost be getting killed but thankfully he was mist just by a tiny bit.The big downfall for Harry is the secrets that have been kept from him; the truth of his life. It seems that Dumbledore paid Molly Ron, and Ginny along with the Dursleys to be his friends and to be treated horribly at home for the "Greater good". They betrayed harry as he fled and ran all the way to the dorms, collecting everything and racing to the train. Harry couldn't believe that all 5 years he was being tricked and lied to, purposely being kept in the dark and oblivious to anything around him.After the train ride and once he was home, the beatings and chores began. They started out small and grew to where he was barely able to finish them AND have dinner finished by the time his Uncle Vernon got home.The pain started shortly before his birthday. It had been a horrible day that day; chores, cooking, and of course beating until he couldn't move. He stared at the clock waiting for the clock to say Midnight; his birthday and the day of his inheritance.11:55 pm 5 minutes until his birthday, his body hurt still from the beating he received from his uncle Vernon. Harry laid there in pain, waiting.5...4.32..1.The clock struck midnight as a blazing pain racked Harry, the pain felt like he was on fire, his blood boiling from the sheering heat. Harry drifted in and out of the painful haze, writhing, twisting and screaming, though it seemed as if his screams went unheard. No one cameand no one complained either. Harry felt himself grow weak as his throat ached and his voice grew hoarse with all the screaming. The pain was worse than even the Cruciatus curse several times over and Harry could remember that moment all too well. His magic waned and dribbled away and Harry was helpless to stop it from leaving. He felt a terrible coldness seep into him like there was ice in his veins. His mind was too befuddled to properly process that, but it didn't stop more tears from welling up in his already burning eyes. There were things shaking and a bright light that seemed to cover the entire room. He snuffled into the thin sheets of his bed and that was it before the pain grew too much and he collapsed on the cold, wooden floor and blacked out.When Harry woke again, he wasn't sure how much time had passed. He was relieved to find that his body no longer protested every movement or thought and doubly happy to note that there was practically no pain left at all. He yawned and stretched up from the floor and found himself making up the bed before the rest of his sleep-fogged mind caught up to him. It was cold in the room and he wasn't wearing anything. A scowl presented itself and Harry rummaged around to find a new shirt, shorts and pants. He found socks last and slowly put them on, wondering what had happened to his pajamas during the night. He'd seen a few small scraps of fabric as he'd made up the bed, but nothing big enough to verify that it had been his pajamas. He sighed. An urge to get to the bathroom made itself known and he padded over to the door and tested the knob.The locks were open and he pushed the door out, stepping into the hall. It seemed about midday, if his guess was accurate and Harry made his way to the bathroom, listening carefully for any sound from the Dursley's. He heard none. He slipped into the bathroom, feeling rather smug with himself and went about his morning business. He stood in front of the sink, washing his hands when he finally caught sight of his face.He wasn't wearing his glasses.Bright Avada Kedavra green eyes stared back at him, green eyes with black-cat-like slit pupils.Harry choked. The garbled, strangled sound seemed stuck in his throat and Harry bent to splash several handfuls of cold water on his face. When he surfaced again, the reflection hadn't changed. In fact, Harry was sure he could see even more changes now.His creamy skin was even paler than he remembered and his messy hair that was now to the middle to his back curled at the tips and was the same dark brown but now with blood red streaks as well. His ears were now slightly pointed and a black/silver tint seemed to run all along them. He reached up, tentatively stroking the colors, shocked when his fingers touched, cool, small scales. They were icy to the touch and they rippled as he stroked them, first one ear and then the other. Panic nearly set in, but as Harry began to worrythe scales faded into his skin right before his eyes. Harry ripped off his shirt and stared.The familiar battery of scars and bruises from Uncle Vernon's weekly "Punishments" were gone. Even the few scars he'd accumulated thanks to Voldemort were conspicuously absent. Harry swallowed. He was, by no means, a vain person, but a certain thrill ran through him as he took in the smooth, unblemished skin. He admired himself for a minute, before he realized the soft, dark shine glow that came to his skin. Careful examination showed that he had the same black scales decorating his sides. As he focused on them, the scales grew more prominent and he could see how well they covered his body. From the tops of his shoulders, his arms and then the sides of his torso and his back and then they disappeared into the waistline made by his pants. Harry hummed to himself as he shimmied out of the rest of his clothes to see what other secrets his body had to show him. More colorful scales of red, silver, and green were shown on the sides of his torso or even reaching the tops of his shoulders. Scales ran along his legs; black scales with silver ran all over his legs and up to his hips. A pleased sound rumbled in his throat and Harry found himself smiling at his reflection. A smile that melted away to a look of horror when he realized that a fine smattering of colored scales now decorated the sides of his face and neck and his hands had turned into strong, pointed, claws, he opened his mouth and found sharp fangs that could lengthen or shorten at will once he figured it out. On his forehead were two thin silver colored horns that curled back gently touching his head is it went to the back of his head there the point was barely sticking out amongst the dark mess of hair. The squeak that left his lips was quite undignified, but Harry was too startled to speak. No sooner had he realized the reality of his claws, before he felt his feet curl and then his socks were shredded away and Harry realized that even his feet had morphed the tiniest bit to show the powerful claws.He stared in awe.Two large, scaled wings had burst from his back and the last traces of any human skin had been swiftly covered by the black with red and silver colored scales that created a beautiful blend together as the wings were spread out. Harry stared for a while then instinctively Harry worked to pull them close to him and to stretch and soothe the appendages. He found himself slipping into a strange sort of daze as he his time slowly moving the wings. The very process seemed to do wonders for the winged appendages as he was able to spread them almost all the way out and back They remained painfully sensitive and it wasn't until Harry worried how he'd hide them that he saw them shrink and recede into his back, creating a wing pattern tattoo on his back. Harry stifled a moan as he felt a flicker of himself return. Strange things always happened to him. If he didn't know better, he'd think he was turning into some dragon-wizard hybrid.A twinge of unease registered at that and Harry hurriedly dressed and retreated to his room. Harry quickly packed everything that he cared for; opening the cage he let his beautiful companion Hedwig out of her cage."Alright girl, I need you to go and fly around, I'll meet you at the leaky cauldron ok girl?" Hedwig gave a hoot and gently nipped my hair and took off. Harry grabbed everything, walking down the stairs and out the door he didn't even glance back at the place he called hell for 16 years.Meanwhile at the department of Ministry 2 figures walked out of the Veil; a males and a woman by the look at it."James?" "Lily?" the two that called to each other looked at each other and smiled realizing that they are back. They had missed 16 years of their child's life. They looked at each other before they disappeared into smoke heading to someone they can trust. not one person noticed the two walked out of the Veil, and not a single person realize that there is going to be Hell.
