Disclaimer: Everything belongs to J K Rowling and I do not make any money from writing these fanfictions. September 1st 1966.As a light chill and breeze of wind swept with King's Cross station, Narcissa darted through the crowds holding onto her mother's arm. The breeze swept through her long blonde hair, causing it to fall gracefully over her shoulders. Her father Cygnus, pushed the trolley that supported her trunk that contained her school belongings.She started walking more quickly as her mother walked faster towards the barrier which secretly contained platform nine and three quarters. She looked at her mother nervously and Druella gave her a reassuring smile as they stopped in front of the barrier. With her mother, she watched as Bellatrix and Andromeda went through the barrier first with their trolleys and then Cygnus shortly followed.Narcissa looked up at her mother once more and Druella nodded to indicate that the two of them should walk through the barrier. She followed her mother's lead and beamed when she saw the scarlet steam engine waiting for the students to get on board. The two of them followed Cygnus, Andromeda and Bellatrix through the crowded platform and started to load their possessions onto the train."Right now Narcissa, you have everything you need?" asked Cygnus.Narcissa nodded, "Yes father, mother made me double check before we left the manor." she replied.Cygnus smiled and kissed her on the forehead before taking her hand and helping her onto the train."Good girl, now keep out of trouble." he said sternly."Yes father." she smiled."And stay away from those muggleborns." hissed Druella.Narcissa nodded obediently at her mother as Cygnus shut the door and she leaned out of the window."Your sisters shall look out for you." stated Cygnus.Once more, Narcissa nodded but remained silent. Today was the day she was starting her education at Hogwarts School, the day she had been looking forward to since they had first dropped Bellatrix off at the platform four years ago. She had been upset when it came to Andromeda starting the school but Druella pointed out that she would be attending in two years and those two years had flown by in a flash. They had gone to get her school supplies a mere two weeks ago and the past two weeks she had dreamed about nothing else except the train journey on the Hogwart's Express.The whistle blew and the last few students scurried onto the train, doors shutting loudly further along. Students chattering away and waving goodbye as the train slowly began to pull out of the station. Andromeda and Bellatrix joined her in waving goodbye to their parents until they rounded the corner and the platform was no longer in sight.The three sisters walked back to the compartment that they had chosen to sit in and it wasn't long until Bellatrix announced that she was off to find Rodolphus Lestrange, the boy she was currently sleeping with. Narcissa thought that her eldest sister was shameful, all three of them had been brought up to know better than to give away their virginity before they were married; but the moment Bellatrix turned thirteen she had other ideas. Narcissa assumed that their parents knew that Bellatrix was the more rebellious out of the three of them and although Cygnus had accepted it, Druella looked down on Bellatrix with disappointment, feeling like she had failed with Bellatrix in her teachings of how women in pure-blood society should behave."Droma?" asked Narcissa quietly.Andromeda looked from the window to her and smiled."What is it Cissy?" asked Andromeda."What subjects do you take?" she questioned."Well I'm in third year so I've had to take on additional." answered Andromeda."Like what?"Andromeda sighed, "I've taken Arithmancy, Care of Magical Creatures, Muggle Studies-"Muggle Studies?" hissed Narcissa, feeling mortified that her sister would even consider taking the subject because of their upbringing."Oh hush Cissy!" replied Andromeda."Do our parents know you've taken that subject?" she asked."I told them it was because I wanted to learn more about them in order to help our world put them in their rightful place.""But that was a lie?" Narcissa questioned."Truly muggles and muggleborns aren't bad. I've actually spoken to a few-The door to the compartment opened and in stepped a second year boy with blonde hair that fell to his shoulders."They aren't bad? Surely a Black didn't just say that." the boy tutted."Malfoy." hissed Andromeda.The boy smiled wickedly, "Tut Tut Andromeda, My father says that the Black girls were taught better." he replied.Andromeda glared at him and then left the compartment without saying goodbye to Narcissa. After a few moments of awkward silence, the boy turned to Narcissa, sitting on the bench opposite her."Youngest Black girl right?"Narcissa nodded, "And you are?" she demanded.The boy chuckled, "Lucius Malfoy, my father works with yours at the Ministry." he introduced."Narcissa."The boy nodded slowly as he took in her name, "Not a star?" he questioned.She shook her head and looked out the window, Lucius continuing to stare at her."It suits you." he complimented.She turned back to face him, her eyes questioning his motives to being alone in her compartment with her."Don't you have friends to go to?" Narcissa questioned.Lucius shook his head, "I will go to them when I wish." he replied curtly."I wish to be alone."Lucius chuckled quietly in an amused way, this started to make her feel annoyed. She didn't want to socialise with a boy who by presence and looks alone, made everyone know that he was more superior than them. She could tell that he loved the way that people would look at him awe and that many people wanted to be him. She didn't want to be anything like him."If you wish to be alone, Miss Black, then I suggest you leave." he sneered.Narcissa rolled her eyes."I was here first Malfoy, mine and my two sister's belongings are in here so I'm staying." she replied."Suit yourself." said Lucius with a smirk.She nodded curtly and turned her gaze back towards the window, watching as they sped past fields full of sheep. Narcissa began to feel slightly on edge as she could sense that the Malfoy boy was continuing to watch her. Deciding that she couldn't simply take her mother's advice on this one and let the matter pass and ignore the boy, she turned back to him."What is it you want?" she demanded."I'm just curious as to whether you share your older sister's views on those inferior beings."Narcissa exhaled sharply before replying to his curiosity."Certainly not. They are worthless, disgusting pieces of vermin who stole what is rightfully ours. Our world should remain to pure-bloods only, not these mudbloods and squibs. My aunt keeps a family tree at her house in London, those who are a disappointment to the family are burned off and disinherited. I certainly do not wish that to happen to myself so I will only marry into the finest pure-blood family with my father's approval."Lucius nodded in satisfaction and cleared his throat."You are going to be a most worthy Slytherin.""You think so?" she asked.He nodded once more, "I know you will not be a disappointment to our house like your sister is if she truly believes what she told you." Lucius answered."I do not know where she gets those stupid beliefs from.""I'm afraid it's because we have an oaf like Dumbledore for a Headmaster, he is a big supporter of muggle and muggleborn rights in our world." he drawled."Personally, I believe that Slytherin himself had the right idea when it came to educating students." replied Narcissa.Lucius smiled widely."I believe Miss Black that you and I will have a lot in common." said Lucius."What year are you in Mr Malfoy?" asked Narcissa."My second." he replied.Narcissa nodded and found that she didn't mind having Lucius Malfoy sit with her after all. They chatted more about pure-blood society and subjects at Hogwarts and how Narcissa was looking forward to learning more about potions and History of Magic. Lucius found it fascinating that she had already read Hogwarts: A history and had even bought more history books that weren't part of her curriculum until third year. Wizarding history had always fascinated Narcissa since she had received history lessons from a private tutor when she was a little girl.The lunch trolley came around and Lucius bade her goodbye to go and find his friends, it was when she was tucking into a chocolate frog when Bellatrix returned to the compartment with their cousin, Evan Rosier. Evan was their only cousin on their mother's side of the family, the sole heir to the Rosier fortune. Evan was the spitting image of his father, muddy brown hair and eyes to match, a strong squared jaw and a crooked nose. There was nothing about his mother in him, except perhaps the ears. His ears stuck out a little but his seemed relatively normal when he was stood next to his mother; his mother had often been compared to an elephant because her eyes were so big. Evan was the same age as Lucius Malfoy, now that she had come to realise it."A little birdie told me that little Cissy was talking with the Malfoy boy." teased Bellatrix.Narcissa blushed a light shade of pink as she finished eating her chocolate frog."Oh Bella, we were only conversing." she insisted."Hello Narcissa." said Evan."Hello Evan, are you well? It's been nearly four weeks since Aunt Natalia's brunch.""Very well thank you Narcissa, my mother passes on her apologies that she couldn't see you off. How have you been keeping?" asked Evan."Quite well, I am very excited to finally be attending Hogwart's." said Narcissa brightly."You'll love it Cissy." replied Evan."But I'd stay away from Malfoy." sneered Bellatrix.Both Evan and Narcissa turned to face Bellatrix."What ever do you mean Bella?" asked Narcissa."He's everything a pure-blooded male should be, in fact; he's the most superior to all pure-blooded men. But Cissy, I wouldn't ever get my hopes up for more than an being an acquaintance of Malfoy's. He'll be a fine man when he becomes of age but he'll never give his heart to anybody. You my sweet little sister, have always been a hopeless romantic with ideas of falling in love and marrying the love of your life. And Cissy, Lucius Malfoy would never be able to give you that." Bellatrix explained."Surely Bellatrix you realise that Narcissa just met my fellow roommate? That Lucius is nearly thirteen and has years ahead to decide when it comes to love and marriage?" asked Evan.Bellatrix rolled her eyes."Dear cousin, I do realise that but people like Lucius will never change. I do not want my baby sister to get hurt if she crushes on Lucius Malfoy.""She's only eleven, she still thinks that boy's are disgusting specimens." Evan pointed out.Narcissa coughed and the two of them turned their attention back to her."Evan I do not think that boy's are disgusting specimens, if I did I would not associate with you even if you are my cousin. Bella, you are awfully sweet to look out for me but like Evan said, I am only eleven years of age and do not think about my future life yet." said Narcissa.The driver announced over the tannoy that they would be arriving at Hogwart's shortly and with that, Bellatrix shooed Evan out of the compartment in order for the two of them to dress into their school robes privately. Andromeda returned just as Narcissa was buttoning her robes and helped her sister change into her own school robes.The train pulled to a stop at Hogsmeade station and once more the driver announced that their luggage would be taken up to the castle. The students piled off of the train and began walking towards the dark pathway that would lead them to the castle."First Years, First Years over here." called a deep and loud voice.Narcissa looked at the giant man who was holding a lantern, causing her to look at Andromeda. Her sister merely smiled and gave her a parting hug before explaining that the first years went across the lake before the sorting ceremony. Narcissa nodded and bade both her sister's goodbye before lining up with the other first years she would be getting sorted with.The trip across the lake was marvellous. The lanterns lit up the castle turrets and made them look mysterious, sending an excited chill from the top of her neck all the way down to the bottom of her spine. She couldn't wait to get into the Great Hall. The giant led them into the entrance hall of the castle and handed them over to Professor McGonagall who explained how Hogwarts worked and then led them up the aisle between two of the house tables inside the Great Hall. It was then that she felt truly nervous as she felt every single eye of sorted students watching the group of first years stand in front of the staff table at the top of the hall.The sorting hat was old and ragged and burst into song which she didn't really pay attention too, her gaze went to the blonde haired boy she had met on the train hours previously. He wasn't paying attention to the sorting hat's song either, he was staring back at her through stormy grey eyes. As Professor McGonagall started calling out names of students, one by one they rushed off to one of the four tables after the hat declared aloud what house they were to be in.She knew deep down that she would be in Slytherin, her whole family had been for generations but there was still the worry that she could be the one to break the family tradition of Slytherins."Black Narcissa." called Professor McGonagall.Narcissa took a deep breath before gracefully walking up the few steps to sit on the stool. The hat was dropped onto her head and covered her eyes so she couldn't see Bellatrix and Andromeda watching her. After a minute of silence the hat screamed: "SLYTHERIN!". She smiled widely at Bellatrix and Andromeda as Professor McGonagall pulled the hat off her head and she skipped over to the Slytherin table, noticing that Lucius seemed rather pleased that she had been sorted into the right house.A/N: Hope you like this first chapter, please let me know what you think. And please, if you haven't already, check out my other Lucius and Narcissa stories. 
