This is my first story. Warning boyXboy. If you don't like that stuff then don't read. I hope it is good. I don't own Harry Potter or Snow White and the Huntsman. J.K. Rowling and Warner Brothers own Harry Potter. Evan Daugherty owns Snow White and the Huntsman. Enjoy the story!Once upon a time there was a king whose name was James Potter. One day in winter his wife Queen Lily was walking through the garden when she saw a red rose still in bloom surrounded by black wood. She reached out to touch the rose until one of the thorns got her finger. She watched as a single drop of blood hit the snow. She saw the beauty in it. She wishes for a son that has hair as black as that wood, skin as white as snow, lips as red as blood, and the strength of that rose. She got her wish nine months later when she gave birth to a son. He was everything she has wish for and more because his eyes was green as her favorite gem emeralds. She named him Harry James Potter. Harry was a very kind boy. He was very playful and always played with Ginny Weasley. But when Harry was six everything changes for his mother becomes very sick. The doctors think she will not last long. She is bedridden for two months before she finally dies. The whole kingdom morns her death but the King and Harry took it the worst. No one saw them for two months. A black army attacks the kingdom is when finally the people see their king again. He gets his army ready for war and rides out to meet this enemy. When he arrives to the battlefield he sees thousands of soldiers ready to fight to the death. The two armies ran toward each other with swords drawn ready to kill. As they meet each other the sound of metal hitting metal could be heard for miles away. The black army started to win until one of the king's man swing his sword and cut thought the enemy. The enemy crumbled into black crystals.He cries out"They are not real people!"The King's army fought harder and harder until they win. When the dust cleared out all they saw was crystals and a carriage. The King slowly walks toward the carriage with his sword ready to fight. He opens the door and saw a person chained inside. It was a man with brown hair and blue eyes. The king thought to himself that this the most handsome guy he has ever seen. The kings also forget his sorrow for his wife.He asks"What is your name? We are here to save you." The man replied "My name is Tom Riddle and thank you. It is horrible here."King James unchains him and takes him back to the castle. He ask Tom to became his queen and he accepted...
