Disclaimer: Harry Potter does not belong to me. Published: 23/2/2014Father told me that the marriage contract with the Peverell is just simply a proof that the Greengrass are truly one of the Most Ancient of Houses. The contract itself is in old latin! Besides, the name for the groom is stated in the contract-though it is constantly changing. Right now though, it reads "Dumbledore", "Riddle", "Dumbledore". It is a very weird contract. I asked my father of how this contract is ever to be realized if it is this specified-his answer was simply that my ancestors designed the contract to profit themselves as much as possible, so much so that the Peverell line had ended and yet the Greengrasses are still making waves in this world.Father told me that the three names refer to the three artefacts of the Peverell, the famed Wand, Stone and Cloak. The wand is rumoured to be the strongest wand ever crafted, always the strongest in term of sheer strength-it is said to multiply the caster's strength to more than a threefold, making the magics casted fairly stronger than the average capabilities of the normal European witches and wizards. The owner of the Wand is always changing between famed witches and wizards throughout the ages-before Dumbledore, it was Grindelwald, an infamous Dark Wizard that Headmaster Dumbledore beat in a duel. Father told me that the wand can only change owner by means of duelling-only the best of wizard (or witches) can master the Wand.The stone is said to be able to call upon the soul of the dead, though the truth behind it is largely a mystery as no real research had been done upon it. The stone, before owned by the muggle named family "Riddle" was owned by the Gaunts, a family who are all parseltounges- the purest of the Slytherin's descendant. They were a very proud family, of their heritage, but somehow along the years, they fell from grace, and died out.The cloak of Ignotus Peverell, is said to be the best invisibility cloak ever to exist-its ability to give invisibility does not get reduced over time, but is said to be inherited from father to son. It is a fact known to the Greengrasses that the Potters are one of the families who have the purest Peverell blood in their body as the ownership of the cloak had rarely changed name throughout the years. Even though right now it seems to belong to Dumbledore, previously it was owned by the Potters.With how things are going, I doubt that the contract is to be fulfilled any time in the near future, and hopefully will not affect me as the eldest of the Greengrass children. I personally do not want an old man, neither the Headmaster nor his brother the Goat wizard. I believe it goes without saying that I will not accept this lowly "Riddle" as my husband. I'd kill him before he owns all three of them. Potter though, is a possibility that I wouldn't want to reject-at the very least, he is of the same age as me. Let's just hope that the cloak returns to him soon.Even after saying that, I am with the opinion that this Harry Potter is in a dire need of education in many things. He is such a vulgar and uncivilized wizard-just how can he be so muggle even with that kind of family background! Oh if he truly becomes my future husband, he has a lot to learn.It doesn't really matters though. I was just overthinking about the contract. Father says he doubts that there will be any changes to the names in the nearest time though. Besides, next week's Christmas holiday! I can't wait to meet Tori, there are so many things that I'd want to tell her about.The name's changed! It reads "Dumbledore", "Riddle" and "Potter" now. I can't believe myself that Potter is a possible candidate now, I mean, father said that it will not happen as quick as it did! Oh, I don't even have any Christmas presents for him, what am I going to do!Pull it up together Daph, you're not some lowly witch.A lady like me won't be this excited over things like this. Though I believe a mail to him would be more than enough. Maybe I'll be his friends while subtlety teach him proper behaviour of a wizard oh his station. That would be acceptable I suppose. I just have to bring this idea to father then.Why am I this worked up over the small changes? Ergh.It was the best Christmas ever! The invisibility cloak is surely the best! Now I can explore the castle as much as I want! Maybe I can find a lot other things other than the mirror. I'll go for some exploration first before going back to the mirror-there seems to be so many classrooms and passages that I am yet to venture to, oh I'm so excited!The mirror though is a one of a kind thing! I got to see my family! It feels so nice even if the only thing that I can do is just to stare at them. I mean, I never did see their faces before.I really wish that I can get to know more about them. Seeing their faces is really great, but I still don't know much about them. Maybe I can look around the castle for anything that might be connected to them? Like a trophy or something of the same sort perhaps. I guess I can go explore the castle some more-tonight, after Ron sleeps maybe.Harry Potter was enjoying his life, not knowing that a certain Slytherin is now eyeing him-as such are the nature of men.This is it for my first entry of my first fic. I wrote this because I feels that there is not enough HD fics around. err, more like not enough new ones or constantly updated one. I was so desperate to read a HD fic that I decided that I have to write one myself. I hope that you all can help me improve my writings and give me suggestions.I have a rough idea on how this story is to go, but I am not exactly sure on how to write it.Thanks for your supports, Azr.
