"Hello, Fred," I called quietly as I pushed open my front door. The front door opened into the kitchen, a wide room with enough space for the counters and pantry, as well as the kitchen table just in front of the door.Fred was my unofficial flatmate and best friend, and had been for the better part of three years. He was usually there when I got home from work, and sure enough, this evening was no different. He was sitting at my kitchen table as though he had nothing better to do than wait for me, a weary smile on his face when he saw me. "Hello," he replied. "You're late tonight." He pushed his hand through his short red hair, a show of helpless dissatisfaction."I know. I got caught up again, I think we might be getting close to something." Officially, I was unable to discuss my work with anyone outside of the people I worked with. Unofficially, the line of what I could and couldn't tell Fred was very blurry, especially since he sometimes worked with us. I closed the door behind me and stood there for a moment, studying him. "You look very tired," I remarked. "What happened today?""I went and saw George today." That explained it. Fred didn't get tired anymore, not really, but seeing George always made him feel just a little worse, made him look so weary."How was it?"He shook his head, and I could see the frustration tucked away in his brown eyes. "Frustrating. I wish he would talk to you.""I know," I murmured. Not coincidentally, George had refused to speak to me since his twin had started staying with me. I slipped my shoes off and moved through the room, placing my wand on the table when I got there. "He has too much pain in his heart, still."He nodded, looking just a little helpless. "He's doing alright, though, business is going really well for him. There was hardly a time that the shop wasn't absolutely full of customers. And I got to see Lee for a little bit." A quick smile, just a brief break through his morose countenance."That's nice." I took off my Ministry robes and laid them across the back of a chair before settling myself down opposite him. I rested my elbow on the table and my chin in my hand. I'd had a long day, too. "How long has it been since you've seen him?""A few weeks. He's been promoted and he's been pretty busy. I always told him he could run that place." Pride and frustration now battled in his brown eyes. "How was your day?""It was fine. Productive, I think we're very close to working this out." I watched him closely as I continued. "Daphne wants to know if you can come back and work with us again on Friday. It's Tuesday just now." He had a hard time keeping track of his days, and this would leave plenty of time for him to make a decision.He didn't take the time, I hadn't really thought he would. "Of course," he replied quickly. He loved coming to see me at work; I knew he thought Daphne was very pretty. And he got to 'speak' to her in a limited fashion, which he really enjoyed. "We should go out Friday night, after work." He liked people-watching, too. His lips quirked into a sly smile. "Unless, of course, you have plans." Teasing had been a part of who he was since before I'd known him, and usually it made me smile. Sometimes it didn't."You know better than that," I replied lightly, ignoring the flash of pain in my heart at the question.The smile turned into a frown. "I don't know why.""You do know why," I corrected softly, staring intently where my hands were clasped loosely on top of the table. "My reputation precedes me." My reputation hadn't grown any better since school, in fact I rather thought it had grown worse. I was used to living a very lonely life, but some days were harder than others."Luna..."I squashed down my self-pity as best I could and looked up into his frowning brown eyes. "I think my self-pity does me a disservice. Where would you like to go?""We could go to the cinema." I could still hear traces of guilt in his voice. He loved the Muggle cinema. He'd insisted I get a Muggle television and had helped me work out how to run it without electricity, but going to the cinema was one of his favorite things in the world. He said it was because he got to pretend to be just like everyone else around him and forget what had happened. And it was one of the few places I could get out where there would be a concentration of people that I didn't end up with the feeling that my head was being split open from the inside."Can you find your way there without me?" We hadn't been in some time, and he found it very difficult to navigate on his own. He nodded, though. "Tomorrow, why don't you see what they're showing and choose something you want to watch, and we'll go as soon as we finish with work. Would you like me to ask Daphne to come with us?"The sly smile was back, though with maybe just a bit more mischief in it. "Would you?" In addition to enjoying being around Daphne, going to the cinema with her meant that we could have a seat between us for him, and we wouldn't have to worry about anyone else taking it. That always made him just a little uncomfortable, and me too."Of course I would."His face broke into a broad grin. "I could get someone else to come too, make it a double date."He was teasing me again. I'd quite become used to the way Fred teased, but I answered him seriously anyway. He was only half-teasing, after all. "We all agreed that it would be best if it just stayed as you. Word spreads quickly; it could be very bad for everyone if this got around." Especially me."I know." There was another flash of guilt in his eyes for just a brief second, banished quickly when he gave me a rather pointed look, turning the attention back to me. "Have you eaten?"It was more a reminder to eat than a question as to whether or not I'd already dined. He knew me well enough to know that I probably hadn't. I had a habit of getting so wrapped up in my work that I forgot to eat. Fred had established himself as my keeper, though, and he made sure I ate at least twice a day when I was home. Sometimes, he came to my office in the early afternoon to check on me there, too, and remind me to leave my office long enough to ask Daphne if she would get me something to eat.I moved past him to get myself some food, and his hand brushed across my hip just for a moment. When I looked over my shoulder at him, he gave me cheeky wink in addition to the suggestive grin on his face. "Fred..." I wasn't complaining, not really. I knew that him teasing me made him feel better, at least a little bit. I had to smile at the look on his face. "You'd better be careful, or you'll fall out of the chair," I told him in a singsong voice. We'd had a conversation about his casual flirting some time ago. It genuinely made him feel better and it was an ingrained part of his personality, so I didn't mind too much. He told me it was therapeutic, and I really couldn't argue with him. He was my best friend. I wasn't likely to get that kind of attention from anyone else, and I found it a little flattering."Worth it." In just a moment, he'd risen from the chair and was standing behind me, peering over my shoulder as I reheated a bowl of stew with my wand. "Stew again?" he asked. He knew the answer even before I'd stood up to get it, but he was mostly teasing me again."It has everything in it, and I can forget it for a little while and all it does it get thicker." I'd filled the flat with smoke from burned food on more than one occasion."That's what I'm here for."I turned to give him a gentle smile over my shoulder. "You're not here all the time, are you?""Might as well be for all the interaction I get elsewhere." I could hear the frustration in his voice. His mood changed so quickly now, I wondered if he'd always been this way. His hand hovered at my side and I took it and squeezed it for just a moment before releasing him.I picked up the bowl and took a spoon out of my cutlery drawer before retaking my seat at the table. "I know you like seeing your family."I heard the pained silence, his lack of words saying more than any statement he could have made. "I do. I just wish...""I know," I told him quietly. "I do too." None of his family wanted anything to do with me. Even Ginny, who'd been an especially good friend to me before that final battle, she said that being around me hurt her too much, and she couldn't do it. That was what had turned the most of the rest of her family away from me. She'd always been particularly close with both of her twin brothers, and when I'd told her about Fred's presence in my life, it'd had rather the opposite effect than I'd thought, than I'd hoped it would. She was the youngest of her family, the only girl, and everyone else was quick to jump to her aid.In fact, almost none of my former friends wanted much to do with me anymore. Hermione said things like, "I know you think this is real, but can't you see how much you're hurting them?" Harry just got that angry shine in his eyes and glared. Only Neville still talked to me, and I think that was partly because he felt guilty about what he had seen happen to me. I didn't know why, it wasn't like there was anything he could have done about it."I should go," I heard from behind me. There was a brief touch on my shoulder. "I just wanted to make sure you had some dinner."I nodded. I'd suspected this was coming, it had been just about the usual amount of time since the last time he'd left. "Will you be back tomorrow?""Who else is going to make sure you eat your breakfast?"I had to smile at that. "Goodnight, Fred." And then he was gone, and I was completely alone. I started to eat.Almost three years ago- two years and ten months, to be more precise- I'd been sitting beside Neville in the ruins of the Great Hall at Hogwarts. A large chunk of the crumbling castle had fallen onto my head. Neville felt guilty because he thought he should have thrown up a shield charm or something like that, but he'd just been through a lot, and I hadn't even had the presence of mind to do it. I certainly didn't blame him.As a result of that hit, I'd lost consciousness for a moment, and when I woke up, I had seen Fred standing helplessly beside George, unable to do anything to comfort his twin. He was very dead.I'd gone to him to talk to him and George had... Not taken it well. He refused to believe that I was able to talk to his recently deceased brother. I'd been taken away to St. Mungo's to ensure that my head injury wasn't too bad, and Fred had gone with me. Seeing George hurting so much hurt him, and he was fascinated with the fact that I could see and hear him when no one else could.From then on, he'd stayed with me most of the time. It had been a little awkward when I'd returned to school to finish out my final year, but he'd been very helpful with my homework. I'd refused to let him help me cheat on my N.E.W.T.s.I'd tried a few times to act as an intermediary between he and the living members of his family, but the rest of them hadn't taken it any better than George had. Ginny, especially... I hadn't spoken to any of them in over two years.After school finished, I'd become an Unspeakable. Rumors had gone around about me, and Daphne Greengrass had turned up at the school after my final exam, just as I was wondering where I was going to go after school let out for the year. She'd made it clear that she was willing to believe me, and so I'd taken a job at the Ministry as soon as the boats had returned us across the lake. Now I was studying death. Fred... Fred was very dead, but he wasn't a ghost. Instead he'd managed upon something called a 'soul window,' and he could bring his soul back and forth between here and what was beyond the Veil. And when I'd been hit by the rogue piece of castle, it had knocked something loose so that I was able to see his soul. Everyone's soul, really, but everyone else kept their souls pretty close to their bodies.He'd figured out how to focus himself into being corporeal enough that he could sit in chairs and stand on floors, and additionally to that, he could make small parts of himself corporeal for incredibly short amounts of time- just a few seconds. We'd tried that in an effort to get George to believe that he was really there, but I'd been accused of doing it myself and had almost been hexed on my way out of the shop. I think the only thing that had stopped George from hexing me at that point was that it might have completely destroyed the shop, and the one connection he still believed he had with his brother.Every so often, Fred had to return beyond the Veil. He said it was something to do with recharging. If he didn't go voluntarily, he would just disappear for about a week. The first time it had happened, I'd been terribly worried about him. I'd been very relieved when I'd seen him again, sitting on my bed in my Ravenclaw dorm.I'd almost been committed to the Janus Thickey ward in St. Mungo's by my former friends at one point, but Daphne, fellow Unspeakable, had interceded on my behalf. She was one of a handful of people who believed that I was actually communicating with Fred's soul and not just terribly injured in my brain. That was the last time I had seen most of the people I had used to consider dear friends. I didn't mention Fred to anyone else, anymore. At the top end of things, it was put on the same level as my former belief in nargles, at the bottom end it was seen as a cruel ploy for attention.Daphne was my only other friend. Neville was pleasant towards me, but I didn't really count him as a friend anymore. We barely spoke, but he did smile when he passed me in the Ministry or at St. Mungo's. That was better than the anger and hate. It frustrated Fred a lot, and I know he carried around a certain amount of guilt about it. It wasn't his fault, though, I was the one who had tried to talk to people about it.I finished my stew and washed out my dishes, preferring to do it myself than to get my wand from the table to do it magically. I did get my wand to dry them, though, and put them away before passing through the flat to my bedroom. I'd come home late as I quite often did, and I was ready to just fall into bed and get some sleep. It was a little hard to fall asleep without Fred in the same room now, though. Most nights he stayed, sitting beside me on the bed and watching the television. He didn't need sleep, as least as far as I knew, but he knew I still had nightmares sometimes, and he liked to stay with me when I did so that he could wake me out of them. Most people didn't know what had happened to me when I'd been incarcerated at Malfoy Manor, that what had happened to me had affected me as much as it had. Even Mr Ollivander, who had been there with me, who had patted my shoulder and comforted me as much as I would let him, didn't know precisely what had happened. There had been some pretty horrible things enacted on my body. I hid them behind the pleasantness most of the time, but it can be hard to hide from things in your sleep.I used my wand to flick the television on anyway, even through Fred wasn't there to watch it. I turned it down and left it on his favorite channel as background noise. It helped a little, my room seemed a little less lonely with the quiet voices filling the silence, but my large bed was still very empty. I'd tried to get a cat during one of his longer visits beyond the Veil to help keep me company, but it hadn't gone very well the next time Fred's soul had shown up, and I'd had to find the poor thing a new home where everyone's souls were firmly attached to physical bodies.I undressed and slipped under my lavender duvet. I didn't like being alone. When I'd been at school, even though the other girls in the Ravenclaw dorm hadn't really spoken to me, they'd at least been there. Sleep didn't come for a while, my mind had a hard time being still when I was so alone.
