A/N this is a Harry Potter fan fic based on the idea that the Dursleys would have never kept Harry they would have thrown him out the first time they got the chance. The'word' represents thought, word is animal speak or author note while word is parseltongue. Please note that animal speak is different from parseltongue as parseltongue is solely snake speak and only snakes can understand it. Snakes can still speak animal speak. Parseltongue is also commanding while animal speak is conversation.Chapter one: The WarningHarry Potter was like many nine year old boys. He enjoyed being outside, he was running everywhere, and he loved animals. His reasons, however were all his own. He enjoyed being outside because he couldn't be emotionally abused. He was always running because his cousin, Dudley, was trying to ground him to a pulp. He loved animals because they were good company. They talked to him and he talked to them. He never knew why or how he could talk to them, but he never questioned it for he feared it would go away and he would be alone. You know the old saying, "you don't look a gift horse in the mouth." There are three that harry could call his friends. There was Grimrr the cat who was a proud warrior, and was a little rash, tended to speak with his claws (or lack thereof). He had been the leader of his tribe but it had been wiped out by a rival tribe leaving him to be the lone survivor. Ico the snake was a small but powerful warrior, but actually thought things through. He also was the leader of his tribe which, thanks to him, was the largest in the forest. There was also a raven called Nyx. She was quiet when she needed to be, but quite talkative around people she knew. She was a loner, an animal without a tribe. The three and harry would talk about many things although harry liked Ico the most.It is during one of these conversations, when was off hunting, that our story begins. "I still don't see why you don't let me destroy them" purred Grimrr. "What could you do, you have neither venom in your fangsss nor clawsss in your pawsss,"spoke Ico, "our young could do more damage than you.". "Enough, Grimrr we are not attacking them otherwise I'll be punished" Harry reasoned. They both knew it was true, they had seen it happen on many occasions. Harry quickly changed the subject. "guys, it happened again" Harry said. "what wasss it thisss time, blowing the fat one up?" Ico asked hopefully. "No I was running from him and tried to jump behind a trashcan, and next thing I know I'm on top of the roof of the school," Harry explained. "they didn't give me a punishment, which is weird." Harry said mostly to himself. "I may have the answer," Chirped Nyx overhead, startling the group. "Why" Harry asked. "it seems that your caretakers have declared you the runt," she said causing gasps from the rest of the group. Being animals, they had a tendency to talk using terms like that. In the wild, when a youngling was too small they would often times kill the runt. "they're going to kill me?" harry asked shakily. "no their plans are to take you to the place-of-tall-homes" harry recognized this as London. "when" was all harry could say. "The day after tomorrow" chirped nyx softly. "I ssspeak for all of usss when I sssay we shall follow you," hissed Ico. Harry sighed 'day after tomorrow huh. Great, my 10th birthday.'A/N this story is going to be updated regularly hopefully on every other week. I am also running a contest starting now. The winner will get to be a very minor OC, will receive the next chapter as I complete it instead of every other week, and will become my beta if they want. If they don't choose to beta I still need one. Sorry if this chapter sucked, but it is my first fanfic and as I said I don't have a beta. The contest is to name where each of Harry's friends came from. Please note that none of them came from the same place, and all of them came from literature. I would prefer if you P.M. your answer to me but I will accept answers in the comments section. Answer in this format Ico= Nyx= Grimrr=Read and review
