A Father's Second ChanceA Father's lossNote: I do not own Harry Potter. I never have and never will. This is just for fun and relaxation.The door was flung off of it's hinge as it shattered into the house. He knew that the bastard had come for them. How the crazed maniac had found them was unknown. They were supposed to be safe! They had done the Fidelius Charm as Dumbledore had told them to. They had even switched from Sirius to Peter as secret holder to throw everyone off. They had prepared in every possible way. But the bastard was still here. James looked up determined that the Dark Lord was not going to get his son without a fight!James yelled upstairs for Lily to grab Harry and run for it. While he knew that if the bastard was here most likely apparition and portkeys would be blocked it was worth a chance they had made a mistake. It would be up to him to give them time to execute the escape plan or stall for the Order to arrive. It was a slim hope that they would get here in time. How he now wished he had listened to his father's advice years ago and never leave the safety of the Manor in times of war! In his heart James had little hope that he would survive the night.The distinct flash of spells outside had stopped as he could feel the wards around the outer perimeter collapsing. He could feel the dark aura of the man approaching their home. There would be maybe a minute before the fight for his life, and more important Harry's started. God damn whomever overheard that prophecy and told the Dark Lord! Someday he would find them; someday he would castrate them, skim them alive then toss their remains as they bled out into a pit of salt!A swish of the wand from James called out the three golems build into the sides of the staircase and walls of the chamber. Each of the golems were built to be neigh indestructible, the best transfiguration he had ever done! They were built of solid magical stone and enchanted for strength and resistance to numerous spells.Next James flicked his wand again and wordlessly and at the opening the doorway small spikes each with basilisk poison arose from the ground. Turning next towards the couches he transfigured them into dangerous tigers with razor sharp claws ready to tear apart any that might get in their path.The first sight of the pale skinned man was imposing as the aura of dark magic swirled in a sickly green around him. The fact that magic was pouring from the man into plain view of the naked eye was astounding. It was only an occurrence that James had seen twice in his life so far, but he doubted after tonight that there would be a fourth. The man was tall, close to six feet in height with pale skin. He had dark blood red eyes that seemed to radiate power and wore expensive silk robes.At the first sight of the Dark Lord James flicked his wand and silently summoned a blazing light before the man. Hoping that it would blind the dark Lord, he next charmed the rememants of his door to rise into the air and strike at Voldemort.Voldemort grimaced at the burning light for a moment blinded before he felt the piercing of the wood into his side and robes, "Are you going to give me a splinter Auror Potter? You should know I don't play pranks child."With the words spoken the Dark Lord slashed his wand in the direction that James had been standing as he shot forth a Killing curse.James couldn't help his marauder side laughing as he dodged the killing curse aimed at his head, he pictured Voldemort in the back of his mind pranked by Sirius with his bald heard sunburned with skin pealing. He shook off the picture and decided to get serious. A smirk came over his lips as he returned fire popping up from behind the kitchen counter with three dark cutting curses expertly placed followed by a blasting hex at the Dark Lord.Voldemort easily sidestepped the curses letting then let the blasting hex be absorbed by his powerful spell shield. James felt the swish of the man's wand release its power as it toppled two of the defensive golems with an unknown spell. A curse sprung from his lips as it had taken three months to create each of them and they lasted twenty seconds! What the fuck? The softly spoken voice of the Dark Lord Carried throughout the home, "You do not need to die James Potter. I am only here for the child and the mudblood. There is too little pureblood left to end another ancient house. Give them up and I will let you live."A smirk again crossed the lips of James as he leaned over the counter and tossed another trio of overpowered Reductos at the Dark Lord, "I will never give up my child to be murdered!"James saw Voldemort bat away the spells with his hand, using wandless magic to remove the threat. The spells burst into the final golem sending it flying back through the wall into the gardens. James couldn't help but wonder why his Auror training couldn't give him anything useful to seemingly use as he flicked his wand and the carpet next to Voldemort came to life as a squid and wrapped tentacles dripping with acid around the legs of the Dark Lord. A second wordless flick of the wand called two bookshelves reinforced with steel to fly from opposite ends of the room and slam into the body of the Dark Lord.Potter couldn't help but grin as he heard a slight groan escape from the collision but it was short lived as the shelves melted before his eyes. The steel ran like a river down the body of the Dark Lord onto to pool into a sheet of liquefied metal that was glowing green. James spotted with pride that the nose of the Dark Lord was broken as blood leaked from the face of the man. But, he was distracted from those thoughts as the steel reformed into a pair of metallic snakes that started to slither towards James.James slashed his wand at the twin metallic threats as the serpents were blasted with a pair of hexes banishing them across the room and through the wall into the gardens near the golem. Yet the distraction to James was high as he was hit at the same time by Voldemort's wandless Stupefy. The thought crossed his mind that it was ironic that he was brought down by a light spell as he froze up, his wand falling uselessly down to the ground at his feet.Voldemort's lips twisted into a cruel smile, "You have amused me Potter. For that I will let you live to know the torment daily that you failed to protect your family. You allowed your child to die. You will lose your mudblood. Enjoy that fate boy."The pale skinned man raised his non-wand hand and pulled a single finger in a come hither motion. James was flung from his feet as he body was pulled over the countertop sailing at near broom speeds towards the Dark Lord. He felt the hand, cold and slimy with blood wrap around his neck squeezing the life from his body.The last vision that James Potter would see would be Voldemort raising his wand up to eye level before hissing a spell. A blast of light filled his vision coming from the wand then darkness, blessed darkness as he faded away.Nine Years LaterThe body of John Doe had remained unconscious for nine years sitting in a high security ward in Royal London Hospital. The chamber was a room ten by ten foot in size and contained a single bed. The only articles in the room were the muggle heart-rate machine, breathing machine and multiple IVs to keep the patient sedated and alive. The area had been placed under a Fidelius Charm and only those designated by the employer were able to enter. To the entire world Muggle and Magical this room and it's occupant did not exist. The orders of the two staff members that were allowed into the room were clear, the individual was to be kept secret permanently. An unbreakable oath had been used to obtain this silence.Normally a person kept in a coma for a long time would wither away in bone and muscle density. But, strangely John Doe never wasted away, he seemed to hardly age at all as he laid there. He still appeared to be as handsome as the day he arrived with looks of early twenties, short ruffled black hair, a wiry build and chiseled chin. Despite his good looks though Jon Doe had been a vegetable for nine years, laying unmoving living off of the machines he was plugged into.Elsie Bennett was a squib and under orders to watch the room's night shift. It was an easy assignment and a well paid assignment. She was officially Head Nurse of the special chambers of the Royal London Hospital. A nice title for a boring assignment where nothing had happened in all the years she had been here. All of her previous occupants prior to John Doe had lived the rest of their lives unconscious and slowly withered away. She expected Mr. John Doe to the same sadly someday. She rather hoped that day would be far off, since she rather enjoyed to give him the nightly sponge bath. Elise was a little lonely and disturbed, but what squib wouldn't be growing up surrounded by magic and unable to use it?So it was a surprise to Elsie Bennett when she was at her monitoring office five floors from her special patient when the Heart Rate monitor went off to the hidden room. This was a rather huge surprise as she had just checked the man an hour before and he was in perfect health according to her inspection. Her surprise grew when she noticed the failure of each of the other devises in the chamber one by one. Unfortunately there was no camera in the room, the employer never wanted to have any possible film of the subject to leak out after all. Else it would it have been perfect blackmail material for Elsie to use.Elsie was around thirty five years old; she was in relative good healthy standing around five foot seven and filling out her nurse outfit perhaps a bit too much around the middle. Still she was not ready for the desperate run up the five flights of the back stairs or sprinting down a small forgotten service hallway like a mad woman to the chamber. In Elsie's mind it could only have taken her ten minutes at most from the time of the alarm to arriving at the doorway of the room. Hence it was a complete surprise to the woman when she saw the wires hanging down from the sides of the bed. A bed that was most importantly and disturbingly empty! John Doe had disappeared from the protected long term ward and her employer was going to be pissed!He sat there under a invisibility cloak staring at the little house. It had taken a month to track down this house. He had called in every possible favor that he could think of and still had to make threats to try to find it. The advantage of being "dead" is when you showed up alive normally people would answer questions. He had to be careful though with whom saw him, or whom found out he was alive. He had left a trail of forgotten memories that he might someday need to apologize for. But, the most important thing was the boy living in this little house. He was supposedly hidden from the Wizarding world and safe here. But, James knew better. James knew the heart of these people and it was dark, darker then perhaps the Dark Lord himself towards those of his nature. So far in the day he had been there he had seen the boy he wanted to rescue outside mowing the lawn, raking the leaves, cleaning the garden. James could see the bruises that were on his arms and legs that others might miss. He could see the pain that was in the boy's soul from here. And soon he would find a way past these blasted blood wards and get his son back. Of yes, soon the Dursley family would understand why you do not Fuck with a Potter. James had one goal in life and that was to get Harry back and make certain that nobody ever harmed his boy again!
