Here's another story! I hope you all like it! Please read and review! This story has Mpreg in it, so if you don't like it don't read!Disclaimer: Characters and original plot lines belong to J.K. Rowling. I only create my own fun stories with them."Another great save by Wood! He is unstoppable tonight! If he continues at this rate he'll break a Quidditch World Record!"The crowd screams as Oliver blocks another quaffle, nearly falling off his broom to do so. He grins and waves quickly at the crowd, causing another scream."The snitch has been sighted! Both Smith and O'Reilly are after it! It's gonna be a close one! And it's O'Reilly giving Puddlemore another victory and moving them into the semi-finals!"Oliver cheers and joins his team on the field."Nice job, Nell! That was great!""You too, Oliver! You were on fire tonight! What's gotten into you? You take some potion or something?""No," Oliver says, "I'm just excited. I'm happy, well rested, I don't know! I just feel great!"His teammates congratulate him and they go to the locker rooms. Oliver quickly showers, grabs his stuff and walks out. He scans the now emptying arena and smiles when he sees Percy. Percy waves and hurries over to him."You played really well, Ol. Semi-finals! I'm so proud of you!"Oliver hugs him, "Thanks, Perce. I was surprised when I saw you in the stands. I mean, you haven't been feeling well lately.""I decided that I wasn't going to let my...illness get in the way of coming to see you play.""Aw, thanks Perce."Oliver kisses him quickly."Come on, let's go home."Percy takes Oliver's hand and they apparate to their little flat in Diagon Alley."As wonderful as you played today, you need to be more careful. I saw you almost fall tonight." Percy says."I know. That quaffle was a little more to the left than I thought. I'll be more careful though, I promise.""Thank you. I need you to be here and not recovering from a Quidditch accident. I can't...I just need you to be extra careful.""What are you going on about? You've never been this concerned about possible Quidditch accidents before. What's on your mind?"Percy grabs Oliver's hands, "So, we've been together for about three years now. I mean, I know we're only twenty-two, but I think it's safe to say we're in a commited and good relationship."Oliver quirks his brow, "Where are you going with this?""I saw the Healer today.""What'd she have to say? Do you have some strange muggle illness?""It's strange alright, and rare, but definitely not a muggle illness.""Well, what is it? Will you be okay?"Percy looks up at Oliver with bright blue eyes, "Oliver, in seven and a half months you're going to be a father."Oliver's jaw drops and his brown eyes widen."Ol?"Oliver blinks, "What did you say?""I'm pregnant. We're having a baby.""Bloody hell. Is that possible?""Yes. It's very rare but some male wizards are capable of having babies. I mean, all male wizards can with potion but without it's extremely rare. I think there's only eighteen known male pregnancies, including mine.""Wow...we're having a baby..."Oliver sits on their couch, "I can't believe it."Percy sits next to him, "Well, you've got more than half a year to believe it.""So, what do we do now?""Well, we need to tell our parents soon.""How about this weekend, we invite our parents over for dinner and tell them?""Sounds wonderful."Oliver kisses the top of his head. He touches Percy's stomach lightly."I can't believe our baby is in there.""Me either.""I love you so much, Perce.""I love you too, Ol."Percy cups Oliver's face in his hands and kisses him lovingly. Oliver wraps his arms around him and deepens the kiss."Percy Weasley."Percy cries out and pushes away from Oliver. He stares at the bright patronus two feet away form him."How the hell did that get in here?" Oliver asks."I don't know, but that's...Adam's patronus. He's Kingsley's assistant.""Percy Weasley, we need you at the Ministry immediately. Mr. Shacklebolt has been assassinated."Here you go! I know it's short but I promise future chapters will be better! Let me know what you think!
