Disclaimer: Harry Potter is under the rightful ownership of J.K. Rowling and Warner Bros. All mentioned characters, organizations, places, and such material is reserved to the creators of it. This disclaimer will apply to later chapters as well, but reiteration will not be present. This story was inspired under the enlightenment of a snippet of a challenge, a dream of a twisted society and nation on the brink of immutable war, and a photograph of a man. With such factors Pawn was conceived and brought forth to the world for judgment. This story, was also, inspired by Little Seer by HuskyWalker. My intention, of course, is not to plagiarize from this story but rather to use an idea similar to it.Updater Note: This is a Work In Progress and will remain to be so until completion and revision. I'm estimating the overall weight of this story to measure to 250,000; though it may prove to be more. Chapters will be posted once they are complete or the 5k mark had been breached. I apologize in advance for spelling mistakes, grammatical errors, or anything else of that nature  without a Beta at hand, and little time to extensively check each chapter many times over, mistakes are inevitable.Resources: The Legacy of Nazism: The Economic and Social Consequences of Totalitarianism byFrank Munk.The Speeches of Adolf Hitler (April 1922-August 1939) by Norman H. BaynesVol. I Nazism, 1919-1945: A History by J. Noakes and G. PridhamThe Holocaust: Death Camps by Tamara L. RoleffNazism: An Assault on Civilization by Van PaassenWarning: Slash (not till later, but a major plot component), violence, child abuse / neglect, attempted rape, major and minor character deaths, mentions of incest, genocide, scenes of dehumanization, suicide, and drug w/ alcohol dependance. Please be aware this story relies heavily on angst as it will play into the theme of war and murder. If your expectations were of a story to cuddle up to without graphic descriptions of the warnings prior listed, than this will not suit your taste in the slightest. Anyhow, reviews are always appreciated so please do so. Enjoy.Chapter I."Now there has come the sad realization that hate cannot be extinguished overnight." Robert F. Wagner.I"We all know what makes us strong. It was not mechanical organization, it was no external confession of the lips which sought to reason, but the strength which lies in the idea of our Movement, the strength which has won over thousands and hundreds of the thousands of hearts. Some call it understanding, others call it instinct to survive what cannot be changed, and we call it faith in what we hold to be true. What we have achieved on this day is stupendous, and with it a future of greatness has been forged. However, the future will continue to demand sacrifices for our very world itself will no longer be based upon on a doctrine of indolence, but a doctrine of battle; it will not be built on luck and chance, but of work and effort, and thus also sacrifice. This was out view long before the battle, and in these last three years it has not altered, and so in the future it will remain. On this day the Movement can give this guarantee to the British citizens of magic: The sacrifices which you, our fellow citizens, make will no longer be in vain, but from these sacrifice you will win yourselves a new life."He understood not the words that been spoken, or the meaning that wavered behind them, but he did notice the sudden silence that took the crowd and the frightening expression on both his father and godfather's faces. In their eyes he saw the emotions of anger and rising fear, watched as the muscles in their unshaven faces twitched and twisted. Curious as he was about why they were behaving so strangely, yet also intrigued by the speaker up ahead, he slipped his hand from the sweat limped grasp of his father, and made over toward the stage overhead. The throng of adult men and women were oblivious to his jabbing elbows and quiet huff of struggle as he pushed and forced his way closer to where they all gathered, till at last he broke through the crowd and stumbled forward.The stage, he saw, was grand as well as tall. Constructed of white wood that gleamed with a polished surface, it rose above him by several inches, the top of his head barely visible to those who stood atop it. Which was fine with him. He didn't want them noticing him, not while he had come closer in the first place to get a look at the man who had spoken out and caused his father and godfather to wear such unhappy looks. The speaker in question was nice looking, he decided, for his face was handsome and his smile seemed happy. His eyes though, he concluded, did not match the smile he wore. No, those eyes were too hard, too bright and cold, and made him think that the man with black hair was not pleased with something. And, as it would be, he would be right for the man spoke again."In the days before us we see a small band of those who stand aside from our victorious march, a band of renegades or those whom we do not want. They, whom call themselves 'the Opposition' only characterizes their miserable existence with launches of 'No' against the community of the nation and against constructive work. They who wish to see our Movement of revival hindered in every possible way are of no importance to the future of Great Britain. The truth of our idea, the strength of our achievement, and the resolution of our will shall never be brought to an end."Once again, he understood not what was said, or what it all meant, but he did feel the change in the crowd as they looked to their neighbors, coughed, and gave applause to the parting words of the speaker. Tilting his head in interest, he watched as the man walked off and those who stood on standby followed, wondering briefly whom that man could have been and why he had said what he did. When the last of the black-cloaked figures vanished, the crowd broke apart, and this too he watched as the rag covered men and women shuffled away without a backward glance or a share of words among themselves. There he stood, confused and curious, uncertain to all that had transpired when all that would retreat to the farthest corner of his mind as his father and godfather approached."Harry, you can't run off like that," his father chastised, brows pulling together and mouths pursuing as a sigh left him. "Anyone could have taken you away, you know."He blinked, unresisting as his father took back his hand and began to lead him away from the white stage. "I didn't run away, Daddy," he said, staring up at his father as they moved through the cobble stoned street, bypassing the same people who had attended the held speech in the square. "I just wanted to get a look at him.""Him?" his father echoed, frowning back at him briefly and casting a look to the silent man beside him."The man who was speaking, Daddy," he explained with a tone that suggested surprise at his father's not knowing whom he had meant. "The one who was on the that big floor talking to everyone." He kicked a stone from his path, sending it soaring down the street and clattering noisily against a pile of rusted cauldrons that been left out. "He looked very nice."His godfather made a strangled noise in the back of his throat, and both he and his father stopped in their tracks to pull him along to the side, off the road and away from eyes and ears that would not think twice of constituting a report if the wrong thing was heard or seen. He, bewilder about why they seemed so startled by his simple declaration, looked to him with confused questioning in his eyes. It was his godfather whom spoke first, and his father nodded with agreement to each word he said."Harry, understand that that man is not a nice one," his godfather said with such haste and conviction that he almost believed it to be true. "He is a terrible, horrible man that has brought nothing but pain and sadness to our world. He's evil, Harry."Evil. He tested that word in his mind, played with it even on the tip of his tongue as he repeated it to himself. "Evil," he said, then frowned. "But why did everyone listen and clap when he was talking?""Because they are scared of him, Harry. When people are scared they do what they must so they don't get hurt by evil men like him." A look entered his godfather's gray eyes, an emotion he recognized for his mother had once explained it to him. Hatred. Large, clammy hands embraced his face, and thin fingers entangled in his overgrown hair. "But there are other people out there, Harry, people like us  like James and I  who aren't scared, who fight back so everyone else who is too scared won't have to live under the evil rule of that man forever."He put his godfather's words together, like the pieces of the ancient puzzles his mother brought out for him to play with so he was kept busy while she rested. Blinking slowly at him, he gave a small nod. "Okay, I understand," he said, "you and Daddy are the good guys and that man is the evil one, right?""Yes, Harry, good," his father praised, leaning down to press a kiss to his crown. "Always remember that, Harry. He is the bad guy, the one that must be defeated."He gave an absent nod, shook off his godfather's hold of his face, and asked his father, "When are we going to see, Mummy?" for it had been days since they had last visited her in the white room where she stayed. She had to be lonely, in that room by herself without him and his father. Besides, while he was awed that his father and godfather were the heroes, and yet disappointed that the nice looking man turned out to be the evil one, he still wanted to see his mother more than anything.His father gave him a tight-lipped smile, patting down his hair. "Soon," he said, but wouldn't met his eye. He frowned harder, a feeling of sickness in his stomach for he knew his father was lying to him. He always looked away when he was lying. But, for what reason did he have to lie about going to see mother?"Can we go now?" he pressed.His father sighed, looked off into the distance and rubbed the back of his neck in a fashion he recognized as him being weary and uncomfortable. "Harry, ugh...we can't see Mummy now, okay? She needs a lot of rest so she can get better." His father shared a look with a godfather, who gave a jerky shake of the head. "How about we go to Honeyduke's for some chocolate before we go home?""Okay," he said slowly, a note of disappoint in his voice as his father led him back onto the street. He shuffled alongside , brows furrowed and mouth dropped into a pout that did not end even as they walked into the warm and sweets scented building. Inside the green painted candy shop it was bare of customers excluding him and his father and godfather, and the shop owner who greeted them with a weary smile. He shook off his father's hand and moved around the rows of glass displays, and stacked shelves, looking at each item with little interest in having any for himself till he came to a pause before a window display case that was showcasing a slab of chocolate morphed into the shape of a grinning Jack-o-lantern."I want this one," he said to his hovering guardians. "For Mummy when we go to see her," he further explained upon seeing the curious exchange and humored grins.His father's grin melted away and the light of mirth died from his eyes. Seemingly at a loss with words, he gave a quick nod of the head and moved along, calling over the owner in the process. A few minutes later, a package in hand and the shop owner waving them out with that wiry smile of his, the three of them left the store. They ventured further down the deserted street of Hogsmeade, his father and godfather keeping him tightly pressed between the both of them, and their wands in hand they as neared Knockturn Alley. He peeked around his godfather to see a pair of hooded figures watching them from the shadows of cramped buildings."Are they bad people too?" he quietly questioned his father, pointing toward the small group of haggard warlocks bent over a cauldron of fire."Yes and no, Harry," his father answered with a sigh, sparing the people in question a flickering glance. "They are neither really good or bad, but they won't think twice about hurting you.""Wouldn't that make them bad though?""Not necessarily. Just not self-sacrificing as most others.""What does that mean?""That they only care about themselves, Harry."He contemplated those words, wondering how someone could only care about themselves, could not care about hurting others and still not be bad. It was all very confusing. He kept mulling over those words as his father pulled him along, no longer paying attention as to where they were heading off to till his father picked him up and told him to hold on tightly. He had just enough time to notice that they had entered a very dingy, dirty building with chipped chairs and molded tables scattered around, an inch of dust blanketing the floor, and the wallpaper peeling. His nose caved in at the heavy stench of urine, blood and dust, giving a small sneeze that warranted a chuckle from his godfather who was trailing behind them. They walked up a the unstable staircase slowly, each step groaning in vicious complaint from their oppressive weight. At the top the staircase, his father tucked his head beneath his chin, and smoothed down his hair, murmuring strange words quietly.There was a sound of a locks falling undone, and a door creaking open. He turned his head the other way to see the interior of the new place they had entered. His examination of the cramped room lasted only a second when his eyes settled onto the old man seated at the foot of a bare bed. His eyes widened and he pointed at the man with a cry of, "Dumbledore!" for he remembered the man from the many times he had visited their home when he was much younger. He had, also, seen the white haired man on the paper that the owls brought every morning."Albus," his father said. "You seem to be doing well."He frowned at his father's words, wanting to ask how he could say that when the old man looked anything but well. He was very thin, even thinner than the pictures of him showed. His skin was yellow and waxy, hair and beard a loss of glow and hanging limply. And, yet, the light of fire in his bright blue eyes insisted otherwise, that despite his less than groomed appearance that Albus Dumbledore was well and good."Much better than one would expect for a man of my age," Dumbledore said with a light chuckle, rising to his feet and moving closer toward the group. He clasped hands with the shaggy-haired form of Sirius Black, giving the man a fond smile and exchanging a few words of pleasantry with him, before inclining with his hand for the two men to seat.His father sat down on the dust ridden armchair that faced remnants of a marble fireplace. He sneezed again, wiggling his nose and swatting at the filthy air to fight away the dirt that tickled at his nostrils. His father's arms never loosened their restraint on his waist as he sat pressed into his chest."Harry, my boy, how are you doing?" Dumbledore asked of him, eyes alight with kindness and smile wide. He looked from his straight faced father to the beaming Dumbledore and shrugged. "Good enough then?" He nodded. "Good, good. May I ask something of you, Harry."He blinked owlishly at the man, his stomach giving a little flip of wariness for he didn't like how Dumbledore was looking at him, or how his godfather and father seemed to tense suddenly. He gave a slow, uncertain nod.Dumbledore reached into the folds of his traveling cloak, and withdrew a small vial of brownish liquid. His stomach burned and heart jumped with fear for as well as he remembered Dumbledore, he always recalled what exactly it was Dumbledore had asked of him. He wiggled in his father's arms. Intent on getting away, escaping before they hurt him again. His father tightened his hold on him, keeping him secured against his chest."I don't wanna!" He yelled, kicking his feet and clawing at his father's bare arms. "I don't wanna do it!""Harry, my boy, I promise you need only to take a little drink of this," Dumbledore said softly, trying to soothe the now wailing child. "It will not hurt in the least.""Yes it will! Yes it will!" He cried out, kicking his father in the shin. "Its gonna hurt! I don't wanna do it! I don't wanna see the bad stuff again!""Albus, maybe this isn't necessary," Sirius voiced out. "We can just wait until the visions come to him rather than forcing them -""We don't have anymore time to wait!" His father snapped out. "We need to see now!"He wailed harder now, tears burning a trail from his eyes and down his round cheeks as he continued his chant of 'no' and 'I don't wanna.' They ignored him though. They ignored his crying, his pleading, and his screaming. His father grabbed tightly onto his jaw, keeping his mouth open as Dumbledore poured the vial's contents down his throat. His mouth was clamped shut and nose plugged, forcing him to swallow the vile potion. His stomach became a fire of pain, and he could not breathe. His head hurt, and heart was beating too fast. Whimpering weakly in his father's arms he clung to his bleeding arm as his mind was torn apart, stripped into layers and crudely reformed to build an image...As quickly as it had come, so too did it quickly leave. And she lied there, heart hammering, skin wet with sweat and green eyes wide with unmasked horror at what she had witnessed. If only she had the ability to scream, to roar with the rage that was burning within her veins. Her baby. Her beloved, sweet child was being tortured once more by the hands of her husband and that damnable man. Did they not know what terrors they were inflicting upon his innocent mind  a mind that would soon shatter into pieces with their continuous ministrations of that potion. Her fingers shook at her side, long nails clawing at the linens as her mouth parted into a wordless scream of fury.There had been very few times in her life in which Lily Potter had felt such white-hot loathing, and for the very two men she had trusted with her most guarded secret and the secret of her son. And they had betrayed this trust. Gripping tighter onto the white sheets, Lily pulled herself upright, body giving a cry of its own in shock as pain assaulted itself mercilessly. It still hurt  after all these months it still hurt to move, to breathe. Her teeth grinded together and eyes narrowed in concentration as Lily slowly removed herself from the bed. The cold smoothness of the floor shot up her spine, producing a shudder from her. Slowly she took delicate steps, testing her unsteady balance for great fault, and when she found that she could stand without her knees buckling too much, she moved quicker.The door to her room whispered open, and much to her refill an alarm did not sound as she existed. Looking every which way, Lily stepped out into the sterile white corridor, and when she saw, nor heard, no one approaching she hurried along as quickly as her struggling body would permit. Past closed doors that gave no signs of life, and deserted offices that seemed untouched, Lily stumbled further down the lengthy hallway, eyes skittish as they looked for an exit. It would take many turns down many halls before she came to one, and as she pushed open the heavy white door and staggered out into the unseasonably bitter October air, she cared not for the sudden blare of alarms. Her bare feet were sliced by the jagged edges of the ground as she walked away, face twisted into a grimace as she concentrated on channeling the feeble remains of her magical core."Mrs. Potter! What on earth are you doing out here!"Lily spun to face the wide-eyed Healer who had been charged with monitoring her health. Lily gave her a slight smile and took a step back. "There is something I must do," she said, a rush of magic singing in her blood as it embraced her body.The Healer's brown eyes turned into saucers. "Have you lost your mind?" She shrieked. "Your magical core has been damaged beyond repair already! Using any form of magic will kill you!""Then I am prepared to die," she murmured. "For him. For my boy, I can die without a seconds thought."The Healer's words were lost to her as she Apparated from that spot, the world twisting and spinning violently, encasing her and suffocating her till she felt lightheaded. When it all came to an end, Lily was on the ground on the front lawn of her home. She raised herself from off the ground shakily, bent at the waist and gave a heave as her throat opened up. Blood and digested food was purged from her stomach, staining the inside of her mouth with its putrid taste. Breathing weakly, Lily stepped over the puddle of sick and made way for the front door. Her fist banged sluggishly at the door, the sound barely audible amidst the din of the howling wind. On the other side of the door she could hear the murmurs of conversation, and the cries of a child."Harry," she croaked out, banging harder on the door. "Harry!"There was a clatter, a bang and a man's voice uttering her name in surprise. Footsteps sounded and neared, the door flew open and she stumbled past the threshold and into the open arms of Sirius Black. "Lily," the former Auror breathed in shock, holding onto her limp form. "Lily! What in heavens name are you doing here?""Harry," she hissed out, struggling from his tight grip and pushing past him to head toward the sound of her son's whimpering sobs. "Harry," she whispered again, knees slapping harshly together as she bent over at the waist again. Her body shook with harsh coughs, blood flying from her mouth to splatter against the floor.It was then that he came out, her husband wearing a look of complete disbelief and sickness. Lily wiped her bloodied lips with the back of her hand, looked to him, and spat at his feet. "You are a bastard, James Potter," she snarled. "A bastard and a liar!""Lily," he began slowly, holding up his hands in a helpless way. "Please, understand - ""Understand?" She shrieked. "Don't you dare ask me to understand a damn thing you plan to say! In my absence I had only ask that you protect our son! That you do not subjugate him to the very same fate you and him had forced me into and you go and do just that! How could you? Do you not realize what you have done to our son! His very mind is in danger of - "The rest of her words were lost behind a strangled cry as blood bubbled within her throat. Lily fell to her knees, arms encircling her stomach as she went into a fit of coughs. Beneath the tips of her finger she could feel the wound reopening and bleeding, staining her white dress red."Lily!" Both James and Sirius cried out, falling beside her."Don't touch me!" She snapped, spitting a glob of blood and mucus near her husbands feet and slapping away both of his hands when they extended to touch her. "Don't you ever lay a hand on me again James Potter!""Lily, please," James whispered weakly, distraught as he watched the spot of blood on her white dress enlarge. "Please we need to get you back to St. Mungo's before you - ""Mummy?"At the sound of the quiet, tentative voice, Lily removed her eyes from the stricken face of her husband to the small child that had stepped into the archway. Her heart sang and ached as she laid eyes upon him, her baby, her sweet boy. He looked at her with eyes filled with such anguish and fear from the terrors he had witnessed that it further set her blood ablaze with a desire for vengeance. Rising on unsteady feet, Lily stepped over to him, dropped to her knees before him and wrapped her bloodied arms around him."Oh, Harry," she sobbed softly, tears streaming from her eyes. "My baby, my sweet child. What have they done to you.""Mummy," the small boy whimpered, burrowing himself deeper into her embrace. "I don't want to see it. I don't want to.""I know," Lily whispered into his ear. "I know. Mummy will stop it, okay. They'll never hurt you again. Never again."There was a sound of a strained noise. "Lily, you can't do that," James said, lightly insisting as he stepped toward his wife and son. "We need his visions. If we're going to win this war - ""Damn you and damn this war!" Lily roared, rearing back to raise a hand and smack her husband full across the mouth. "One thing! I asked one thing of you and you broke your vow to me! Find another means of winning this war, but my son will never again be used by the likes of you and Albus Dumbledore so long as I still have breath in my lungs!""Lily, you're being irrational," James growled out quietly. "I only did what was right. I did it so we could build a better future for our son.""At the cost of his happiness and sanity?" Lily yelled. "I will not have it, James! I won't have any of this!" With that she picked up her son, pressed him close to her bosom and began to chant. He clung to her, staring into her eyes as the spare remains of her magic rose up and encased his form. The personified essence burned blue, tendrils of white reaching out to twist around her son's slender wrist and take on the shape of a thick, silver bracelet.And then she broke. She was torn apart from the inside, ripped from flesh and bone until she became nothing more than a shapeless, bodiless creature. She could hear the screams of her name from her husband and Sirius, the cries from her child pleading for her to not go, but there was not much she could do now. She was nothing more than a wisp of light, watching them for the time being. And then the blinding, warm light came for her, and she went with it with no resistance for she knew, just knew, that her child would be fine now...IIThe torrents of cold rain fell steady, beating an indentation into the earth as they stood among the gathered crowd. Once, before, he had also been in a situation similar to this. Surrounded by people, people he knew and fought for, who adorned black and stared at the fresh grave with tears in their eyes and a look of solemn loss in their faces. Yes, Sirius Black had seen much of the same scene before, and knew what was expected of him. He would mourn, possibly even cry, but he would not break apart.Even if this funeral was for his best friend.None of those who had attended the short funeral stayed long afterwords, giving him and the orphaned boy beside him a few parting words of sympathy before retreating back to their quiet lives, silently thankful that it was not them who must go through the ordeal of burying a loved one. Sirius nodded in acknowledgment to each of their words, never really hearing what they had to say as he stared at the tombstone before him.Here lies James Charlus PotterHe leaves behind a legacyAnd a son, Sirius thought, looking away from the engraved words to the child beside him. Small for his age and appearing even smaller in the black dress robes he wore, Hadrian James Potter did not look distraught over the death of his father. He did not express anything in the slightest as he stared at the fresh grave stoically. Sirius did not bat an eye to this. He had expected it, if he had to be frank. Since the death of his mother three years ago, the relationship between James and his son had become lost to the world, and with that whatever remaining emotional attention Hadrian for his father.Sighing softly, Sirius knelt before the tombstone, placed a hand onto the marble face and spoke. "Well, this is where we say our goodbye's, old friend," he started. "We had a lot of good times, you and I  times I will cherish with my very last breath. "He paused, eying his forefinger as it outlined the lettering of his friends name, "We still had so much to do, James. So many things to carry out in our life, and now all of that is gone." Sirius took a shaky breath, shook his head and rose to his feet. "I'm sorry I couldn't have been there for you, mate. I would have given my life for you, James. Any time, any day. But, you fought a good fight that no one will forget. I'll make sure of that. "His parting words hung in the air, a reminder to an unspoken promise he and James had once made to each other during the earlier years of the war. A promise Sirius fully intended to keep. "Rest in peace, mate," he murmured in farewell before turning back to the watchful child.Hadrian raised a brow at him, an action that made the boy look even more like his deceased mother. Sirius shook away the thought of Lily Potter and held out a hand for his godson, which Hadrian took without question and the two set off. They did not speak for much of their walk back to the Potter cottage, each lost in their own thoughts when Hadrian said, "Was he a good man, my father."Sirius looked down at him with a small frown. "He did what he thought was right.""Would you have done the same, too?" Hadrian asked softly. "Left your child too himself to fight a lost cause?"It was there that Sirius stopped, knelt so he was eye level with his godson and gave the small shoulders a hard shake. "Harry, understand that your father died so that you and everyone else could live without fear  so that we could all be free from the dictatorship of the Dark Lord and his Movement."Green eyes stared back into gray without a flicker of conviction to what was said. "That doesn't make up for orphaning your own child," was all Hadrian said in reply, shrugging off Sirius's hands and moving past the kneeling man to make his way toward the home he had grown up in.Sirius sighed, got back onto his feet, and followed after the dark-haired boy. Inside the cottage, not much had changed since the night of Lily Potter's death three years prior. In exception for the blood, everything remained to be the same. The home she had worked to perfect and reflect the love she possessed for her family still showed in every inch of the home, but even to Sirius it felt off for this house, though familiar and inviting, had never truly been the same since her death and the break in relations between father and son. Rubbing the back of his neck as he closed the door behind him, Sirius made his way into the sitting room where Hadrian had taken residence before the merrily burning hearth with his legs crossed and hair spilling from its binding."You need a haircut," Sirius said, more to himself than to Hadrian as he eyed the boy. "You look enough like a girl without the long hair."Hadrian made a small noise, though contributed no input to his godfather's words. Which was fine with Sirius. He wasn't in much of a mood to try to pry a proper conversation out of his godson. Settling himself into the loveseat, Sirius drifted his attention onto the crackling flames and listened as time bypassed outside. The storm had yet to let up, he had a meeting that must be attended, and a mute-like child to care for now."What in the blue hell am I going to do with you," Sirius groaned out. "I can't take care of a child with my line of work."Hadrian snorted. "I didn't know being a part of a resistance group counted as a job.""Don't get cheeky with me, Harry," Sirius warned with an exhausted sigh. "I'm being very serious right now. There's no way I can take you out on missions, or just leave you to yourself without proper supervision.""I'm not a child, Sirius," Hadrian said, throwing his godfather a small frown. "I can take care of myself. I've done it before.""Before counts for nothing. You're my ward now, and as your legal guardian I say children under the age of eleven are much too young to be left by themselves."Hadrian shook his head at his godfather and looked away. "Then your only real option, I suppose, is to either put me in an orphanage while you play resistance hero, leave me to take care of myself, or give up your work and properly raise me.""I don't like any of those.""I thought not.""Well," Sirius began slowly. "I suppose there's only one thing left to do.""Which is?""Pack your bags, kiddo, and you'll find out soon enough."
