You Can Live: Chapter 1Before we get started...I don't own any of this, except for the plot. I would be able to afford school if that were the case. Warnings: This story is a sequel/follow up of my last Harry Potter fic 'You Can Cry'. So, the first warning would be to read the first one. This will not make sense if you did not read the preceding work of fiction. So please, do us a favor and read chronologically.Next, this fic does contain abuse, physical and sexual and verbal, graphic and non. I will not go into details on the sexual abuse acts themselves, do not expect to find anything like that in my work. I will however go into other details and make strong mention of it. I would not suggest this fic if you are under sixteen, because the subject matter is a serious one and I do not wish to corrupt your minds that early. As I always say, do not let anyone, including yourself, be a victim of abuse.Anyway, please read this. Please review it. Thank you all who supported me on the last HP fic, and I apologize for character OOCness and some seemingly bipolarness from Snape and or Harry. I will try to make this one more consistent. However, I just want to point out that since the war is over, I feel that Snape is permitted to be a bit different, since he is not on constant guard. I would never take away his lovely snarkiness and sarcasm, but he does not appear as harsh or cold in this story. Thank you. :)P.S. This fic isn't all horrible and dark as the warnings may have suggested! There will be happy sunshine and rainbows! :)Graduation"If you two don't stop snogging, we are never going to make it to graduation." Harry rolled his eyes at Hermione and Ron, who were (once again), trying to swallow each other's faces. When they finally pulled back, they gave Harry sheepish smiles."Sorry, Mate. Just really excited about today, you know?" Harry rolled his eyes again, but couldn't help the smile that gave him away."C'mon you lot! You're already late. McGonagall and Snape will skin you alive, if you don't move your arses." The trio did move then."Oh, shut it, Malfoy. You are a terrible liar for a Slytherin. McGonagall likes us too much." This time it was Draco rolling his eyes. He led the pack down the hallway at a very brisk pace, until they met up with the rest of the eighth and some seventh years congregating and already lining up in front of the large double doors of the Great Hall."She won't if you mess with her perfect scheduling. Trust me. I know." They all chuckled at that, then waved goodbye to Draco as he went off to get ready with his fellow Slytherin's. To say that the year had flipped everything upside down was an understatement. Not long after Harry's 'meltdown', as he referred to it, in Snape's quarters, things had looked considerably brighter.Snape had become a sort of, safe haven for Harry after that night. Whenever he was having nightmares, he would go and sit with Severus until he calmed down. It was on more than one occasion that he found that he had fallen asleep on the man's couch. He was also able to completely give up the knife, though it was obvious that Snape kept the sharp object hidden away when Harry was due to drop in. Severus was able to brew a potion to make his scars fade, so he didn't feel tempted whenever he saw his wrists. Even that wretched 'I mustn't tell lies.' was gone for good (Snape had been particularly livid the night that scar was discovered). With new found confidence and someone he could count on, he finally was starting to feel...normal.It didn't take long for him to become familiar with Slytherin territory, and not long after the 'meltdown' he ran into Draco. They hadn't spoken at all since the war, but they surprised each other with how civil they could each be. A friendship soon followed. It was a bit harder to convince Ron to accept him than it was Hermione, but they worked it out. Thank goodness. Otherwise Harry was certain the school would not have been left standing.It was amazing, Harry would often find himself thinking, how the war had seemed to knock down the house barriers and allow the students to live and learn together with nothing more than some friendly competition to come between the purple, yellow, green and red. It was more obvious in the first years who were often found in mixed house groups outside of class, than it was in the 'eighth year' students who had grown up in a severely divided school.None of this compared, however, to when Harry found out that Snape was making plans to become his legal guardian. He had walked in to his quarters for their usual shared Friday dinners. Since he knew the password at this point, he just waltzed right in, however, Snape wasn't there to greet him as he normally was. Then, Harry heard him talking to someone else in his private floo."Yes, I am perfectly capable of taking care of an eighteen year old boy. Our relationship has grown considerably, oh don't give me that look, you know what I mean. His trust in me has grown, and I refuse to let him go back to live with the Dursleys no matter what you say. The boy will be safe and cared for with me. Make it happen." Severus hadn't heard Harry come in, but when he saw him frozen in the doorway, he was nervous. Afraid that he had overstepped some boundary, or made a very wrong assumption. The way Harry ran forward and hugged him fiercely quickly dispelled any misgivings he had. Severus's contact in the Ministry said he would work quickly on it, but things like this still take time, especially in regards to the Saviour of the Wizarding World. The man had floo-called just last week to say they would have an answer soon.Five to six days. That is what they said. Harry could do the math. Graduation day was the sixth day. He would find out today where he would spend his summer, and arguably, what his life would be like for the next multiple years.All of these thoughts were running through the Gryffindor's head, and he buzzed with nervous energy as he finally found his place in line. He had one more chance to glance at his two best friends, who were looking about ready to start snogging again, before the grand doors opened.Well? What do you think? The angst will come later. I hope to have it gradually build up over time. I want to hear from you! :)Please Review :)
