Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter series (unfortunately), but I do own some of the characters. Other belong to JK or stories I read. Daisy and Emily are based upon Daisy and Emma from Reviewgirl911, the story 'Save Me'.A/N: I had this idea in my head for quite a while now, so I thought it was time to get it out. I hope you like it =)! (Contains a lot of OCs, not everybody likes that)It was so early in the morning, it was still dark. Normally, Petunia Dursley didn't get up so early, but today she couldn't sleep. She had the feeling something wasn't right. Something was not normal. She walked down, but didn't see anyone. Dudley, her son, now three years old, was still asleep like a rose. She looked out of the window, and saw a tall man outside. And that man was anything but normal. He wandered around in a dress and clearly didn't posses a razor. His long hair and beard were tucked away in his belt as he walked away. When he was gone, she knew she was right. Something was wrong, and he had something to do with it. She opened her front door, and was about to step outside, when she saw something lying on her doorstep. Something wrapped in blankets.She took the thing inside, and closed the door quickly, after looking around if nobody had seen this. The bundle of blankets stirred, and it was only than that Petunia released it was alive. She removed the blankets, and saw...A girl! The girl had to be as old as Dudley was, and she had raven black hair. The most remarkable was the scar on her forehead, however. It had the shape of a lightning bolt. She opened the letter she found in the blankets, but before she could read it, the little girl woke. She had bright emerald eyes, and Petunia recognized them at once. She didn't even have to read the letter to know that this was the daughter of her sister. Her freak of a sister, and her good for nothing husband.She scanned the letter, and then screamed.Vernon Dursley woke up to a scream, and noticed that his wife was missing. 'Petunia!' He called when he stumbled down the stairs. He found her in the living room, white as a ghost. She clasped a letter in her hand, and next to hear, on the bench, lay a girl!'Petunia? What is that?' Vernon asks.'Here, read the letter,' Petunia says, still shaken, but handing him the letter.Vernon reads it, his face turning red, then purple, before turning into a ashen white colour.'Wh-What?' he stutters. 'They want us to take care of that freak?' He spits the last word out.'She's called Jade, Vernon.' Petunia says, for a lack of anything else to say.'I don't care what she's called, she's still a freak, and I don't want any freak in our house! She's leaving, as soon as possible. We're bringing her to the orphanage tomorrow.' He shouts, but Petunia tells him to lower his voice. What would the neighbours say if they heard it? If they heard any of this? No, she's got to leave when nobody notices. Before anyone notices she's even here.'Now.' She says. 'What now?' Vernon asks, still pissed-off. 'We're bringing her to the orphanage now.Jade Potter fell asleep again a long time ago, and she sleeps until the next morning, without even noticing she switched homes.So, this is the prologue, so it is kinda short, but I hope you liked it. If you did, please review, it keeps me motivated to write :)
