Hey Everyone!For some unknown reasons C'est La Vie was deleted. So I've decided to post it again with some changes. A/N: - Please do review, Positive or Negative reviews are welcomeDisclaimer: Nothing belongs to me, it's all JK Rowling's great work Prologue:As 11 year old Harry Potter took his first step into the Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry, He felt a warmth that the Dursley household could not meet, He felt at home. The enchanted pictures buzzing with excitement, the marshals glowing like amber throughout the castle lit it up brightly."Ok, gather around students" came the voice of a stern looking lady with cat like features, "I am Professor McGonagall, Welcome to your first-year at Hogwarts. We shall be going to the Great Hall where you shall be sorted into your houses"As the doors of the Great Hall opened up, there was awe amongst the First-years. Never had they seen anything so magical and beautiful. The ceiling enchanted to look like the night sky, the stars, and the clouds everything seemed so real.And then before them was placed a rusty looking old hat, which began to sing, telling them about the legends of the different houses of Hogwarts.As the song ended, Professor McGonagall began reading out names from the list. With each name the heartbeats increased."Granger, Hermoine". A nervous looking girl with long bushy brown hair walked up and sat down on the stool, as the Sorting Hat was places upon her head. A few moments later came a shout: "Ravenclaw "A few names later came Lovegood, Luna who was particularly easy for the Sorting Hat perhaps and she was sorted into Hufflepuff."Malfoy, Draco", a pale skinned boy with silky white blond hair came forth and received a "Slytherin" from the Hat.As McGonagall read the next name "Potter, Harry" the entire Great Hall was silent was a second and then began a wave of murmurs as Harry walked up to be sorted. After great consideration and slight persuasion the Hat declared "Gryffindor""Parkinson, Pansy" was sorted into Slytherin and the list continued.Next were twins, Ron Weasley and Ginny Weasley. While Ron was sorted to Hufflepuff, Ginny got into Gryffindor.Lastly came "Zabini, Blaise" who made it into Ravenclaw. With that Professor McGonagall rolled up her list and took away the Sorting Hat.As they took their seats, Albus Dumbledore declared dinner to be served and then all was forgotten as lively chatter filled the Great HallA/N: - There was the Prologue, Please Review. 
