Summary: With Voldemort gone and a new outlook on life, Hermione is determined to make her last year at Hogwarts the best. However, things don't go as planned when she finds herself caught in the middle of a love triangle with one man who will stop at nothing to rise to power and another who just wants to help him achieve that. Neither are willing to let her go and she soon finds herself wondering if she even wants them to.One thing first, anybody on the light who died is alive (i.e Fred, Tonks, Lavender). I'm sorry if you aren't okay with this but I like it that way.Disclaimer: I own nothing, no matter how much I wish I did."'Mione! Hurry or you're going to be late!"Her mother's light voice drifted from below her along with the deep baritone that was her father's voice as he complained about something or another. She shut out the noise downstairs as they finished up packing everything before turning to face her bathroom mirror. Brown eyes caught hers in the mirror before blackness filled her vision as she squeezed them shut. She let out a breath she didn't know she'd been holding."Okayyou can do this," she whispered encouragingly.Yeah, better said than done, she thought. She instantly shook her head. There was going to be no more of thatthat negativity. This was a new year and therefore she needed to start acting like it. Voldemort was gone, thank Merlin, and she -along with the rest of the seventh years- decided to go back and redo her last year. As the new Headmaster, McGonagall decided that the seventh years were allowed to come back if they chose to do so seeing as how no one really experienced all that came with their last year. A loud clang downstairs followed by an expletive brought her out of her musings. She slowly opened her eyes and stared at her reflection. A frown of apprehension appeared in between her eyebrows. It was safe to say that Hermione Granger had changed over the summer break, big time. Not only had she finally decided to loosen up and live a little, or in the words of Ginerva Weasley, act like a normal teenager but hererphysique had changed as well. It was clear that she was a late bloomer since her once barely A-cups had grown to full blown C-cups over the span of the last two months or so. Her fair skin had taken on a golden shine and her brown hair had lightened to a honey color due to the summer sun. None of this was intentional however as opposed to theother changes. Her friend Allison, whom she'd met at the beach, had talked her into doing all sorts of wild things over the summer. Everything from yoga and belly dancing classes to getting a belly button piercing.Allison was what one could call a free spirit. The girl was all legs with her 5'8" frame and lean build. She was less endowed than some girls but that never seemed to deter her. Of course, the girl didn't have a reason to be, she was stunning. She had the darkest hair that Hermione had ever seen and it swung all the way down to her butt. Like Hermione, she was fair skinned too until this summer when she'd gotten a tan that only seemed to make her bright blue eyes pop. She had cheekbones that could probably slice through anything and she had the most envious pink and plump lips. The girl oozed sex appeal and she was well aware of that. All of this is what made Hermione wary of her at first, she was intimidating to say the least, and she actually wanted to be friends with her? It was impossible to wrap her head around the fact that a girl like that wanted to hang out with her. She'd practically taken Hermione under her wing and had shown her all of the best nightclubs and lounges, introduced her to some very attractive guys, and succeeded in getting her to come out of her shell. Her newly acquired 'hot bod' was due to the yoga, kick-boxing, and belly dancing classes that Allison had talked her into. She wouldn't say that she was below average before but she definitely couldn't compete with the figures of those like Pansy Parkinson or the Patil twins. But nowI just might give them a run for their money, she thought confidently for the first time in...well, forever. It was this thought that brought back her newly obtained confidence. She raked her eyes over her shapely figure and all the way down her tan legs. She was wearing a simple blue loose fitting top that hung off the shoulders. She had paired it with some denim capris and modest looking wedges. She had on decent sized gold hoops that poked through her sun kissed wavy hair and a dainty silver ring. It matched two others, one which Allison wore and one that would go to Ginny. She picked up her tinted lip balm before raking it over her lips. There, she thought. Her makeup was simple and light but effective. She grabbed her bag before marching out of her bathroom and down the stairs, sans a certain cat. Crookshanks was coming back from the vet later on today and her mum would be sending him. Her mother had just zipped up the last suit case as her foot hit the last step. Her parents were going on a much needed vacation. After she'd finally found them and restored their memories they were angry to say the least. She was pretty sure her relationship with them would never be the same and she'd feared that she had found them only to lose them again. However, they eventually came around, understanding why she did what she'd done. Now, months later, with the memories of Australia still in their brain, they decided to go back for a bit while she spent her last year at Hogwarts. Tomorrow, she thought. Tomorrow she would be rushing to the train station -no doubt- with the two youngest Weasley's and Harry. Today she was apparating to the Burrow just before her parents left so that they could see her off. She was excited to be reunited with Ginny again. She and Ginny had written each other all summer but it just wasn't the same and Allison was great but she couldn't dare talk to her about Hogwarts and such. There's so much to catch up on, she thought and that thought brought a smile to her face."WelldearI guess you should move along now," her mother said bringing her back to the present.Her mother had a tight smile on her face but she could see the unshed tears in her eyes. Hermione's shoulders sagged as she tilted her head to the side."Oh mum," she whispered as she pulled her into a hug.Her mother's frame shook with what she expected was her attempt to hold in her tears, she failed. She sighed and rubbed soothing hands up and down her back."Mum, I'm coming back," she said as she pulled away."I know, I know. It's justyou're all grown up now. It's your last year of school, look at all you've accomplished and look at you! You're a woman," she sniffed.Before she could respond however her dad's voice cut into the heartfelt moment like a knife."She's still my little girl. You let those boys know that," her dad said gruffly as he puffed out his chest.Her and her mother both shared a look as if to say 'men' before rolling their eyes. The next few minutes were filled with more tears and hugs on her mum's part and a hug and threat to all the boys from her father. She smiled at them both as she opened her front door and stepped outside.She took a deep breath and fluffed her hair before walking up to the door. She heard the pounding of feet and several loud voices inside. Before she even lifted her hand to knock, the door swung open to reveal her favorite redhead. Said redhead's eyes squinted in confusion before widening in what appeared to be realization and disbelief."Blimey! Hermione," she shrieked.Hermione could do nothing but laugh as Ginny ambushed her with a hug, causing her to drop her bag in the process. Ginny pulled back to look at her once again. Her mouth opened and closed like a fish, making it obvious that she didn't know what to say."You-how. I think it's safe to say that someone had a great summer," she finally managed to get out.Hermione laughed before shrugging."I guess," she trailed off.Hermione grabbed her bag as Ginny dragged her inside before slamming the door shut behind her."Whose at the door-"Mrs. Weasley's question was cut short as she stepped out of the kitchen."Hermione, dear! Well, don't you look positively gorgeous," she exclaimed before pulling her into a hug as well.Feet pounding down the stairs were what she heard before she was pulled into two sets of arms."'Mione what 'ave they-""Been feeding you down-""In muggle London," the twins asked in unison."Yeah because whatever it is I want some," Ginny exclaimed.She pulled away from their arms with a laugh."Guys, I'm still the same old Herms. I promise," she stated simply.They laughed and soon after pleasantries were exchanged before Mrs. Weasley wiped her hands down her apron before announcing that dinner had just finished. Mr. Weasley was still at the Ministry and, Ginny and Ron were the only ones still living at home. The twins were merely visiting before the start of the term. She'd asked where Ron and Harry were while they ate and they informed her that they decided to spend their last day at 12 Grimmauld Place seeing as it was now Harry's. 'Guy Time', they'd said. It wasn't long after that the table and all of the dishes were clean that she was eagerly following Ginny up the stairs to her room. As soon as the door was shut and locked Ginny bombarded her with questions."What the bloody hell did you do this summer," Ginny asked."A little of thisa little of that," she shrugged as she sat down on Ginny's bed."Oh come on Hermione! I need details," Ginny whined as she followed suit."Oh alright," she sighed dramatically.Hermione then went on to tell her about Allison and everything that she'd talked Hermione into. She recounted the time they'd almost gotten busted at a party and that one incident where they'd convinced their parents to let them go to America and had gone on a mini road trip with three of Allison's friends who happened to be guys. Oh, and she couldn't forget when they'd drunkenly gotten piercings; Allison a nose stud and a belly button ring for herself. Not to mention the Kama Sutra book Allison had bought after their pole dancing classes were over. 'Oh come on Mi! We've mastered the art of seduction, now it's time to read up on how to put those good skills to use,' Allison had told her in her airy voice accompanied by her signature wink and eyebrow raise before applying her mascara. As her tale of one of the best summers of her life came to a close Ginny just shook her head back and forth."Hermione I've been trying for years to get you to loosen up a bit. Granted not to that extreme but I've tried taking you to the House parties, to wear makeup and dress more flattering! It always did no good but then thisAllison comes along and you just fall in line, no questions asked. You've got a piercing. You two even share a bloody friendship ring," Ginny ranted as she stood up."Gin," Hermione started in surprise.She wasn't expecting this reaction."I'm sorry it's justI don't know I feel like I've been replaced. I'm sure Allison is a nice girl and all but it's like I said. It was like pulling teeth to get you to do something extra for the Yule Ball let alone get you to comb your hair every day," Ginny whispered as she sat back down."Ginyou're my best friend and you know that. I guess I could see how it looks from your point of view but you were there during the war and those years leading up to it. I don't mean to sound conceited but I am the brains of the trio. There was so much that needed to be done, to be figured out. I didn't have time for any of that stuff, I was too busy trying to save the world," she said."Oh, Mione. You're rightI'm sorry. I wasn't even thinking-""Gin, it's okay. I understand but this year I didn't have to deal with any of that so I decided, why not start living as the teenager that I am. On another note," she said as she stood up and walked over to her bag."You didn't think we'd get friendship rings without getting one for you, did you," she asked as she pulled out a small white box.Ginny gasped before jumping up and practically snatching it out of her hand. She then proceeded to rip the top off before taking out a dainty silver ring with light blue waves going around it. On her and Allison's road trip in the states they'd stopped at a flea market-esque establishment. They found a vendor owned by a nice Native American woman who sold jewelry. The three rings were sold together and when Allison complained about not having a third, Hermione immediately mentioned Ginny. Allison knew all about Ginny through Hermione and already took a liking to the girl without even knowing her. 'Sounds like my kind of girl. Any friend of yours is a friend of mine,' she'd mentioned. She'd eagerly bought the rings and mentioned to tell her what Ginny thought of it."HermioneIit's really pretty," Ginny whispered hoarsely."I know! It's handmade," Hermione commented."AndAllison isokay with this? I mean it must have cost a fortune and she doesn't even know me-""Oh hush. That girl adores you already. Her exact words were and I quote 'I swear that girl is my long lost sister. How did none of her spark rub off on you'," she interrupted."Oh great. Now I feel even worse," she groaned."Why," Hermione questioned."Because here I was going on a jealous rage over a girl who I practically accused of trying to steal my best friend. In fact she's doing the complete opposite by keeping me included. Merlin I feel like an idiot," she finished."Don't. It's understandable," Hermione replied."Well, I think I like Allison too because she's right about one thing," Ginny sniffed."And what's that," Hermione wondered."How did none of my taste rub off on you," Ginny wondered as she flipped her hair.This sent them both into fits of laughter.It was sometime around midnight after everyone had showered and gone off to bed that Hermione was getting her toe nails painted by Ginny. With a wave of a wand their nails could have been painted but ever since Hermione had shown Ginny how to do it the muggle way she'd been obsessed."I can't wait for everyone to see you. Especially Ron," Ginny said after some time.This caused Hermione to look up in confusion. Ron and herwell to put it simply there was never going to be anything between them. Ever again. After they'd shared that kiss in the Chamber of Secrets she'd thought that there was something there. She'd been convinced that that was going to be the start of her new beginning but that all went down the drain when he told her that he was caught up in the moment and that she was simplythere. Simply there. Those two words had opened her eyes to the realization that Ron would never feel the same way. She'd been in love with him for years and as many times as she convinced herself that there was still hope, those two words made her face the truth. He would never look at her like he does with 'Lav Lav', he would never see her as anything other than one of the guys."Gin, you know how Ron feels about me. Why in the world would he care if I suddenly grew into a woman over the break," she asked in confusion.Ginny set the baby blue polish down before turning to face Hermione."Hermione, Ronhe loves you. But-""Whoa, wait, what? No, Gin. I told you what he told me-""I know that. Look, I overheard him and Harry talking earlier in the summer. Basically, Ron's been in love with you for quite some time but the idiot just wants to fool around first before he finally settles down with you. He said that he wantssomething more first," Ginny whispered.She stared at Ginny in horror as she felt this rage like no other build up inside of her. That's all she could do because she didn't know what else to do. Ron actually had the audacity to assume that she would go crawling back to him? Not only that but he'd hurt her when he said what he did. Of course, he didn't care though. He didn't give a damn about how he made her feel, as long as he got to mess around and still end up with her in the end it was all okay."Breathe," Ginny exclaimed."Oh merlin," she let out along with a breath she wasn't aware she was holding."Oh 'Mione I'm so sorry. II just thought that you needed to know what a right git he is," Ginny said."I-I can't believe how far up his own arse he is. Does he actually expect me to wait around for him? Does he think of no one but himself?""Hermione, he's a 'famous well desired war hero' now. Of course not," Ginny chimed in dryly.They both laughed at Ron's self-absorbed behavior. They continued to bash him as they painted each other's nails before passing out some time in the middle of the night.Please review and let me know what you think. I appreciate constructive criticism.
