The Alexander Chronicles Year 3; The Mystery Of The Prisoner BlackChapter 1; Summer DaysI dont own Harry Potter, now that the formal stuff is over please enjoy the story....Alexs point of viewAlex was not an ordinary boy; sure, he seemed like a normal "just reached thirteen year old " boy , with dark brown hair, grey eyes, maybe a bit short for his age.However, Alex was far from normal, his room were full of strange books, quills, parchments, cauldrons, a wood stick and pictures of Alex and his friends. The last part may seemed like a normal thing to have, but in instead of staying still; the persons in the pictures moved around. Yeah Alex wasnt a normal boy far from it, he was a wizard, and even for the wizards he was special as he is one of the only living heirs to Salazar Slytherin with the power to speak parseltongue, it sadly also meant that Alex was related to Lord Voldemort. Alexs relation to Slytherin was only know by him, his close family and his headmaster Professor Dumbledore.This summer had been a busy one; Alex teachers at his magic school Hogwarts had given him a lot of essays for the summer. Luckily, he had gotten all of them done already, so he could soon enjoy the rest of his summer, he had even finished the History of magic essay, for Alex that was the most boring subject at Hogwarts, with the most boring teacher ever. Alex was also been schooled in pure-blood etiquette by his grandfather durring the summer, the good thing about it was that his grandfather didnt think they were better due to their blood status, which made the lessons quit amusing.It was about nine in the afternoon; Alex was sitting alone in his room, adding finishing touches on the history essay."How is my favourite nephew?" sounded a voice from the door. Alex looked up and smiled; there in the door frame stood a medium high man in a dark blue suit. The man had dark brown hair, smiling brown eyes. It was Alex favourite uncle; Tony."Uncle Tony!" Alex said as he ran over and gave his uncle a hug, "I am fine just finishing this boring History essay." He added as he broke the hug."Yes I remember Professor Binns being more effective then Sleeping Draught."Alex smiled, then he notice the Daily Prophet in his uncles hands, on the front page was there a picture of a man with black shoulder length hair, a mustache, in prison robes, and was screaming and moving violently. "Who is that?" Alex asked pointing at the paper.Tony starred at the paper before answering, "Oh that is Sirius Black, he have escaped Azkaban:""Wait aren't Azkaban supposed to be unescapable?""Yes, it shoud, that is the problem. Black is first one who have done it. Here you could read about it, if you want." Tony said as he handed his nephew the Prophet.After a few minutes of reading Alex looked up, "So does anybody know how he escaped?" He asked bit chocked about what he had learned so this Black person had killed thirteen people with one curse."No, it be one of the thing he will be forced to answer after the dementors bring him in. Even Black will have trouble stopping those creatures. ""Hey Uncle Tony is there a way to stop them. I mean they sound very unfriendly?"Alexs uncle looked at him with and raised eyebrow. "They are Alex. They are the worst; the dementors freed on happy memories leaving you only with the bad behind, most of the prisoners go insane after a while. I hope you never have to encounter those foul creatures, but in case, you do, yes, there is a way. It is called the patronus charm, if it done successfully. It will produce a small shied or some mist that either blocks or drive the dementors away. However this spell is very difficult to master.""Why?""In order to produce a strong patronus, you need, besides saying the incarnation (expecto patronum), a truly happy memory, one that fills you with joy. If the memory is powerful enough, the patronus will be corporeal.""But you need a wand to do it right?""Yes, of course you do."Alex nodded, as his uncle shoot his theory down about Black has used the patronus charm to escape, "Hey Uncle Tony can you do a corporeal patronus?"Tony smiled "Well of course I do, it will always be easier to produce the charm without the presence of the dementors, want to see?"Alex nodded eager too see some advance magic. Tony took out is wand, cleared his throat and said, "expecto patronum", out of his wand came a silvery mist that formed into a panther."Showing of again Anthony?" said a voice, as the panther faded away. It was Alexs grandfather Fredric Ambrosius."Just showing the boy some useful magic father."Fredric laughed, "Yes I know, hope you listen to your uncle Alexander, he is the best in the family to produce a patronus."Alex nodded as his grandfather continued, "I actually wanted to talk to Alexander. I have found some more information on our ancestors.""Really what news grandfather?" Alex as he invited his uncle and grandfather to his room."Well as you know Salazar Slytherin had two sons Bellus and Seleucus. Now history tells us that Seleucus strongly disagreed with his fathers views, and he suffered for that. Even his brother who Seleucus first was on good terms with, started to hate him. Eventually Seleucus chose to leave his family, when his mother died of dragon pox. Gordric Gryffindor who was old friend Salazar decided to help the young Seleucus to get a new home and he even thought him all he knew. Not long after Seleucus had left Salazar died too. Making Bellus the head of the Family.""Why did Gordric take Seleucus in?""I told you Gordric and Salazar used to be best frineds, Gordric was even Seleucus godfather.""So Seleucus were taught both Slytherin and Gryffindor views and skills?"Frederic nodded and smiled, "Yes I image he was a lot like you. Now as you know he married a half-blood and started his own family. The gift of talking to Snakes was eventually lost, since nobody cared about blood-purity""But , it still doesnt explain why I have the gift of parseltongue. I mean why me?""Well Alex," his uncle began, "you how in the old fairy tales the hero were given a gift, maybe that is why."Alex nodded a bit disappointed, "I not a hero Uncle, I am just nobody.""A hero doesnt mean to be the one who saves the world, a hero is one who do good things for others, you are a hero, and a great wizard Alex. Dont ever tell me otherwise." Tony said."Yeah Alexander you are a hero in here" Alexs grandfather pointed at his heart, causing Alex to smile."Thanks it really means a lot."They were silent for a while, "Well I dont know about you but I could use a good cup of tea" Frederic said, causing Alex and Tony to laugh as they followed the old man to the kitchen, where Alexs mother Cyrina already was sitting, when she saw them she she smiled and asked Pixy to fetch some tea. Just as Pixy had brought it over, there was a knock on the door."Alex will you get that."Alex nodded and walked over to the door. As he opened it, he was surprised to see a nervous smiling Harry Potter. He was standing there with his trunk standing next to him, and Alex could see Hedwig on a tree behind him. "Harry? What are you doing here?""Well, I kind of got in trouble, and you said if I needed a place, I could come to you. So can I come in?"Alex nodded, "Yes of course." he said stepping aside so Harry could get in. "What kind of trouble are you in?"Before Harry could answer Cyrina appeared behind Alex, "Who is it dear?" She paused as he noticed Harry, "Oh Harry come inside. Pixy" with a pop the little house elf appeared."You called mistress.""Yes Pixy, please take Harrys trunk to one of the guestroom. The one Next to Alexanders room"As Pixy disappeared, Harry walked shyly into the house, looking around."So Harry, we were just having tea, would you like to join us?" Cyrina asked."Yes thank you Mrs. Bonteri" Harry said as he was being lead into the kitchen.As Harry stepped inside, he was met by Alexs uncle and grandfather."Oh Harry this my Uncle Tony  and this is my grandfather." Alex said pointing at his uncle and grandfather respectively. "And this my friend Harry Potter." He finish while pointing at Harry with his thumb.Both Tony and Frederic went up to shake Harrys hand and welcoming him the house."So you mentioned you had gotten in to trouble Harry?" Alex said quietly."Trouble, what kind of trouble?" Tony asked."Uh well I kind of uh maybe I shouldn't have come. I dont want to get you in to trouble as well.""Nonsense Harry, tell us so we can help." Cyrina said."Well I" but before Harry could say more, the fireplace, in the livingroom roared op, and a voice was heard , "Hallo is anybody home?""I get it" Alexs grandfather said as he got up and walked into the living room, "Cornelius what can I do for you?""Frederic, I am looking for Mr. Potter, he is at your daughters house right?" The minister said, Alex noticed that Harry paled, making Alex wonder what Harry had done."Indeed he is minister, please come."Another roar was heard from the fireplace, and moments later the Minister of Magic Cornelius Fudge entered, his pinstriped suit, scarlet tie, black clock and green bowler. "Good evening Mr. Ambrosius, Mr Bonteri, Mr Potter," he said to Tony, Alex and Harry, before walking up to Cyrina, "Cyrina, hope I not intruding in your lovely home.""Not at all minister, can I offer you anything; tea, butterbear, or maybe fire whisky?""Just tea thank you," the minister said with a smile, "would you mind having it sent to the sitting room."Cyrina nodded, "Yes of course Cornelius", she said to before saying the same to one of the family other house elves Mix."Good then boys if you will," the minister said, and Harry and Alex began to follow."Alexander, this is Harrys bussenius" Cyrina said sternly stopping her son."Oh it is okay he is there Cyrina." The minister said, causing Cyrina to nod at Alex.Alex and Harry followed the Minister into the sitting room. "Sit down, Harry, Alexander," said Fudge, indicating a chairs by the fire.Harry and Alex sat down. Once again, Alex looked over to Harry. He looked nervous and afraid, and it once agian made Alex wonder how bad of the trouble Harry was in, surly it couldnt be that bad then again the minister was here. Fudge took off his cloak and tossed it aside, then hitched up the trousers of his pinstriped suit and sat down opposite Harry and Alex."I am Cornelius Fudge, Harry. The Minister of Magic." The Minister told them.Alex already knew this, of course; he had seen Fudge once before, as he had been the one who had witnessed Hermione's petrifying last year.Just as the minister was about to continue Mix arrived with the tea and some crumpets.Well, Harry," said Fudge, pouring out tea, "you've had us all in a right flap, I don't mind telling you. Running away from your aunt and uncle's house like that! I'd started to think but you're safe, and that's what matters." Alex looked at the minister, all this because Harry had ran away, not that Alex didnt understood his friend, actually, he didnt understood why Harry hadnt ran away sooner. The ministers concern must be related to Blacks escape.Fudge buttered himself a crumpet and push the plate towards Alex and Harry who still was shaking with nerves."Eat, Harry you look staving. Now where was I, Yes, you will be pleased that we have dealt with the unfortunate blowing-up of you oh aunt? Miss Marjorie Dursley."Alex nearly chocked on the crumpet he had taken, Harry had blown his aunt up. Wow that was intense, Alex noticed that Fudge was looking at him, he muttered a small "Sorry.""Yes, as I was saying two members of the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad were dispatched to Privet Drive, and after some auguring her brother" Fudge paused clearly his people had told him about Harrys uncle, "they managed they to puncture her and remove her memory of the incident. She wont remember a thing. So now harm done".Fudge smiled at Harry and Alex over the rim of his teacup, rather like an uncle surveying favorite nephews. Alex look from Fudge to Harry, who had opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out so he closed it again."Ah, you're worrying about the reaction of your aunt and uncle?" said Fudge. "Well, I won't deny that they are extremely angry, Harry, but they are prepared to take you back next summer as long as you stay at Hogwarts for the Christmas and Easter holidays."Harry finally regained his voice "I always stay at Hogwarts during Christmas and Easter, I dont even want to return to them durring summer, in fact I dont want to see them ever again." he said hardly.Alex looked at his friend with concern in his eyes, Harry had always been a private person therefore Alex never knew much of Harrys home life. He had tried talking to Harry about it sometimes, but he had always told him not to worry, but Alex knew there much more then Harry had told."Now, now, I'm sure you'll feel differently once you've calmed down," said Fudge in a worried tone. "They are your family, after all, and I'm sure you are fond of each other  er  very deep down." To Alex the minister didnt sound so sure."I refuse to go back." Harry said.For a second Alex wonder if Harry could live with him and his family, it would be cool, then they could be like brothers. "Let us deal with it later Mr Potter, maybe you will think different later. As for now we need to figure out where you can stay this summer.""Cant I stay here?"Fudge nodded, "yes I shall talk to Mrs. Bonteri about it, I be right back." He was about leave when."Hang on," blurted Harry. "What about my punishment?""Punishment?" Alex thought. "Why on earth did he have to be so bloody noble and bring that up? He was just about to get away scott free and he had to ruin it." Fudge blinked. "Punishment?""I broke the law!" Harry said. "The Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry!" Alex rolled his eyes and ate the last bit of his crumpet, that law was ridiculous; a pureblood family could get a permit so their children could use magic, in order to practice their skills, like the one Alex had."Oh, my dear boy, we're not going to punish you for a little thing like that!" cried Fudge, waving his crumpet impatiently. "It was clearly an accident! We don't send people to Azkaban just for blowing up their aunts!" Harry and Alex shared a strange glance, this was this a new policy, the ministry was normally very strict about this."Last year, I got an official warning just because a house-elf smashed a pudding in my uncle's house!" Harry told Fudge, frowning. "The Ministry of Magic said I'd be expelled from Hogwarts if there was any more magic there!"Unless Alexs eyes were deceiving them, Fudge was suddenly looking awkward."Circumstances change, HarryWe have to take into accountin the present climateSurely you don't want to be expelled?""Of course not," said Harry, Alex nodded nonchalantly."Well then, what's all the fuss about?" Fudge laughed . "Now, have a crumpet, Harry while I have a small word with Cyrina.""You blew you aunt up?" Alex asked, as soon Fudge had closed the door.Harry smiled sheepishly as he took a crumpet, "Yeah, but it was an accident," he added quickly "but maybe she sort of deserve it." He added making Alex laugh."Okay, but was I the only one who thought it was odd.""Odd? What do you mean?""Well," Alex paused, "the minister showing up simply because of some underage magic. I mean he didnt even want you punish you. So why even brother showing up at all?"Harry nodded, "yeah I was thinking the same, do you have any idea why?""Maybe," Alex began, "you know about Black right?" Harry nodded, "well he was said to be Voldemort right hand man, so maybe the minster just wanted to make sure you were safe from him. I mean Black most likely wants you dead, so maybe Fudge is just happy to see you alive."Just then the door opened and a smiling Fudge retuned "I have talked with Mrs. Bonteri and she have agreed you can live her for the rest summer. However you must not leave this house unless Mrs. Bonteri knows about it.""Okay," Harry said slowly with a nod. "But why?""Don't want to lose you again, do we?" said Fudge with a hearty laugh. "No, no best we know where you are I mean" Fudge cleared his throat loudly and picked up his black cloak. "Well, I'll be off, plenty to do, you know" It was then Alex saw an opening."Have you had any luck with Black yet?" he asked the Minister.Fudge's finger slipped on the silver fastenings of his cloak. "What's that? Oh, you've heard?"Alex nodded, "It was in the prophet sir.""Yes it was, no, not yet, but it's only a matter of time. The Azkaban guards have never yet failed and they are angrier than I've ever seen them." Fudge shuddered slightly. "Dont worry about this Black will never be a threat to your children. So, I'll say good-bye."He held out his hand and Harry shook it. Alex, shaking it next."Er  Minister? Can I ask you something?" Harry spoke up."Certainly," said Fudge with a smile."Well, third years at Hogwarts are allowed to visit Hogsmeade, but my aunt and uncle didn't sign the permission form for me. D'you think you could ?"Fudge was looking uncomfortable. "Ah," he said. "No, no, I'm very sorry, Harry, but as I'm not either of your parent or guardian ""But you're the Minister of Magic," Harry said eagerly. "If you gave me permission""No, I'm sorry, Harry, but rules are rules," said Fudge flatly. "Perhaps you'll be able to visit Hogsmeade next year. In fact, I think it's best if you don't yes well, I'll be off. Enjoy your stay, Harry." With those words, the minister left."Well that sucks?" Alex said."Yeah" Harry nodded as Cyrina entered the room."So Alex, would show Harry where he will sleep, then I send Mix up with some goodies to you room and let your boys, what do you call it hang out."Harrys point of view.Harry was a bit surprised how big the house Alex lived in was. There was a lot of guest room, a big dining hall, some offices, a big library and a swimming pool among other things. Alex explained that many magical houses were bigger in the inside, like Mr. Weasleys car. After Alex had shown Harry around, they talked a bit with Alexs uncle and grandfather, as they left the boys went up to Alexs room.As Harry stepped into the room, he could help but be amazed Alex, it was large, agian lager then it appeared from the outside, it was filled with different stuff both muggle (like a television) and magical, and yet all was neatly organized. The room had a kings size bed at the window, and desk at the other end. There were a lot on books on the shelf, along with pictures of all of Alexs friends and family, some of them had Harry, Hermione and Alex in them and others had Alexs friends from the Slytherin house in them, however most them was of Daphne. Harry saw that one of the house elves already had brought the food up."Wow a cool room Alex," Harry said still looking around the room."Thanks, I try to keep it simple""You sure have a lot of pictures of Daphne, what you like her" Harry teased and laughed as his friend failed to hide a blush fast enough."N-no I mean she by best friend, you can be friends with a girl you know, and beside I have a lot of pictures of my friends. Anyway speaking of like, what about you and Hermione?"This time Harry blushed, as he had wondered about the hug Hermione had given him, did she like him, did he like her in that way. She was a great friend, but girlfriend maybe."Hallo earth to Harry"Harry blinked. "As you said you can be friends with a girl."Alex smiled "Anyway do you want to talk about the Dursleys?"Harry paused, he wanted to tell it all to Alex, unlike Ron and Hermione he didnt judge and he knew he could count on his loyalty. Yes, he should tell him.And he did; Harry told how his aunt Marge treated him, how she always had treated him, the things she had told him about his parents."Wow Harry, I can understand why you blew her up."Harry nodded, "She just made my so mad Alex. But I mean it was wrong, I shouldn't have attacked. ""Hey I get it, and I dont think it was wrong, oh at least I would have done the same.""So have you heard from Ron?" Harry said changing to subject, "you huys have made up right?" He asked not wanting his two best friends to be fighting all the time.Alexs face didnt exactly comforted Harry, "I dont know Harry, he wrote me, but it wasnt much. I hope he have come to his senses", Alex paused, "But hey doesnt mean you cant be friends with him and me at the same time."Okay I guess I can accept it."The boys continued to talk about random stuff all the night; they just talked about random stuff, future classes some new cool spells and so on, for one of the first time Harry felt like a normal boy, hanging out with his friend. When they reached, midnight Alexs mother popped in and said it was time for bed.As Harry entered his bedroom, he couldnt help feeling happy as he petted Hedwig, "so do you like it here?"The owl hooted happily, "yeah I like it too. It feels like a home"Hedwig nipped him gently, before she flew outside properly to hunt with Archimedes. Harry went to bed thinking it would be a great summer and whising he could live here.So that was the first chapter, a bit slow start. Next time Alex and Harry will go to Diagon Alley, where they will met friends' and do some shopping. Please let me know what your think.
