Hey, so yeah I finished my other story already so I am taking this out of temporal hiatus. This is my third ( and hopefully last) revision of the story, unfortunately I had to change the number of chapters so that meant removing most of the reviews. I really didn't want to let those reviews go, there were all valuable and helped me decide on some points even so the chapters that are coming are good enough to rise those review numbers again.TO RETURNING READERS: Yeah I know I talked a lot on how this story was turning long and no action happened but I have decided to increase the number of chapters even more. After finishing "Ron Weasley and the Philosopher Stone" I had come to understand the differences with this and respect those differences, the Ron story had great battles every fourth chapter but this cannot be the same. Here we have things to explain and things to set up and so yeah I'm right now planning for the return to Hogwarts chapter to be until chap 15 (Ginny POV btw)... That is a long way but I can promise the biggest pay-off later like that, don't worry I will know how to put a good action scene when the time is right. Hope you enjoy this again, not much was changed besides a few characters' reactions so even if you don't re-read I think you'll be fine when the new chapter is published.TO NEW READERS: Enjoy, this story will start slow because of many things that had to be deal with but it will get into the action and big events soon enough.HARRYThe walls kept moving fast as flashes of cold light jumped every couple of seconds. He was in a long and dark corridor that he couldn't recognize but it didn't really matter, he was in a hurry.His strides echoed steadily like on a big and empty hall, the corridor didn't seem to end. It was crucial to get there soon but he could not remember why."Harry!" Ron's voice burst from the distance."Ron! Where are you? What is happening?" he yelled quickening his pace.No answer."Harry! help!" this time it was Hermione's voice piercing the air. She was suffering."Hermione! I'm coming! Where are you?!"He thrust forward with the irrepressible fear of not getting there on time, the shouts of pain turning louder as he continued his motion. Sirius and most of the Weasleys were there too but he couldn't see them, his eyes could not distinguish anything beyond the dark and endless corridor.Why wasn't he with them? If Dumbledore had not left him behind this would not be happening. He was capable, he was useful.Just when the anxiety was turning unbearable an exit emerged in the distance, a tall figure was waiting for him impatiently there, about to rush through the black door."Come on Harry! We must keep that weapon away from him." Cedric said eagerly. "We'll take it at the same time. It's still a Hogwarts victory. We'll tie for it." Cedric's foot was already at the other side of the door and his right hand was on the doorknob."No!" Harry panicked "Cedric, wait!" but the words were pointless since Cedric had already gone through the door."NOOO! Come back!"The green eyes watered in frustration. He was still far away from that door when it began to close slowly, gathering all of his energies he ran even faster than before.CRASH.He slammed directly against the solid door just as it closed completely. Screams came from the other side so he stood up at once, he grabbed the doorknob and forced it back and forth violently. It was locked."CEDRIC! Open the door!"Then a green light passed across the crack at the bottom of the black door."NOOO!"Harry threw himself against the door repeatedly. The third time it opened and everything went dark and silent.All the world was in shadows, his eyes could not reached any sort of light. There were no distinguishable walls either and the entrance behind him was gone. Suddenly a high-pitched laughter thundered all around, growing louder and louder."Bow to death, Harry"He turned almost instantly with his wand drawn and held it high. He was sweating and his right hand was gripping the wand tightly.A massive hooded figure hovered in front of him, no face or feet were visible. It was a huge dementor filling the air with its unnatural coldness, laying behind it Harry got a glimpse of a motionless body."Dudley!""It has not kissed him! He has not been kissed!" Harry muttered trying to convince himself, the cold sweat was sliding through his face.Harry raised his wand and shouted, "EXPECTO PATRONUM!"Soon the tip of his wand started to glow but before the silvery stag came out a hand took the wand away from him and an annoying light covered it all.Harry was now standing on a spacious room surrounded by a dozen people on black robes. The one on the middle was a portly little man with rumpled gray hair. Cornelius Fudge, the minister, was holding Harry's wand."Based on your recent violation of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery this court has decided to expel you from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." he said."But- I had to do it! There was a dementor!"The minister didn't seemed to register Harry's words. "You are now exiled from the entire Wizarding World." after that the man broke Harry's wand in half with an audible crack."NOOO!... You can't do this!" he shouted while the figures became more distant."Sorry mate. Need to go." he heard Ron's voice in his head."We cannot see you anymore. We're sorry Harry." Hermione's voice sounded gloomy.He saw them from very far away, walking by the side of Dumbledore. He tried to follow but somehow he knew that he would never be able to reach them. Neither of them responded to his pleads. Albus Dumbledore never looked back.Then he woke up.The green eyes opened at once. It was all dark and the high ceiling was hardly visible. The first sound that reached his ears was his own hard breathing."Damn..." he muttered slowly to himself.It was only another nightmare. He leaned on his elbows trying to cool down and little by little the events that led him there came back to him. He had been at Grimmauld Place for a couple of days now and the dreams weren't improving. The corridor and the door had appeared recently but he didn't know what they meant.He sat heavily extending his right hand to the small nightstand at the side of the bed. Before putting his round glasses on he wiped the sweat away from his forehead and rubbed the top of his nose. The room was completely in shadows and he barely noticed Ron's shape on the other bed. He was sound asleep.What was that weapon that Sirius was talking about? Was it really that crucial?The floorboards creaked as he made his way to the loo. While washing his face the concerns that haunted Harry raced in his head. Why wasn't Dumbledore talking to him? He was useful. Why didn't the Order gave him a bigger part in all of this? After all, he had been the one who saw him return.Then there was the hearing. In three days he would have to face a court full of wizards that could expel him from Hogwarts forever. Expelled. The thought seemed unreal, Hogwarts was Harry's true home. What if Dumbledore couldn't stop them from doing it? Harry knew that they were only waiting for a chance to silence him.Harry realized that it was early in the morning, he knew it by the sounds that came from downstairs, probably Mrs Weasley was already wandering around the kitchen. Harry put some clothes on and decided to join her, anyway he wasn't going to get much sleep now. There was no point in waking up Ron either, it was already too late for Harry but the redhead was a completely different case."Good Morning" he said grimly as he entered the kitchen. Professor Lupin was seated reading the Prophet with a cup of tea while Mrs Weasley was preparing some more, no one else was there yet."Good Morning dear" Mrs Weasley forced a smiled when she saw Harry."Morning Harry, rough night?" Lupin said slightly raising his eyes from the paper.Harry nodded weakly taking the seat next to him, "Any news?""Nothing of importance fortunately"Harry took a cup of tea from Mrs Weasley."Worried about the hearing, I presume" Lupin asked."A bit nervous, yes. Hope I don't mess it up.""Everything will be fine Harry. Dumbledore has all the defence ready." Mrs Weasley said.Harry smiled not very convinced. At that moment they heard the main door opening."That's strange, it's too early for Tonks to be here." Mrs Weasley said."Maybe it's another person from the Order. We should've heard Sirius' mother screaming by now if that were Tonks." Lupin added sipping his tea with traces of a smirk on his face.The person that Harry expected the least walked then into the kitchen, Voldemort himself would have been less surprising. The boy by the door was nervous but alert and he was holding his wand in defence position. His eyes looked at Mrs Weasley, then at Professor Lupin and finally they landed on Harry's disconcerted green eyes letting out a sigh of relief.Lupin stood up immediately launching a curse at him without even looking at the boy's face. "Stop!" Harry yelled at his former professor but the stunner was already flying towards Neville Longbottom.The boy only swung his wand lightly, almost lazily, and the stunner was deflected.Harry was taken aback, the Neville he knew could barely hold a wand without being a threat to himself and there he was stopping Lupin's curse as if it was a small breeze."Neville!? What are you doing here?" Harry said."Hey Harry" the boy answered."Longbottom?" Lupin was surprised. Obviously he had recognized him, he had taught him Defence Against the Dark Arts on his third year too."Hi professor, nice to see you again." He said with a smile."Does he know the secret to this location?" Mrs Weasley asked quietly to no one in particular."I don't think so, Harry?" Lupin faced Harry without lowering his wand. Harry shook his head with his mouth slightly opened and without looking away from Neville."I think you have some questions to answer" the professor said to the boy. "Supposing that you are really Neville Longbottom.""I am and I will" he saidA curse then came flying from the hallway but Neville dodged it on time. "I'm a friend!" he yelled as he dove into the kitchen putting a shield around him just in time to stop a new curse from hitting him. When he was near to the corner of the kitchen Sirius came through the door pointing his wand at Neville."Who are you and what are you doing here?" Sirius demanded in a strong voice while ropes flew from his wand towards Neville. The round face boy reacted on time though and with a flick of his wand he turned the ropes into long lines of multicolored paper that fell weakly to the floor."I'm a friend of Harry and I will answer your doubts once you stop throwing curses at me!" he shouted as two more red hexes hit Neville's new shield.Sirius was considering it and after a moment he stopped.Neville then raised his left hand in surrender and lowered his right hand leaving his wand on the floor. When he stood up again he kicked his wand on Sirius direction. Sirius picked it up without lowering his own wand."Can we talk now?" Neville asked to Sirius."All right, but you better have a solid reason to be here." Professor Lupin and Harry were shocked after witnessing the boy's ability."I do. Can we have Professor Dumbledore here for my explanation? I don't want to repeat myself." Neville asked.After couple of seconds Lupin spoke. "I'll call him, he needs to know how you passed the defences even if you are friendly."Neville smiled at Mrs Weasley. "Molly, would it be too much of a problem if I ask for a cup of tea? The welcome so far hasn't been of the best and we all need to calm down."This was not Neville Longbottom, at least that was what Harry thought. Neville is not that eloquent neither is he so familiar towards Mrs Weasley."Did you just called her Molly?" Lupin asked thrilled."He is an impostor" Sirius growled. Mrs Weasley only stood there trying to understand what was happening."Oh I think did, didn't I?" a little smile appeared on his lips. "Sirius, Professor Lupin, I am not an impostor. I am the real Neville Longbottom and that will be cleared up in a moment." he said unhurriedly."Do you know who he is?" Lupin asked surprised pointing at Sirius."Yes. He is Sirius Black." That caught Sirius' attention."And are you not scared or nervous to be around a fugitive?" The werewolf continued."Why should I? Is he less innocent today than he was yesterday?" Everybody was speechless. Harry was sure that Neville was enjoying the bewilderment in the room."How- ?... Harry?" Lupin's question was clear enough."I- I didn't tell him" he said still looking at his school partner with wide eyes."How do you know that?" Mrs Weasley asked."We'll talk about it once Professor Dumbledore is here"Lupin let out a sigh, there was no point in pressing him if he was still planning to talk. "I think a tea will do us good Molly. I dropped mine on the disturbance""I don't think that would be a problem" Mrs Weasley said. She served the tea and put it on the table then Neville turned around and sat down taking a cup. It did not go unnoticed that Neville didn't had a problem with giving his back to Sirius after the attack, he sat there sipping peacefully from his tea as if nothing had happened.Harry was dumbfounded, this could not be Neville Longbottom. He dueled like a professional, Harry knew that if the boy lowered his wand it was not because he was afraid of facing Sirius but probably because he was outnumbered. He even managed to get inside Grimmauld Place when it was supposed to be impossible to pass through the Fidelius charm. Who was this boy?"Harry?""Eh?" Harry was startled, he was not expecting to be addressed then."You can trust me.""Why should I?""I know how this looks like but I assure you that I'm here to help.""To help with what?""First with a problem that we have to deal with as soon as possible and if that doesn't work... well then we can talk about handling Voldemort I guess."Neville knew about Voldemort? He was even saying his name without flinching. And what problem could possibly be more important than Voldemort?Harry was sure that he had his mouth opened in astonishment. The rest of the people in the room who were listening to their exchange looked quite shocked as well."You know about Voldy." Sirius said"He had just returned, Yeah I know.""What other problem you are talking about?" Lupin said drinking a sip from his own tea with his attention on the boy, the Prophet forgotten."We'll get to that"Sirius had a distrust face and by the look on Professor Lupin's it was clear that he was also trying to reconcile the image he had from the clumsy boy with this calm and confident fighter. They were all silent taking tea on the table.No one spoke any more until Dumbledore arrived."Mr Longbottom, what an interesting surprise." the headmaster said."Nice to see you again Professor" he said with a half smile."Can I ask you how did you got here my boy?""You can, but I'll only answer under Veritaserum sir. I don't want to be doubted."Everyone was surprised. Dumbledore turned to Professor Lupin."Albus, he knows about Voldemort but he has mentioned a more important problem. He duels pretty good too, he is nothing alike the boy I taught.""I see" the headmaster redirected his glance to the fifteen year old boy, the piercing blue eyes fixed on him. Neville didn't look away."I guess our next step is clear then" He said taking out a small vial with a transparent liquid."Wait, Harry can you please wait for us outside?" Mrs Weasley asked.Being left in the dark wasn't something that Harry liked, he had been the one to witness Voldemort's return, why did they thought that he didn't have the right to know what was going on? He wasn't a kid anymore, he wanted to help the Order. He frowned a little bit and opened his mouth preparing a good argument when..."No. Harry stays." the rounded face boy said.Harry turned to Neville with a stunned expression."I don't think you are in a position to argue." said Lupin."Well, if you don't agree with this I can assure you that Harry finds out what you are guarding at the Department of Mysteries, right here, right now." he said with a threatening but calmed voice.Everyone was shocked.Department of Mysteries? Harry couldn't believe that Neville knew about what the Order was hiding from him. Was there where the weapon was being kept?"You are speaking of things that you don't fully understand boy" said the headmaster soberly trying to decipher Neville through his half moon spectacles."I do understand and if you don't want Harry to know what is on those shelves you better agree with my request." Neville didn't yield.Shelves? What kind of weapon is stored in shelves? Maybe they kept many weapons in there.Sirius was utterly surprised. The people on the kitchen couldn't believe what they were hearing."What shelves?" Harry asked turning quickly from one face to the other.Neville then turned to look at Harry and spoke to him with a very calmed voice, "Harry, there is a reason why Professor Dumbledore is hiding things from you, is a good one but it can be sorted out." he said to him before turning to Professor Dumbledore again. "Now Professor, I want Harry to stay. If you don't want him to know those things then just don't ask them while I'm under the serum."There was a moment of complete silence when Neville Longbottom and Albus Dumbledore looked at each other without backing away."All right Mr Longbottom, I agree with your request. Is there any other complain?" Dumbledore said the last thing addressing the whole room. Mrs Weasley wanted to say something but she didn't know how. Sirius was smiling, it appeared that he was starting to like Neville despite their first rough encounter.Even when Harry wasn't sure what had just happened, he was eager to get at least some information."Thanks" he muttered to Neville and the boy nodded with a light smile.The door was closed and three drops of the serum went right through Neville's throat. Harry didn't know what to think about him, he still said that there was a reason to hide things from him but that didn't frustrate him as much as Dumbledore's actions. Neville said that he knew the reason of the headmaster and that it was a good one, he also seemed willing to sort the difficulties out in order to let Harry be informed. He trusted Harry."What is your name?" Dumbledore began."Neville Longbottom" he said, by the room's reaction Harry supposed that some people still thought that he was a Death Eater in disguise."Who are your parents?""Frank and Alice Longbottom""Are you a Death Eater?""No" a sigh was released from Mrs Weasley."How did you entered this secured place?""I took the knight bus to ten blocks away from here then I walked to the number 12 of Grimmauld Place covered on an old invisibility cloak that I obtained last week, once here I came through the main door when nobody was watching." Dumbledore raised an eyebrow.Everyone was interested. He did not only got inside of the Order's headquarters but he did it with the needed precautions to avoid that the place was spotted."Invisibility cloaks are expensive." Sirius said."This one is second-handed and it's very worn out. That's why I came this early, in full daylight I would have been noticeable. I have a trust vault from my parents and my grandmother also gives me money, I got the cloak at a good price last week at Diagon Alley." It was clear that Neville had planned carefully his trip to Grimmauld Place."Where is this cloak?""I have it with me." at these words he took a silvery gray item from his trousers and he put it on the table. It really was an invisibility cloak, it was not as good as Harry's and you could see through it at some spots but it could probably hide a person well enough under low light."Why didn't you use a Disillusionment Charm?" Dumbledore asked. "Something tells me you wouldn't have a problem doing one.""The trace. I didn't know if that could put me in trouble." the headmaster raised an eyebrow."What's the trace?" Harry asked.Sirius and Professor Lupin looked ready to answer but Neville who was under the serum could not avoid a direct question. "It's the charm that the Ministry uses to track underage magic.""Oh... but he already did magic, he dueled Sirius" said Harry. "Wouldn't the Ministry know...? I mean- the underage restriction..." for a moment he turned to the entrance expecting a Ministry letter to come and put Neville on his same situation."That doesn't work here, this is a magical household pup, they can't detect that in here. I'll explain later" said Sirius as Harry nodded. Mrs Weasley didn't look happy that he had been told that.After a pause Dumbledore continued with the questions to Neville. "How did you get pass the Fidelius charm?" everybody was waiting for that answer."As I said, I only walked through the door, I didn't break the charm since I knew where the place was. It is still working correctly.""Who gave you the location of this place then?""Harry did"All the people in the room turned towards Harry, except for Dumbledore and Neville."I- I didn't. I haven't write to anybody since I arrived here... besides I'm not able to do it either way, I'm not the secret keeper!" Harry was trying to justify himself."Harry is not the secret keeper" Professor Dumbledore repeated pressing Neville, this time very intrigued."He is" at this Harry thought that Neville had found a way to trick the serum. Dumbledore was about to say something but the boy beat him to it, "He is since 1998"A fog of confusion filled the entire room. Nobody there was certain of anything anymore. Albus Dumbledore on the other side seemed to finally understand what was happening. With a light smile he asked another question "How old are you my boy?""Thirty nine""He is clearly disguised!" Sirius said grabbing his wand again."But he did say that he was Neville Longbottom. Neville Longbottom is Harry's age." Lupin interjected in disbelief."Can it be a coincidence on the name?" Mrs Weasley asked Lupin but he didn't got the chance to answer."What year do you come from?""2019""He's... from the future?" Professor Lupin asked to no one in particular but the serum made Neville answer either way."Yes""But... time turners can't go that far? Can they?" Harry asked gaining everybody's attention after remembering the events from his third year."I didn't use a time turner." Neville continued."What did you use?" Dumbledore was very interested."I don't know, I was caught in a disaster with some students and probably books from the Restricted Section.""Explain yourself.""I was heading to my office when I saw James Potter on an empty classroom-" He was stopped by Sirius."James Potter is dead!""I meant James Sirius Potter, Harry's son." Neville said.Harry gaped. He had a son. He was alive in 2019, yesterday he didn't thought that was possible. Was all of this true?"You named your son after me pup!" Sirius said putting an arm over his shoulder, suddenly more willing to believe Neville."Err.. yeah I suppose so" now that he thought about it the name made perfect sense. "How couldn't I? You are the closest thing to a father I have ever had."Sirius was grinning. "Well thanks but you know, that name is going to put him in a lot of trouble.""Merlin! that boy is going to be a walking explosion!" Lupin said throwing one hand to his forehead. Some of the people in the room laughed momentarily.Then Harry turned to the boy that haven't stopped surprising him this day. He found something more on Neville's words. "Neville, are you a teacher?""Herbology teacher and head house of Gryffindor." grins came out from the faces of Sirius, Harry and Professor Lupin. The previous tension looked only like a bad memory now. Since Neville was under the serum Harry imagined that he could ask about his doubts but he knew that would be wrong, that would surely make him lose the trust that Dumbledore gave him by allowing him to be there."Neville you can continue with your story." Professor Dumbledore insisted on the important matter."Well, I found him on the classroom. He was with Rose Weasley..." Mrs Weasley was about to speak with a big smile but the headmaster stopped her with a hand gesture. Mrs Weasley's face saddened but she knew that it was not the important issue right now. "... they were arguing as always. They had this strange book from the Restricted Section or so I understood from the shouting. When I tried to find out what was going on a huge light caught me, the next thing I knew is that I was fourteen again and in my old bedroom.""Interesting story Mr Longbottom, Do you have an idea of the item or spell that sent you back here?""No Professor""For how long have you been in this time?""Almost a month now""Oh I see, are you planning to change something in this timeline?" Dumbledore said on a severe voice."No. The future is quite good as it is.""We won? He is gone?" Mrs Weasley asked him shocked."Yes, Voldemort was killed definitely on May 2nd of 1998" Dumbledore's eyebrows went up."That is almost three years from now! He will kill hundreds of people by then." Mrs Weasley panicked."Yes he will" Neville answered causing Mrs Weasley to flinch. So many people die, Harry's face went grim. He now had many loved ones, he couldn't bear the possibility of losing them. Ron, Hermione, Sirius, Professor Lupin, Hagrid, the rest of the Weasleys. Would they die?"Who does it? Who kills him?" Sirius said with an anger tone, he was surely thinking about all the people that Voldemort was going to kill but he was completely surprised when Neville answered him."Harry"When Neville said that Voldemort was gone Harry had thought that it was Dumbledore the one who killed him. Everyone except for Dumbledore and Neville were watching Harry now as if he had just defeated a Hungarian Horntail with a spoon. He didn't know what to say."B-But... Me?" was all he was able to mumble."Yes" the serum on Neville spoke again."Way to go pup!" Sirius said. Dumbledore had a hint of a smile on his face."So what are your plans Mr Longbottom. You had said that you like the future and that you don't want it changed so why did you took a month to contact me?""My first intention was to let you wipe my memory to let the future unaffected but in order to do that I needed to contact Harry first.""And why did you needed Harry?""First I trust him the most, better than you. I would trust my life to him..."Harry was shocked. Neville really trusted his future self but currently they were not that close. What happened on the future? Then he noticed Sirius and Lupin seeing him with very proud eyes. He was going to be a war hero too, fighting with friends by his side like the Marauders did. How many of his friends was Harry going to see die? Was anyone going to betray him?Harry tried to focus on something less discouraging. Neville trusted him better than Dumbledore. That was a big deal, that was the reason he wanted Harry to stay. They were friends."... I also needed to find James Potter. If James Potter is here then the time may be altered already and I shouldn't let my memory be wiped out." Neville concluded."Why didn't you send me an owl?" Harry asked."An owl can be tracked and intercepted."Dumbledore then continued "If James Potter is in this time and we cannot send him back before the time is altered what do you plan to do?" the headmaster asked."I plan to fight of course, like last time. I would want to be in the Order in that case."Everybody was amazed at the determination of Neville but they still saw him as a fifteen years old boy."Why do you think you can help the Order, boy?" Sirius questioned him."I have the knowledge of the future events. I know what are your plans and also the enemy's plans. I know what needs to be done to ensure that Voldemort doesn't return." Dumbledore seemed surprised which was not a common thing to happen. "Also I have some experience from last time.""Well that sounds like an useful information to share, but I don't think you could be in the field. You were what- seventeen when the war ended?" Sirius said. "What's your experience in real battle, eh?""I joined Dumbledore's Army on 1995. I fought versus Death Eaters on the Battle of the Department of Mysteries on 1996. On 1997 I became Dumbledore's Army leader because of Harry's departure. In my seventh year I did my best to keep the fight going at Hogwarts when it fell under Voldemort's control. I fought on Hogwarts Battle on 1998 by the side of the Order Of the Phoenix and the Hogwarts' Staff leading a group of students. I faced Voldemort when he came to the castle for the last time before his defeat. I used the Gryffindor sword to kill Nagini then. I worked with Harry on the aftermath of the battle to catch the remaining Death Eaters."Battle of the Department of Mysteries? Battle of Hogwarts? Dumbledore's Army? Gryffindor's sword? Harry was utterly shocked. Who was this boy and what did he do with Neville Longbottom?The people on the room were dumbfounded. When Sirius tried to say something more Dumbledore cut him off. "I think that asking more things to Mr Longbottom could compromise the future that he's trying to defend. Either way I believe we have enough information to trust him." Then he gave the antidote to Neville."Just for you to know. The facing Voldemort part was not as heroic as it sounded." Neville said the moment he was released from the effects of the Veritaserum.Albus Dumbledore talked to the room about what they needed to do. If James Potter was sent back with Neville they needed to find him and find out where he has been in the last month. They also needed to verify that no other time traveler was around that could compromise the future. The headmaster said that in the meantime he would try to discover how they got sent back in the first place, if he was lucky enough he might be able to return everything to normal.Harry who was the one with the direct connection, said that nothing had happened around him yet to prove that James was indeed in 1995. After a few private words with Neville the headmaster left Grimmauld Place asking to contact him if any news of James Potter were heard. Albus Dumbledore didn't saw Harry in the eyes the whole time that he was there.After the headmaster was gone there was a moment of silence but eventually things moved forward. Sirius returned Neville his wand and Mrs Weasley decided that serving breakfast was a good way to let the information settle on all of them.The portrait of Mrs Black had its chance to yell when Tonks arrived. When Lupin explained her the situation she got shocked as well but in no time she was making her own theories, she seemed to be very excited."I believe that James wasn't sent back. He doesn't even have a body in this time" she said to Neville."I agree with Tonks. It has been a month, we should have heard of him by now." Lupin said. "At least Harry. If James had returned Harry should be able to notice.""I hope you're right. In that case I would be going very soon." he answered.With Lupin's words Tonks seemed to think on another possibility. "What about James' mother? Couldn't James be with her?" she said facing Neville.Harry's face paled. He hadn't thought about that. Who was James' mother? Was it Cho? That was a possibility that made his heart go faster. He turned his head rapidly to where the round face boy was seated.Neville only gave a small grin to him. "Professor Dumbledore asked me about that. Don't worry we have that covered. We will be watching over her."Everyone except Harry seemed pleased by this. Why not bring her here where it was safe? Harry felt awkward worrying about a girl that he might not even know yet."Why don't we bring her here?" Harry tried not to sound anxious."Because we want to minimize the impact I'm having. It might be better if she doesn't know that she is James' mother." Neville answered.Harry nodded sadly."Don't worry she will be fine."A minute later Harry decided he wanted to ask about something else."Err.. Neville why did you waited one month to try to contact me?""Well I knew that you wouldn't be here until around a week after your birthday. I know the future, remember?" he said smiling."Oh" Harry paused and then asked something that he was missing. "Eh, I know that this may sound weird but how does James look? I need to be able to identify him."Neville laughed slightly. "You have pictures of your father right?" Harry nodded. "Well he is basically identical except for some small freckles and his hair is a bit more auburn.""You know how my dad looks?" Harry asked surprised."Sure, I have pictures where he is with my father.""Oh right"Some time later Ron and the twins came to the kitchen. The twins noticed Neville right away and they stood on the doorway staring at him. Ron on the other side, sat at the table with a hungry face giving a lazy greeting to Harry. He didn't saw Neville until he raised his head from his plate."Bloody Hell! Neville what are you doing here?!" Ron yelled.Everybody laughed except for Mrs Weasley who didn't like the language used by her son.Obviously it was a shock for the Weasley boys to hear the news of Neville's arrival. Harry still didn't quite assimilate it himself. If they were be going to win the war he should be happy, he tried to convince himself of that."So Neville, do any of us have kids on the future?" Fred said and Mrs Weasley seemed very interested on his answer."If we can solve this then you don't need that information. If we cannot then we'll see if I can tell you about that." Neville said.The twins seemed disappointed."By the way can I borrow an owl from someone? I have to let my grandmother know that I'm fine.""Sure. You can use Hedwig.""Harry, I believe that Hedwig is quite identifiable. How about using Ron's owl?" Lupin said and everyone nodded.Then Hermione appeared on the kitchen door."Oh Good Morning Hermione, where is Ginny?""Good Morning Mrs Weasley, she'll be here in a moment she felt a little sick when she woke up." the bushy haired girl answered."This morning too?" Mrs Weasley said on a worry tone."Yeah I think so." she then looked at the rest of the people in the table "Good Morning Every... Neville?"Ginny came through the door at that moment looking kind of green. "What's for breakfast?" she asked."Bac'on N' Egjs, wan' some?" Ron said to her talking with his mouth full.When Ginny saw the food her cheeks inflated and she stormed towards the bathroom."Wonder what's wrong with her. At least she didn't woke up in cranky mode today." Hermione said with a concerned voice.Harry who was looking at Neville noticed how an idea seemed to be forming on his mind. Neville's eyes opened like saucers in the direction where Ginny exited the kitchen then he spoke very loudly."Oh crap!"
