RON"Ron! breakfast is ready!"He almost fell from the bed at the sound of his mother's yells. Waking up was not one of Ron's favourite things to do so early in the morning but he knew that it was not wise to upset her when she started to get loud."I'm coming!" he answered hoping that his voice could reach the ground floor of the old house.In a couple of minutes he was ready to go down and grab some food, he still had to clean up his room but that could surely wait until noon or something like that. However, just before going through the door he caught a glimpse of a wrinkled paper peering below his pillow.Ron's smile came out instantly, he couldn't hide how excited he was about the year to come. He allowed himself to go back to the bed just to read that piece of paper one more time.HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY.Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)Dear Mr. Weasley,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on September 1. We await your owl no later than July 31.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagallDeputy HeadmistressEver since he could remember he had heard many wonderful things about Hogwarts and he was eager to be there already. Ron had five older brothers and all of them had been at Gryffindor, the house of the bravest wizards. He kept wondering if he would end up there too, the Weasleys had been Gryffindors since... well ever, so he didn't know how his family could react if he turned out to be a Hufflepuff.He put the thought away from his head immediately. His brothers had great achievements but he surely had his own talents -at least he hoped so- and besides he had heard that the Hufflepuffs were just a bunch of pushovers and he wasn't like that."RON!"He almost fell to the floor this time. He put the letter back under the pillow at once and ran downstairs as quick as it was physically possible for him.When he arrived at the table everybody was there already, even Ginny - his younger and only sister - who usually overslept as much as he did."Good morning Ickle little Ronnie..." Fred - one of his brothers - said."your breakfast is getting old." George completed Fred's sentence, they were twins and they did that a lot."If you keep waking up this late you may miss the train next moth." Ron glared at them, he knew that his parents wouldn't let him miss the train but the twins were used to tease him."Shut up!" he answered."Boys, leave your brother alone." Ron's father said, it was Saturday so he didn't had to go to work that day. His father worked at the Ministry of Magic at the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office which fascinated him because he was a huge fan of Muggle things. Ron had to admit that he also had some kind of curiosity about Muggles and how they managed to live without Magic, he had spend all of his life surrounded by it and he couldn't think on a different way to live.At breakfast her mother gave the great announcement that Ron had been waiting since he got his letter a couple of weeks before."Kids, I have separated the money that we are going to use for school supplies this year. We'll be going shopping tomorrow."Some cheers were heard on the table, mostly from Ron and the twins. Ginny looked pretty sad since she was only ten years old and she was not going to Hogwarts until next year. She was the youngest of the Weasley kids so this was going to be the first year that she stayed at the Burrow with not even one of her brothers there."Mother do you think that I can have a new set of robes this year?" Percy asked. He was the oldest Weasley brother still living at the Burrow, Ron had two more brothers but they had already finished school."We'll see Percy"Ron was halfway through his breakfast when someone knocked at the front door."Wonder who might that be. Were you expecting someone Arthur?" Ron's mother asked to her husband."No dear""All right, I'll go see who it is then" she said walking out of the room.Ron's attention went back to his plate but before he could put any food on his mouth the yell from a girl reached the table."Grandma!"All the Weasleys turned their heads in the main door's direction, even Ron's father let his morning edition of the Daily Prophet on the table."Who's that?!" Fred asked with a shocked face, his question was mirrored across the faces of all the Weasley siblings."It's probably a mistake, I'll check." their father said as he stood up.The Weasleys were thrilled, specially the twins who didn't stop looking at each other. Percy looked the least interested but still he had raised an eyebrow turning in the door's direction.Ron's father had barely given a couple of steps towards the entrance when his wife appeared in the kitchen clearly overwhelmed, four kids were standing by her side. And everybody went silent."Arthur..." she started. "... these kids are calling me Grandma. I thought that they were confused, but- look at them." Ron caught her mother staring at him, then she turned slightly to look at Ginny.Ron was as puzzled as his brothers, he was trying to find out what was so strange about those kids. The oldest one was around his age so he might be starting on Hogwarts this year with him, he wore round shaped glasses and he had a reddish tone of brown on his hair. Next to him a younger girl with a bushy hair was looking at them very confused, she had so many freckles on her face and her hair was so red that Ron was thinking very seriously that she could be related to them. There was also a boy with an unruly black hair and green eyes.The first thing that really caught Ron's attention was a red-headed boy on the other side of his mother, he looked pretty young but he was slightly tall for his age, his eyes were blue. It was weird but he kept getting the feeling that he knew him or that he had saw him before. Then a realization hit him, the boy was almost an exact copy of himself, he was younger and there were some minor differences but Ron couldn't explain how was it possible that the boy looked so much like the reflection he saw every morning on the mirror."Ickle little Ronnie! there's two of you!" Fred yelled and soon Ron noticed that all the eyes were set on him."Hey! that was our thing!" George said crossing his arms and now both twins looked as if they were offended."Boys! stop it, we need to find out who these kids are and where are their parents." Ron's father said.Then someone yelled and Ron discovered that the voice belonged to a girl that he hadn't notice before because she was barely peering behind his mother, "Grandpa! you know who we are!" the fifth kid said."Lily! sshh!" the girl with the bushy hair said to her putting a finger on her mouth as a sign to be quiet.The little girl behind Ron's mother had a long red mane and brown eyes, and for a moment he thought that the girl was Ginny. The Weasleys were completely stunned and soon enough all of them were looking at Ginny trying to find an explanation.When Ginny noticed the sudden attention she addressed the room, "What's wrong?" she asked."Oh come on! now everybody has one!" George said."Percy doesn't have one" Fred answered to him.George closed his mouth and started scratching his chin with his finger so he could give the impression of being in deep thought, "Well I believe that the World couldn't take two of them." Percy glared at George's comment."Boys!"By that time Ginny had realized that the little girl looked almost exactly like her because she let out a loud squeal and her eyes went wide, she couldn't take her eyes away from the little girl who apparently was called Lily."This is weird" Ron said."Ok calm down" Ron's father said addressing the five mysterious kids, "We don't know what is going on here but we'll help you find your parents. Lets all go to the living room, we can talk more comfortably there"The kids turned to look at each other without understanding what was going on but they walked to the living room either way."We are not going to miss this" said one of the twins and they both followed.Ron was struggling between his curiosity and the unfinished plate on his place but he ended up going to the living room too. Percy followed too and Ginny came last trying to hide behind her brothers, apparently nobody wanted to miss the identities of the mysterious kids."They're probably lost and looking for their parents" Ron heard Percy said as they stepped out of the kitchen."Or grandparents." Ginny added on a very low voice, she still kept throwing some strange looks to little Lily. Ron couldn't understand her since there was also a copy of himself there and he only wanted to look as far away from him as possible.Soon all of them were comfortably seated in the living room and all the newcomers took a single couch looking very nervous. It was like they were being accused of something."Ok, first, who are you? Can you tell us your names?" Ron's father asked."But you know our names!" Lily said, the girl was very scared. Ron's little clone was nodding in agreement."Our memories are kind of fuzzy today. Can you repeat them for us?" he insisted."Well-" little Lily seemed confused and she turned to the other kids for help, when the boy with the glasses nodded to her she continued. "I'm Lily".Ron's father nodded slowly looking at the other kids."James" said the oldest boy, the one with the glasses."My name is Rose" the girl with the bushy hair followed him."Al" the black haired boy added.Finally Ron's eyes travelled to the red-haired boy that intrigued him so much. "Hugo" he said shyly."Shall we introduce ourselves father?" Percy said but before he could give an answer the boy named Al spoke."We know you already uncle Percy, but you look younger" he said raising and eyebrow and everyone froze.A whole minute passed before Ron's mother talked. "Could you explain how you got here? Where are your parents?" she asked.James scratched his head in clear sign of confusion and then he spoke slowly without taking his eyes away from the girl called Rose. "Err... this is confusing, I don't know what's happening. I thought that you were our grandparents but you look younger." he said looking at Ron's parents but then his eyes moved to the rest of the Weasleys, "All of you look very, very, very young" he finished."You really know us?" Ron asked.All the kids nodded slowly moving their faces around the room and then something weird happened. The girl with the bushy hair, Rose, let out a gasp as she let her hand travel all the way to her mouth, she was staring at the twins. The girl elbowed James and then she made a head gesture towards the twins, the boy raised an eyebrow but when he fixed his eyes on the twins his mouth fell open."What?" George asked, both of them had noticed the attention."Do we have something on our faces?" Fred asked."There are two uncle George" said Lily to Al, she seemed to be very confused.Ron's family exchanged concerned looks, nobody really knew what was going on.Al then gave a weak smile to Lily and turned to the oldest boy, "James, do you think this has something to do with that golden chain""Err... don't know Al, maybe it shrinks people""You shouldn't have grab it in the first place" snorted Rose."We all did""We did not, it was only you!" the redhead girl replied."But we all agreed""No we didn't"They continued arguing and Ron's father tried his best to keep things calm, "Kids, kids, we cannot help you if you don't stop fighting" he said, that seemed to have some effect but they were glaring at each other and muttering things that Ron couldn't understand."At this pace Ginny will start Hogwarts before we solve who they are""It seems so my dearest brother"That somehow had a reaction on James and Rose who stopped bickering and turned to look at the twins with their mouths fully open, "Sh-she hasn't been to Hogwarts?" James asked moving his brown eyes between the twins and Ginny."Of course not, Gin-Gin is ten"Rose released a loud gasp and covered her mouth with both hands then she gave a pretty weird look to James that the boy seemed to understand. She turned to look at Ron's father and spoke with a low voice, "Grandpa, what year is it?"Everyone on the room seemed surprised by the question but Ron's father decided to ignore the Grandpa part and he answered the question. "1991"Gasps were heard among the kids and they started to mumble between them."That's not right... isn't it?" Ron heard the little copy of himself ask the other kids."Kids! what's happening? who are you?" Ron's mother said."Eh... we are-" James started but he was cut off by Rose smacking him on the shoulder. "Ow, why did you do that for?" he complained."Sshh!""What?" the boy asked.Before the girl could say something Al addressed James. "Do you think that telling them is a good idea James?""We need someone to help us, can you think of anyone else?""No" Al answered clearly frustrated."All right then, any other objections? Rose?" James said turning to the bushy haired girl, she glared at him."I don't like it, Mum wouldn't like it" she said crossing her arms.Hugo nodded but Ron thought that he really didn't know what they were talking about."Oh come on! Aunt Hermione doesn't like most of the things we do" James said.Rose frowned at him "She doesn't like most of the things that you do! And it is your fault that we are here either way!" she yelled."Everyone wanted to explore Dad's office!""That's not true and you know it!""You were there!""I wanted to take all of you out of there!"Ron and his entire family looked with their mouths opened at the argument between the two kids, it was like a very even match of Quidditch and Ron was getting tired of moving his head from one kid to the other."All right, James isn't it?" Ron's father said and everybody listened to him. After a slow nod from James he continued talking. "Please explain yourselves, we don't know you so we can't be your grandparents. Maybe if you tell us how you got here we can take you to your real parents.""Eh well- Grandpa" the boy called James started. "We are your grand-kids, from the future""James!" Rose said. "You shouldn't have said that. We need to go back now!""And how can we do that?"Rose and James kept arguing but none of the Weasleys were able to say a word, they were all quite shocked by the news. Ron couldn't believe that, there were many things that he didn't know about Magic but he had lived in a house full of Magic all of his life and he had never heard about time travelling before."You're lying." Percy finally broke the silence."What?" James and Rose said at the same time and they turned to look at Percy. They were so immerse on their own argument that they didn't look like they had a clue about what was Percy saying."You're lying. You cannot time travel... that's not possible, much less for the great amount of time that you are implying.""We did" Rose said frowning at him, moments ago she had been mad at James for saying the whole 'we are from the future' thing and now she was confirming his words. Ron thought that the girl didn't like to be called a liar."Prove it" Fred said."Oh... well" James was scratching his head again, all the five kids were looking at each other. "1991 you said? How about sports results? Do you want to know who wins the league this year? Rose would know for sure." the boy said smiling while Rose threw a nasty glare at him."James that won't work, we would have to wait until the league finishes so they could believe us." Al said."We would want to know either way" George said."Yeah, very good betting information." Fred completed."FRED!" Ron's mother yelled. At that all the five kids turned to look at the twin."Ok, so no sports." James said after a moment. "Oh I know something... do you know Dad yet?""Your father?" Ron heard his mother ask."Yeah, he gets into the Quidditch team on his first year, we won't have to wait for the league to finish to know that. Wait... we're still on August, right? I don't know how this time travel thing works"All of the Weasleys were stunned, Ron had barely understood half of what the boy said."James! we are changing things by being here, he could not get into the team this time." Rose reprimanded him."Oh right" James said and he returned to think on something to prove themselves."Quidditch team?" Fred asked amazed."First year?" George added."That's not possible" Fred said. Everyone knew that they couldn't get into the Quidditch team until they were second years, even Ron and Ginny who hadn't got to Hogwarts knew that."Let me see if I can get this straight." Ron's father started looking at the kids. "You say that you are from the future"The five of them nodded but only James, Rose and Al did it convincingly, the other two just mimicked them."And we are your grandparents?"They nodded again.He paused for a moment before continuing "What was that about August again?""Before we came here it was August and I was wondering if we are still on August, that could help us think on something to prove who we are." James said.Ron saw his father raising an eyebrow. "Today is August 3, 1991" he said reluctantly.A smile appeared on James' face. "Great, then when Dad makes it to the team on this year you will believe us""Who's your father again?""Is one of us, right?" Fred asked.Ron was surprised by that. "One of us?" he asked."Come on Ickle Ronnie! they are from the future..""...and they are calling them grandparents!"Ron's eyes widened."But don't worry my brother I'm sure that they're lying, we'll be going into third year in a month and there is no way you could make it to the Quidditch team on your first year." George said while he put an arm around Ron.Ron frowned at him and pushed him away. He didn't know what was happening but this was getting very weird."They don't know Dad yet." Al said to James."I noticed already, thank you very much Al" James said sarcastically."How can we not know him?" Percy was clearly annoyed. "If you were truly who you say you are then your father should be one of..." he stopped suddenly at that point.At that moment Percy turned back his head to look at Ginny, his mouth fell open. "They're Ginny's kids" he said.Ron was stunned at that statement. He couldn't believe that, his sister was only ten years old it seemed unbelievable that she had kids even if they were from the future.Ginny let out a loud squeal and when Ron looked at her he could notice that her eyes were fully opened. Everyone in the room was staring at her."Hey Mum, how are you?" James said waving at Ginny, a huge grin appeared on his face. Rose snorted.A huge silence covered the kitchen while the Weasleys tried to say something. After a whole minute passed Ron's mother opened her mouth but she couldn't say anything because at that exact moment Al, the black haired boy, yelled."I know!" he shouted catching everyone's attention."What?" James asked."I know how to prove that we are saying the truth!" the boy said."How?!" James asked excited."Show them that thing that you grabbed from Dad's office, the chain. They may know what it is.""Oh yeah I forgot about that." James said.Then James grabbed a gold chain from his neck and when he pulled it out of his shirt Ron saw a weird set of golden hourglasses hanging from the chain. As soon as it became visible the surprise on the face of Ron's father was evident."That's a time turner!" Percy yelled standing up from his chair. Ron didn't know what that meant and apparently only his father and Percy had a clue of what was happening.The kids didn't answer, they didn't look like they understood the hourglass thing much better than Ron."What's a time turner?" Lily asked James but the boy only shrugged."This?" the boy said just to give an answer leaving her very confused."It is a time turner!" Percy said pointing at the golden thing hanging from James' neck. "It's used to travel back in time... but they are highly controlled by the Ministry!""So... they are saying the truth?" Ron asked."I-I- don't know... it's not possible! time turners only go back a few hours.""Apparently that one is better than the ones at the Ministry." George said earning a glare from Percy."This one is special! Mum did it so it should be better!" Hugo said."Ginny did it?""No Grandma! Aunt Ginny didn't do it" the boy said puzzled. "Mum did"Ron was very confused now. "Wasn't Ginny your mother?""Of course not!" Rose said. "Aunt Ginny is James', Al's and Lily's mother.""Is anyone understanding something?... Dad?" George asked.Ron's father let out a sigh and then he started breathing very slowly while rubbing the space between his eyes and his nose. "Well- first things first, James could you please take that out of your neck and put it very slowly over that small table?" he said.James nodded and he did as he was told.Then Ron's father talked again. "Thank you. Now you three-" he said pointing at James, Al and Lily "...are Ginny's kids?"The three of them nodded while he stared at Lily, Ron couldn't deny that she looked a lot like her but what they were saying was unbelievable. Ginny was completely shocked and she kept moving her eyes around the three kids."But you also called me Grandpa" he said then to Rose."You are my grandfather" she said. "James, Al and Lily are my cousins.""Woah! five sickles on the redhead boy, Hugo, being Ickle Ronnie's boy." George said to Fred.Ron's eyes widened at that and he turned to look at the boy, this was just too much for him."There's no bet there brother, the real question would be to guess who was dump enough to marry our little brother." Fred answered.There was no answer from Ron since he was still quite shocked, he was trying to find a way to explain what was happening but the more he looked at Hugo the more he was convinced that he had to be his son."Hey! leave him alone!" Rose yelled frowning at the twins and they were startled for a moment."She's not dump! Mum is really smart!" said Hugo."Seems like you have two" Fred said to Ron and that caused Ron's attention to turn to the girl. Apart from the hair colour, the eyes and the freckles Ron noticed that she didn't look anything like him."Is that true?" Ron's mother asked her, she was the only one smiling on the room.Rose nodded in defeat. "Hugo is my brother and that is our father" she said pointing at Ron who almost fell from his seat at those words. "but he is almost our age.""Calm down then, everything is going to be fine." she said and then she started walking towards the kids."Molly dear, we are not sure of what's happening here yet.""They are scared Arthur! and they could be our grandchildren-" she answered pointing at the golden thing on the small table then she walked the rest of the distance to where the kids were. When she reached them she gave them a huge hug.Everyone else on the room remained seated with their stunned expressions, for Ron it was weird to see these kids that he barely knew hugging his mother so warmly."Everything is all right.. we'll solve this." she said to them."Molly..." Ron's father began but whatever he wanted to say it remained a mystery for Ron because at that exact moment something landed on the living room.Suddenly everyone was looking at a pair of big brown owls with identical envelops on their pecks, all what Ron could distinguish from them was a little stylish 'M' in front of the envelops."Those are from the Ministry!" Percy yelled.Ron's eyes then grew one more time when he saw one of them giving the envelop to him. When he raised his sight he saw that the other one was at the hands of a dumbfounded Ginny. Everyone on the room was looking at them."Is this about the kids?" Ron heard her mother ask with a worried tone."I don't know dear." Ron's father answered and then he talked to Ron and Ginny "You should open those to see what is about."Ron nodded and he slowly opened his letter as the two owls flew away through the same window they came from.Dear Mr. Weasley,We have noticed on our records that you married this morning at ten minutes past nine.This is usually a formality to send you our dearest congratulations. However since you are only eleven years old the Ministry is puzzled about how was this Marriage bond formed. Currently the consent age for marriage is fourteen and the marriage spells won't work on a younger person.As the Ministry officials are thrilled about how this happened we request your presence for a clarification hearing at the Ministry of Magic at 9:30 a.m. on the fifth of August.Enjoy your holidays and Congratulations to you and your new wife!Yours sincerely,Magiries DroversonWIZARDRY REGISTERS AND BONDS OFFICEMinistry of MagicRon almost let his letter fall to the floor."What does it say?" his father asked him, everyone was looking at him questioningly."It-it..""Stop with the suspense, What does it say?" one of the twins asked."It says that I-I'm... married" Ron managed to say very scared."WHAT!?" his mother yelled and raced to where he was and took the letter from him. Her eyes were growing big and her frown was increasing as she read it."Arthur! look at this!" she said handing the piece of paper to his husband.While he read the letter everyone on the room was looking confused trying to find answers in each other's eyes except for Ron's mother who was yelling. "There has to be a mistake! you need to go and check this out!""I don't know what is going on, this is very uncommon." he said when he finished reading the letter. "at that time he was here eating breakfast."Ron nodded with his mouth wide open."We need to do something!""I know Molly." he said and then he turned to look at Ron. "son, have you been doing Magic or anything that may have caused this?""No" Ron answered weakly."I do believe you but I had to ask, no one should be capable to do this and you don't even own a wand yet. This is something very weird and I don't know what could have caused it. I'll go to the Ministry to check, it's Saturday but hopefully I will find someone that can explain this." he said as he stood up."What about Mummy's letter?" Lily asked.Ron saw his father stopping on his way to the door and his mother's eyes widening as she turned quickly to where Ginny was standing with the piece of paper still unopened. Soon everyone was looking at her."Why haven't you opened yours?" Ron asked still very nervous."It's not for me." she said weakly but her eyes showed a great surprise."The owl gave it to you, of course it is yours" Percy added."It is not for me." she insisted frowning."Then who is it for?" George asked."It is for... Mrs Potter" she said and gasps flooded the room for some moments."Let me see that!" Ron's mother yelled.When she was over she handed it to his husband. "It does say Mrs Potter, why did the owl give this to her? Arthur?""I-I... don't know""Potter as in the Potter?" George asked completely stunned."We don't know son, but I don't know any other Potter" his father answered."Merlin!""So is it her letter? is she married too?" Fred asked causing Ginny's eyes to grow as saucers."She is not married! she's only ten!" his mother yelled."She's married to Dad!" Lily yelled. Ron had forgotten about the kids and when he turned to look at them he distinguished the confused looks on their faces."What's your father's name?""You know that Grandpa, everybody knows him. His name is Harry. Why is everybody forgetting things?" she said.For what seemed like a pretty long time all of them were frozen."Harry? Harry Potter?" Ron's mother asked completely paralysed.All of the kids nodded.A loud shriek came from Ginny's direction and when Ron turned he noticed that she was totally red. All of the people in the room were looking at her as if they didn't know her except for the kids who were still trying to decipher what was happening."Why is everyone acting so weird?" Hugo finally said."We're in the past Hugo! they don't know Dad yet." Al added."They will know him next month, well at least uncle Ron." James said.Ron turned quickly to the kids while the rest of the eyes moved from Ginny to him. "I get to know Harry Potter?" he asked."He's your best friend" Hugo said.No one knew what to say, Harry Potter was a hero in their world and even when Ron was usually told that he was around his age he never thought that he would be able to meet him. Ron was so stunned that he didn't even noticed the stares that his brothers were throwing at Ginny and him as if they were some kind of weird creatures."This is enough!" the yell from his mother returned Ron back to reality. "I don't care if he's Harry Potter, Ginny is ten and she is not getting married!""Molly please calm down, I'll go to the Ministry and-""Calm down?! how do you ask me to calm down?! Are you not listening to this?!""I-I- am dear but we need to-" he was interrupted then because someone was calling at the door."Oh this is not a good time for visits!""I'll go get it" Ron's father said and he ran towards the door.When he was gone Fred spoke to his twin. "From what year do you think our next visits come from?"A very dangerous glare came out of their mother's face and they decided to say no more."Eh... Molly?" Ron's father said as he approached them a minute later.Ron then saw his father as he entered the living room, two persons were by his side. One of them was very tall and had a huge silver beard that fit very nice with his flashy blue robes, Ron saw the glasses and the blue deep eyes and he recognized him immediately. That was Albus Dumbledore, his future headmaster, Ron couldn't be wrong on this, after all he had some chocolate frog cards with his accomplishments and his picture on them.Ron's eyes travelled then to the boy by his side, even when almost everyone could appear to be less notorious standing right besides Dumbledore Ron's eyes went wide. Ron had seen that unruly black hair and those green eyes some moments ago on Ginny's kid, Al. They were practically identical except for two important differences, the boy standing before him had a pair of rounded glasses and an unmistakable scar on his forehead with the shape of a lightning bolt.There standing on his living room was Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived.
