AN:/ Okay here's the disclaimer, all book characters belong to J K Rowling and I claim no copyright to any of them, the only characters I own are the ones I made up. Please review, constructive criticism welcomed, please be nice! this is my first storyDuring his years in Hogwarts James could freely admit her was a bit of a smart arse, okay a huge one, In his seventh year the object of his teenage obsessions finally gave him the time of day, Lilly Evans finally said yes and for a short time everything was great until he saw a side of her, that made him regret ever wanting to be with her.James was doing a late night patrol, part of his duties as Head Boy, the quiet of walking through the dark corridors gave him a sense of calm and peace he only had ever felt in the air during Quidditch games. For the past few weeks Lily had been acting strangely, less willing to spend time together and always rushing of but he guessed she was busy studying as usual. Just finishing his rounds he heard a faint giggling sound coming from the transfiguration corridor, a smirk crossed his face - if you asked any fellow marauders that smirk meant trouble-, this was another perk, catching couples doing "inappropriate actions" .With his signature smile in place he threw open the door with a shout " Well, well ... Lily?" he finished in a croak, not quite believing his eyes but there she was, shirt unbuttoned, bent over a desk with his supposed best friend Sirius Black attached to her neck. They sprang apart, Lily leaning on the desk with a smirk adorning her once pretty features, now all he saw was a monster, a user and abuser, this was her study time? He thought. " James..." Sirius started to say, reaching towards him, James just shook his head, tears building up in his eyes and with a poisonous glare, he turned and ran from the room.It had been almost seventeen years since that day, James had never forgiven Sirius and completely went out of his way to avoid Lily Evans (nicknamed the bitch by Moony and Wormtail) and now at the age of 33 he was Head Auror, single and living a bachelor lifestyle, he despised it."Morning Auror Potter!" a ministry official called toward him as he passed, James gave a smile and a nod of his head, he loved his job it was just hard having everyone knowing his name, knowing who he was by his reputation and having no family to go home to, no pictures to put on his desk, no being able to say "thats my..." or "yes these are my children. He had changed a lot from his school days, no more messy hair or his arrogance, it actually sickened him to think he had acted like that.Now back to the present, sitting at his desk looking over the case files he had been given, flicking through them he came to a halt at one name jumping out at him:Name: Severus SnapeAge: 33Cause of Death: Murder (suspected result of illicit activities)Familial Notations: Left behind one daughter, Cressa Aylena Snape, aged 17, soon to start her seventh year at Hogwarts, close relations to Zabini and Greengrass families.That was a bit strange, during the height of the war Snape had been suspected of death eater activity but then suddenly dropped of the radar, he hadn't even knew Snape had a daughter, but looking at the timing of his vanishing act and the age of his daughter, it kind of made sense.Incanting "expecto patronum" his familiar eagle appeared, he never knew why it took this form, "Hi Harris, do you think it would be possible for me to get a copy of a file under the name Cressa Snape, thanks! Potter". Watching the silvery form disperse, in the expected five seconds a slim gray file appeared on his desk, opening the file up he found a few things that just didn't add up:Name: Cressa Aylena SnapeAge: SeventeenBirth Date: 16th May 1980Bearer: Severus SnapeDominant Father: UnknownBlood Status: UndeterminedNotes: Miss Snape appears to have great talent in the fields of Defense, Potions and Transfiguration, she currently is a seventh-year Slytherin at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, she plays chaser on her house Quidditch team.What else stunned James, -apart from Snape being gay and a bearer!- was how the hell someone as unattractive as Snape produced someone who looked like her!, The girl had china- pale skin, with small delicate features and a mane of soft,silky looking red hair, the only thing she seemed to have inherited from her father was the piercing onyx eyes, seemingly scanning his soul even through the photo.A knock on the door shocked him out of his staring match with a photo! (not that he would ever admit that!) Looking up he saw Kingsley Shacklebolt at his door with an almost terrified look on his face, "Boss, sorry to disturb you but we need to get a team over the Hogwarts immediately, there's been a murder, one of the students".A murder? at Hogwarts that hadn't happened for years, "Okay let's go, but whose the victim and why do you look as if you've come out of a fist-fight with a dementor" he said trying to lighten the mood but Kingsley still looked as grave as before, " the murder victim is Rosina Malfoy sir..." well shit James thought, just what he needed to deal with today.
