Okay. So, is there some rehab center where you can go for writing too much Dramione? If do, I need to jump on board with that..but anywhos. This is slightly different than what I've written before, so, don't hurt me if it's bad. Gomen, gomen. (That's Japanese for sorry.) I got the beginning from a manga called MYth. It's about Greek gods.Full Summary: Hermione Granger is a girl of many mysteries. She keeps her lies close to her heart, and her secrets even closer. After the war was won, and the Golden Trio disbanded, she returned to Hogwarts to actually complete her Seventh year. To her surprise, almost the entire Slytherin crew was back, including one Mr. Draco Malfoy. And just when it looked rough enough, she finds out more lies and secrets that even her heart can't handle.I got the title from the song Lana del Rey recorded for Maleficent, "One Upon A Dream". If you want to know the meaning of why I did (because it'd be a long AN if I explained it) just shoot me a PM, or a review, and I'll tell ya!Once Upon A Dream, Chapter One.Damn The Fates.Finally. Time to return. Hermione thought, yawning as she hopped out of bed. She had stayed in Harry's house with Ginny, instead of buying a flat. What was the point, if she was going to spend a year in a castle, anyways? The said girl rushed into Hermione's room with a grin on her face and a squeal that was heard from down the hall."What is it, Gin?" The brunette asked, uneasily."HARRY'S HERE!" Ginny screamed, pulling Hermione into a tight hug before letting go and giggling. Harry Potter, the Boy Who Lived. He had become an Auror, and had actually done missions worldwide. Him stopping in Godric's Hollow only two weeks after his mission had begun was odd. Hermione followed her friend to the kitchen and grinned as she spotted the raven hair of her big brother."'Mione! How've you been?" Harry asked, pulling her into a bear hug. Hermione laughed and squeezed out of his arms."I've been alright, Harry. Only been a few days since you Owled. We leave in an hour, though." The girl mused."I know. I was gonna bring you guys. Least I could do for my wonderful fiancee and sister." He replied. Hermione nodded and went to her room and showered. After giving herself and thorough scrubbing, she pulled some clothes from her closet and dressed. It consisted of a strapless peplum top in a deep shade of green, a pair of black skinny jeans, and some black ballet flats. She pulled a black blazer over it and grabbed her wand."Mobiliarbus." She muttered, quickly making her trunk float over to the front door before looking for the couple. She found them snuggled together on the couch."As much as I hate to break this up, we'll miss the train." Hermione said. The two smiled and they walked over to the front door. They grabbed their things and headed to the apparition point."DAMMNIT HARRY, HOW HARD IS IT TO APPARATE TO A SIMPLE SPOT IN A TRAIN STATION THAT YOU'VE BEEN TO ALMOST SEVEN TIMES EVERY YEAR!?" Ginny screamed as they passed through the barrier to Platform 9 and 3/4."Sorry, babe. Not my fault you were whispering-" Harry was cut off."That's enough!" Hermione stopped them. "I'm going now. Bye, Harry." She finished, giving Harry a hug. Before she could walk away, she heard a voice she dreaded."Look, it's Potty and the Weaslette!" The boy crowed."Oh my god, is that Granger?" A shrill voice called. Hermione turned on her heel to the voices and in the blink of eye, had her wand out."Petrificus Totalus! RictuSEMPRA! FURNUNCULUS!" She shot out. Draco was put into a body bind. Pansy was laughing like an idiot. Both were covered in boils. A train attendant quickly righted the situation and the first thing Draco did was grab Hermione by her wrist and pull her to him."No one, and I mean no one, gives me boils. You'll pay, you filthy mudblood!" He whispered harshly in her ear. She pushed him away and stumbled, tripping over Pansy's foot, and falling on her butt. Laughter erupted, and Hermione refrained from screaming when she saw who was trying to help her up."Luna!" The girl moaned. "Help." Was all she said. The blond girl smiled her wispy little smile and pulled her up with surprising force."Don't worry about them, 'Mione. They're just angry because you made Head Girl and can give out detention to each of these gits!" Luna announced. Everyone scattered, except the Dark Prince and his harlot."Ha! That's a lie. You can't be Head Girl." Pansy sneered."And why is that?" Hermione retorted."Because I made Head Boy. If you're Head Girl, that means," Draco huffed."We have to share a dorm? NO!" Hermione finished, levitating her trunk and speeding away.-You'll Love Me At Once-Hermione walked out of her compartment and headed to the Prefect's compartment. She'd have to go over the schedules with Malfoy. She'd pulled her hair up into a high ponytail and opened the door. Most students were there, and Draco had his arm draped over a few of the women."Malfoy. Can't you wait until we get to the castle, or did you just not get any during the summer?" She asked snarkily. Draco shot up and walked towards her, finger-pointing. She slid past him as she tripped him, making him fall out of the room. She flicked her hand and the door shut and locked."Now. As you can see, the Head Boy and Girl are from different houses, which is rare." Hermione looked down on the floor, seeing Draco's planning sheets. "For once, that Snake has managed to do something right. Even mixed the houses." She murmured. "Alright, as you can see, we have fewer prefects than we did before. That's because Minerva believes we can take care of the castle on our own. So, these are the assignments," Before she could say them, Draco had managed to get back into the compartment.Hermione squealed as he pulled her out and slammed the door. The noise attracted the attention of others, and the poked their heads out to see the two Heads fighting."I swear to Merlin's mum, Granger, pull something like that again, and I'll personally Kedavra you myself." Draco growled."Like that's supposed to scare me? I've already got that damned scar from your aunt -thank God she's dead- I don't need another threat from a Malfoy." Hermione muttered. He raised his hand to strike her but she looked up at him with a hard gaze. "Go ahead, hit me! I'm of filthy blood, I need to know my place, right?" She asked. He faltered and she punched him in the chest. "Well!?" She cried. He settled for shoving her into the compartment door before storming off.Hermione rolled her eyes before opening the door."Ginny Weasley and Pixie Malfoy, Ivan Hanes and Blaise Zabini, Christina Hathaway and Lavender Brown, and Pansy Parkinson and Xander Martin. Change these and I'll choke you to death. We'll talk more at the castle." She said before shutting the door and leaving.Of course, they had to hang back and make sure everyone was off the train. Even if they were angry at each other, they were responsible. Draco waited outside as Hermione stepped out and tried to say something."No. Hush." She said, walking past him and to the carriages. She stood and patted the Thestral."You can see it?" He asked."Death Eaters gave me one last look at my parents before making them kill each other." She muttered, climbing into the carriage."My father murdered my mother.." Draco whispered. Hermione looked over at him to see if he was joking. She slowly reached over and gave him an awkward one-armed hug. A half-smile appeared on his face and he patted Hermione's head."Way to comfort a man, Granger." He muttered. "But like I was trying to say, I wanted to apologise for the horrible things Aunt Bella did to you. I thought she only tortured you..""Oh, if it was torture, that would've been better than what I got." Hermione finished as she pulled her blazer off. In the middle of her left arm, was a scar in the word 'Mudblood'. Draco grabbed her arm, prodding the skin around the scar."Granger..Hermione. Tell me she didn't do anything else." He mumbled."If it helps, I have asthma, depression and hip pains." She said with a shrug. Draco quickly pulled her into a hug and she laughed a bit.This might not be so bad, after all. She thought. The carriage stopped and she pulled away, opening the door. To her surprise, Pansy jumped into Draco's lap, shoving Hermione out of the carriage. Landing on her hip, the Gryffindor let out a cry of pain before standing up and brushing her jeans off."Oh, shut up, you little tramp, dressing like that to get attention." Pansy muttered."Fifty points, Pansy." Draco said, pushing her away and climbing out of the carriage."Along with a detention." Hermione finished, as Pansy gaped at the two of them."But Drakey-!" "I don't know who Drakey is, but he sure as hell isn't me." Draco cut her off with a grin. "Just go, Pansy. You've done enough." He said. The black-haired girl harrumphed and sulked away.Hermione took a step and immediately clutched her hip. Lifting her shirt, she saw an angry bruise starting to form. Before she could limp anymore, Draco held his arms out."Would you prefer me to carry you, or do you want to lean on me?" He asked cautiously. Hermione smiled and gladly let him carry her into the castle. Immediately, whispers and gasps could be heard. Draco made his way over to McGonagall and cleared his throat."Oh, Mr. Malfoy! Why is Ms. Granger in your arms?" She asked the question that everyone wanted an answer to."See, Pansy pushed her out of the carriage, and she landed on her hip. She can't walk. Where are the Head Dorms?" Draco asked, arching one of his brows."Um, oh! The old Astronomy Tower. The a painting has not been made for it yet, so there's a door. Shall I have dinner sent up?" She questioned."No thank you, Professor. We can stop by the Kitchens on our way." Hermione replied as Draco walked off.Thankful everyone was in the Great Hall, the pair headed to the kitchens. There, they were given an assortment of items on a cart. Hermione used a spell to make it follow them as they made their way to the Astronomy Tower."So, Hermione, tell me about your summer." Draco inquired."Well, I went to France with Ginny. And I finally cut my hair, as you can see. And I got two tattoos. So yeah. That was all." She said. The boy's eyebrows scrunched together. She had cut her hair, so its full length was shown. It layered down to her mid-back."That's all? What're the tattoos?" He asked."Hm? Oh, one's right here." Hermione said, showing him her right hand. On her pinkie was a tattoo that looked like a red string tied in a loose bow."The Red String of Fate, eh?" Draco asked. Hermione laughed with a grin as they made it to the tower. "Yup." Was all she replied with. Draco swung the door open and sat Hermione down gently on a loveseat. They were in a little common room, with two loveseats and two couches. There was also a fireplace. On the side was a kitchenette with a fridge and other small items. On one side of the room, there were two doors. One said 'Hermione' and the other said 'Draco'. Opposite that, on the other side of the room, there were three doors. Draco walked over to one and opened it. A bathroom. He opened the one next to it and saw a small storage room, or at least, that's what it looked like. In the third room, there was a small library like room. There were multiple shelves, with Wizard books, along with Muggle books. Draco pulled on out and glance at it, walking out of the room."Nicholas Flamel. Huh." He said, sitting the book down. He looked up, seeing Hermione already eating. He sat down and began eating with her, going back to their earlier conversation."So, what's this other tattoo?" He asked."It's on my side." She said, slowly sitting up and raising the left side of her shirt. Under her breasts, it said "Ad infinitum." A smile graced Draco's face as he poked it."To infinity? Where's the 'and beyond'? Haven't found it yet?" He asked. She gave him a slight nod and dropped her shirt, standing up slowly. She gave a loud yawn and looked down at Draco."I'm gonna shower and go to bed. Goodnight, Draco.""Goodnight, Hermione." He responded."And thanks." Was all he heard before she left.Aha~! You don't understand how excited I am to get this off the ground. The beginning ties into a manga I read, and the sub-plot revolves around a movie I haven't finished yet. And..aah! It makes me so excited! Lots of secrets going on, though. I have all my notes and everything.
