Age 6:I was sleeping peacefully when I entered a dream realm unlike the one I am used to. There is also a new presence here. A beautiful woman, her beauty is indescribable. She even spoke to me, and what a musical voice she had. "My childe, you shall be gifted with one of my gifts. I look to you and see your future and with my help you shall restore the balance between magics." I looked to the woman in confusion. One for not understanding what is being said and two for who she is and how I could be her child. I think she understood my look of confusion because she can loser to me and started to explain. "You my childe, are very powerful and you are going be a wonder to new world for magic. I do not typically have a name but most humans and magical beings would refer to me as Lady Magic. I have chosen you to be my champion. I will gift you a magic that is given to those that are usually my favorites. I will also train you in how to control it along with some of the more unknown magics of the world today. Tonight you will go through a transformation to be able to handle the new powers and tomorrow night as you rest from the day we shall begin your lessons."Still not fully understanding everything she was telling me I nodded my head. Lady Magic began chanting something. I didn't take full notice of what she was saying as she was beginning to shine in a golden light. I then began to notice that the world around me was turning red. I looked down at myself and noticed that my skin was turning white. How I was able to tell through the red tint my eyes were making everything seem to be is a mystery. When I caught a look at my hair I noticed it slowly changing from blond to black to white. After that my vision started to turn black and the last thing I heard was "Aria Riddle you shall be the Champion of Magic."Age 9:Three years ago, Lady Magic made herself known to me. By her doing so revealed that I am not a Durel but a Riddle. My mother and father had given me to my godmother, Ellen Durel, for safe keeping and when one was defeated and the other jailed. I was but under a potion. The potion was broken when I received my gift. Aunt Ellen told me about mother and father and gave me a necklace. The necklace puts me under the most powerful glamour before potions are involved. The necklace itself is a silver chain, with an emerald at the bottom. When I examine the gem, I notice something. Although it took me a bit to figure it out, it appears to be a grim and a panther together with a snake wrapped around the two. There also appears to be words but they are too small to be able to read. When I noticed it I asked Lady Magic about it. She said that I choose a coat of arms for myself as her champion. I asked her about my families and she said "only you and your chosen can bear to wear yours though. It won't appear for anyone else."Age 11:My time to begin Hogwarts is here. Lady Magic has trained me for six years to be able to control my powers. I found out that I am a Puppeteer Mistress, which means I can control anything with blood flowing through them. I plan to continue daddy's work, with some slight modifications to them. Everything will need to be ready for when he returns.
