I don't own any Harry potter or any other characters, all right J.K. Rowling. I only own Regina I am dyslexic so I apologize in advance if I have misspelled.I sat alone in a compartment on the Hogwarts Express, my light tan skin soaking up the suns rays from the open window, my ice blue eyes focused on my parchment and my pitch black hair with silver natural highlights blew in the slight breeze, I was wearing my school robes. I was just drawing in my diary when two boys walked in to the compartment one was a dark brown headed boy with brown eyes and glasses, and the other was a dark skinned boy with red hair and blue eyes.The two boys ignored my presence as they kept talking to each other excitedly until I coughed and got their attention "Oh of course you can sit here, thanks for asking" sarcasm dripping from every corner of my mouth. The two boys snapped their heads to me. Their faces scrunched up in annoyance, then quicker than you could say Quidditch their faces morphed into shock and a blush could be seen on their faces. The Ginger rubbed the back of his head in embarrassment the guy with glasses just kept on starring at me (it was a little creepy). Rolling my eyes at them noting that they didn't snap out of their shock after what was probably five minutes they just kept staring at me like I was some rare anomaly that only happen ones every 500 years.The Ginger snapped out of his shock first. "Hi my names Fred Weasley the second, and the guy who hasn't stopped starring at you is my cousin James Sirius Potter" said the ginger as he elbowed the guy he called James."Pleasure""I now this is a tad bit late but can we sit her, everywhere else is full, and we don't want to sit with our crazed cousins" said Fred."Sure, you're already here anyway, Oh and my names Regina Ivy Hawkcreek""What house do you think you'll be in" yelled James his face way too close for comfort."Hmm I think either Ravenclaw or Slytherin"."Why Slytherin their evil" James was about to continue ranting but I cut in. "Contrary too popular belief Slytherins aren't evil they just want to prove themselves, and they have to be cunning to do so, they rely on logic to win fights, finding a weakness and exploiting it" "Oh and if you continue to say more stereotypes about Slytherin I will not hesitate to punch you in the gut and kick you two out of this compartment".I glared at James before he could contradict anything I just said. "Well I know for a fact that I will be in Gryffindor, like the rest of my family, right Fred" Fred nodded his head and high-five James."Oh? Tell me what traits you possess besides a name that will get you sorted into Gryffindor" "Well I'm brave, strong, handsome, a great duelist, and -""Obnoxious" I finished for him. Fred burst out laughing then covered his mouth with both his hands to prevent him from laughing, James just starred at me with wide eyed with his jaw dropped. "Oops sorry I forgot you where pointing out Gryffindor qualities, I thought you were talking about yourself". Fred looked like he was about to fall out of his seat laughing and James closed his mouth, and not a second later his face turned bright red."Candy from the trolley" said the women pushing the cart filled with candy."Sugar Quills, Cauldron Cakes, Glacial Snow Flakes, and Chocoballs please" I said and looked over to the boys across from me."Chocolate Wands and Chocolate Frogs" said James his face returning to its normal color."Jelly Slug's and Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Bean" said Fred who had finally stopped laughing."Here you go kids" the candy lady said after we paid and she gave us our candy she continued to the other compartments."Want one" asked James holding out the bag of Chocolate Wands in front of me. I looked at his face which held a hopeful look, his eyes pleading for me to accept his gift. I took one grateful that they weren't Licorice Wands "Thanks"."Don't mention it" he said though his eyes told a different story as if accepting the candy was some sort of peace offering. I'm new at this okay. please review
