DISCLAIMER: I do not own anything except the plot. "Bloody hell."Draco Malfoy was standing at the entrance of Sweety Farms in an obscure corner of the outskirts of New Delhi, India. By his side were Scarhead and Weasel, of all people, and all three men had their eyes glued to a large sign on top of the gate. Gold lettering shone because of the lamps' light, proudly announcing a certain wedding.NAMAN WEDS PARVATIThe distant thump-thump of a dholki could be heard, along with the quivering, nasal voice of a lady singing wedding songs. There were fairy lights everywhere; and large cloths were draped over a structure of poles to form multiple canopies. It was actually quite beautiful, in shades of deep red, gold and white.Draco was shoved to the side as two giggling girls, about 12 years old, ran past him. He banged right into The-Boy-Now-Man-Who-Lived, and Ginger-King. Don't get him wrong, he didn't hate them anymore. In fact, he was sort of even friends with them, not that he'd ever admit that out loud. But old habits die hard, and the name-calling certainly hadn't died at all.Today, the Dreary Duo was looking even more moronic. They had tried to dress up in Indian kurta pajamas, but in Draco's opinion couldn't pull it off at all. Potter was wearing a too-loose orange kurta, with a bright blue stole and off white pajama, and Weasley had on an odd fitting midnight blue achkan with black churidaar pants. Not bad outfits overall, but the fitting Sweet Merlin!He couldn't believe he had spent almost a week with these tossers at a hotel. Granted, Granger was with them to help him cope, but really. The presence of the She-Weasel and Purple wasn't consoling either. Potter and Weaselette were almost always all over each other, and it was so disgusting. So were Carrot-Top and Purple, but they were even more annoying with the baby talk.So yeah, Granger kept him sane. She had been since he joined the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, where she worked. They spent quite some time together, and at first it had been rocky, but eventually they made a truce. Hell, it was because of her he even spoke to Potter and Weasley!But you must be wondering, how the fuck did he end up here?Well, it all started two months agoA/N: Hi guys. This is my attempt at a light hearted multi chapter fic. It will have a lot of references to Indian culture and traditions, so feel free to ask me about them!Also, reviewww. :*
