Hermione Granger was trembling, pointing her wand at a sneering Draco Malfoy. "I swear, Malfoy. Say that word one more time and see what happens." Still smirking, he pulled his wand from his pocket, nonchalantly twirling it in his fingers before calmly pointing it at Hermione and saying,"Mudblood." A strangled sort of scream burst from her lips, but before she could fire a single spell, both she and Draco were levitated into the air and pressed tightly against the wall by an unseen force. Striding through the crowd of students, Professor McGonagall came forward. With a flick of her wrist, both Hermione and Draco's wands were wrenched out their hands and into the stern professor's."That is quite enough." She said."Professor, I was - ". Hermione began to try to defend herself, but McGonagall quickly interrupted."I wasn't finished." She said, silencing Hermione. "You two have caused nothing but chaos and trouble whenever you come within a fifty foot radius of each other. Since the beginning of this year, you have been a pain in my side. There is enough going on without you two making it worse every other day. I simply cannot let this continue. That is why, effective immediately, I will be enforcing a new punishment on you both." She waved her wand, and the two teens dropped to the ground. Hermione looked nervous and pensive at the thought of a new punishment, but Draco simply rolled his eyes and muttered something under his breath. "From this moment, until I decide you have learned your lesson, you both will be placed under a certain spell of mine. Once it is placed, you two will be forced to be within two feet of each other at all times." Hermione gasped, too shocked to speak, at the same moment that Draco sputtered,"What?!""Along with that, both of your wands are revoked until I say otherwise." She continued."Professor, you can't be serious!" Hermione protested."Oh, I assure you, Miss Granger. I am quite serious." She calmly retorted. "It brings me no pleasure in having to resort to such means, but you leave me no choice.""Bollocks." Draco muttered. "I'm leaving." He turned, starting to walk down the hall. Before he could take one step, however, Professor McGonagall raised her wand and cast the formidable-sounding spell. Suddenly, he and Hermione were dragged towards each other, only stopping when they were two feet apart, just like McGonagall said."I really hope you two learn." She said almost sadly, then turned as if to leave."Professor, wait!" Hermione called out. "What about sleeping? Or our classes? Or.." she gasped, as if she suddenly realized a horrible truth. "What about showers?" "You both are taking the exact same classes, just at different times. Pick one schedule and follow that. As for sleeping and showering, be grateful I didn't make the distance less than two feet." And, with that, she left, leaving a very shocked Draco and Hermione in her wake. As soon as she was out of sight, the students watching them began snickering. Draco glared at Hermione."This is ridiculous. I don't believe it." He made as if to walk away, but as he took a step, Hermione took a step in the same direction. He paused, then took another step, just to be sure. Hermione took another step, as well. He frowned, piercing her with a hateful stare."I'm not doing it, I swear." She defended. He made sort of a growling noise."I know." He said in resignation, running a hand through his platinum-blonde hair. "It would seem," he said, leveling a look of disgust at Hermione. "that, for the time being, we are stuck with each other."
