A new story that popped into my head! I hope you all like it! This one is going to be in Oliver's point of view. I'm not sure how it sounds in first person, so let me know if you like it or want me to do the rest in third person! If you want feel free to check out my other stories! They are: First Comes Love (Marcus Flint/Percy Weasely), I Think I Wanna Marry You (Oliver Wood/Percy Weasley), Mama Bear (Oliver Wood/Percy Weasley), To Love A Dragon (Draco Malfoy/OC), and The Heart's Flame (Oliver Wood/Percy Weasley). Writing out all the pairings of my stories made me realize that I might have a small obsession with Percy XD I kind of have an idea where I want this story to go, but I'm not a hundred percent sure yet. So bear with me! Disclaimer: Original characters and plot belong to J.K. Rowling. I only take the characters and have fun. I wave one last time at my parents before boarding the Hogwarts Express. I squeeze past people into the hallway."Hey Oliver!""Oi! Wood! Nice to see ya!""Can't wait to see what you bring to the pitch this year, Ol!"I smile at the comments and shake a few hands. I walk through the train searching for an empty compartment."Oliver!"I spin around and smile at Katie Bell. She hugs me tightly."How are you?" she asks."I'm great. How are you?""Wonderful. I'm glad to be back.""Yeah? Ready for Quidditch?""Of course! My brother and I practiced all summer long!""Good, because I have a few tough strategies that I think will get us the cup.""Great!"I smile and clear my throat. Katie lowers her gaze."Hey," she says, "Do you wanna share a compartment with me?""Sure thing. Lead the way."She smiles and I follow her to an empty compartment."Have you seen Angelina or Alicia?" I ask, taking a seat.She shakes her head, "Not yet. I saw Harry a few minutes before I ran into you, and the Twins, but not the other girls.""I haven't seen any one yet. We ran a little bit late today. Thought we were going to miss the train."Katie laughs, "You could probably just fly to Hogwarts. You're a fantastic flyer.""Thank you. You're not too bad yourself.""You think so? I think I'm too slow...""Stop. You're a great flyer. Don't tell anyone else this, but you're one of the best."Katie blushes and giggles. I smiles. She's kind of cute. Her laugh is adorable. Summer did wonderful things for her..."So, Oliver, what did you do over the holiday?" Katie asks.I blink and look away from her body, "I had a family reunion, but other than that, I played Quidditch and went to a few Quidditch matches.""Oh yeah?""Yeah.""Um, I hope you don't mind my asking, but did you see any friends?""Not really. I have a few muggle friends back home that I saw a few times, but not too often.""Do they know you're a wizard?""Only Mary. She only knows though because she came over and saw me flying on my broom a few years ago.""Mary?""Yeah. She and I go way back. I love that girl."Katie tugs at a string on her shirt, "You do?""Yeah. Oh! No! She isn't my girlfriend or anything!"Katie grins, "No?""No. She's like a sister to me. We've known each other since we were very little.""Well that's wonderful.""Yeah."Katie runs a hand through her hair, "Oliver?""Yes?""So, we've known each other for a few ye-"We look up as the door slides open."Excuse me, but every other compartment is full. Mind if I join you for a bit?"My jaw drops when I see Percy Weasley. No longer was he the tall lanky boy from sixth year with glasses too big for his face, but he had put on a few pounds and not in fat but in muscle. While his clothes are still a little nerdy, they are more flattering and his glasses aren't those hideous horn rimmed things he wore, but a simple pair or black rectangles. His skin isn't pasty white, but has some color, making him look a little healthier. He looks good..."Um, it's alright with me, I guess. Oliver?" Katie asks.I blink and look at her, "Huh? Yeah, sure."Percy smiles, "Thank you. After chasing the Twins around I need a rest."He walks in, shuts the door, and sits next to Katie. She smiles."Oh, you're Head Boy! I guess I saw that coming though."Percy grins and pushes his glasses up, "Not to sound arrogant, but I'm not surprised that I'm Head Boy. However, I still consider it quite an honor."I tug at my collar. Is it hot in here? I watch as Percy leans back and crosses his legs at the ankles, causing the fabric to rise. I stare at the white ankles, the long legs, the hips, the torso, the toned arms crossed over his chest, the pale neck, the high cheekbones, the bright smile, the nose, the sparkling blue eyes, and the mass of curly red hair. Beautiful..."Oliver."I look at Katie. She touches my knee."Are you feeling okay? You're awfully sweaty.""Oh, I'm fine. It's just a bit warm in here.""It is rather muggy in here, isn't it?" Percy remarks, undoing the top two buttons of his blue shirt.I stare at the small handful of red hair that starts to peek out of the new opening. I swallow a gasp as my pants become uncomfortable. I clear my throat and cross my legs. Katie and Percy give me strange looks.I smile, "So, Percy, what did you do over summer?"What did you all think? Leave me a little review please! :D Love you guys!
