Disclaimer: I don't own anything except my own ideas and plot. Some things that are canon in the books have changed here, Snape is still alive (and now teaching potions again), McGonagall carried on as Headmistress, and Hermione never got together with Ron, (her, Harry and Ron all just remained friends).The idea for this fic kinda struck me and so here it is! I hope you enjoy it.After Professor Flitwick retired, Hermione Granger immediately agreed to take on the position as the new Charms teacher. Merely years after the Battle of Hogwarts, she had regained her life, only to be offered the job she had wanted for years. The start of the new term was fast approaching and she would be arriving at Hogwarts the next day. It dawned on her how she would be seeing her old professors, and how they would now be colleagues. She wondered if there would be any tension or awkward feelings shared between some of her least-liked professors, particularly Snape. Even though she exerted profound interest and enthusiasm into every Potions lesson she ever had, Professor Snape merely shrugged it off or shouted at her, more often than not deducting points from her former House of Gryffindor.She also wondered if she would enjoy her new post, being able to see the school in an entirely different light. She would no longer have fear in her if she walked through the corridor at nights, there would be no need to hide under Harry's invisibility cloak. She would be able to sit in the staff room, being told before the students about any changes to rules, or dangers that had been so frequent during her time there as a student. Her opinion would be asked and even counted for, she would be an equal to the people who were for so long, above her. She wasn't sure what she would make of this transition, but she was excited to find out.After checking the time and realising just how late it was, she began to ready herself for bed. After changing into her pyjamas, and brushing her now tame, silky hair, she checked her trunk full of all of her belongings for the hundredth time. This trunk contained everything she owned, for she would soon be residing at Hogwarts. It had dozens of rolls of parchment, ink bottles, quills of every size and colour. As well as her charms books for all of the years, and books on how to better your teaching. Once she was satisfied that everything was in order, she slipped into bed, and lay awake, her mind on what Hogwarts would bring her tomorrow.She awoke with a jolt, as her muggle alarm clock rang. She found them more effective at waking you when needed. She squinted at the time it showed, 5am. She had awoken early, as she had decided to disapparate to Hogsmeade and have a quiet breakfast there, with perhaps a butterbeer or two before she made her way to the school. She dressed quickly, applying makeup to cover the tiredness apparent on her face. She had not managed to sleep as soon as she had hoped, and she did not want this to be obvious on her first day. After being contented that she would not need anything else from the flat she had been renting, she made her way downstairs, with all her luggage and her owl  Clarum  safely inside her bag with the undetectable extension charm.She walked around to a dark alley, the early, morning sunlight finding it difficult to penetrate the confines of the space that she found suitable to disappear without being detected by muggles. She turned sharply, feeling the familiar pressure that came with disapparating and opened her eyes to the familiar town that is Hogsmeade. She was in the alley that she had previously hid in with Ron and Harry, when they were being pursued by Death Eaters, merely hours before the Battle that ended Voldemort's life. She walked along to the front of the Hogs Head, deciding she would stop in later to say hello to Aberforth.She walked along the street until she arrived at the Three Broomsticks. Upon entering, she ordered a butterbeer and her usual breakfast of bacon and eggs. She found a seat near the window and silently sipped her butterbeer.Madame Rosmerta brought over her breakfast and she began to eat immediately, hoping that food would rid her of the butterflies that dwelled in her stomach.After spending as much time as she could in Hogsmeade, she decided she must make her way to Hogwarts. Rather than disapparating outside the grounds, she elected to walk the path that she used to take in carriages pulled by the threstrals that were previously invisible to her. The walk was long, but she was grateful for it. She had time to attempt to calm her nerves, and quell her growing excitement at returning to the place that she had for so long called home.Eventually she reached the gates, entering the way that she had been instructed to in her letter from Professor McGonagall. She strode up the grounds and into the Entrance Hall where she was greeted by none other than McGonagall herself."Miss Granger! Or should I say Professor Granger? I trust you had a safe journey here?" Her face looked the same as Hermione remembered it."Yes, thank you Professor." She smiled timidly, feeling slightly self-conscious at being called Professor Granger.Smiling, she said, "Oh please, call me Minerva. We are colleagues now after all." After a brief pause, she continued. "Would you like me to show you to your office and sleeping quarters?"Hermione nodded, and gestured for McGonagall to take the lead. Following her, half a step behind, she spoke, voicing an inner worry. "What if the students don't like me Prof- Minerva?""Miss Granger, you needn't have any worry there. You were a wonderful student, and I am certain you will be a more than competent teacher." She turned back to give an encouraging smile. "If you follow your own devised lesson plans, be strict when necessary and lenient also, you'll do just fine. If you need any help getting started with lesson plans, you know where my office is. Please do not hesitate to come to me with any queries or problems you're facing. The password to the Headmaster's office is currently "Treacle Toffee"." Seeing the look of amusement on Hermione's face, she added "I decided to continue Albus' tradition of using sweets as a password."Hermione nodded in acknowledgement, and continued to trail behind McGonagall as they walked in a comfortable silence to her office. It was on the third floor, right by the Charms corridor. When they entered, Hermione was pleased to see that she had an office already suited to her. In the middle of the circular room, was a large oak desk. It was empty, except for a key that would presumably lock the office, and grant her access to her sleeping quarters. The walls were a rich crimson that contrasted against the stone floor. A window with open, golden curtains sat next to a large bookshelf that dolefully shelved only one book, the title of which Hermione could not make out."If you pull the book on the shelf, it will reveal a door that will lead you to your sleeping quarters. I hope that you find them acceptable, if you have any complaints please feel free to let me know. I will do what I can. Lunch is at the usual time, feel free to join the other teachers in the Great Hall. I'm certain Professor Longbottom and Hagrid would be pleased to see your return." And with another uncharacteristic smile, she swiftly left the office, closing the door upon her exit.Eagerly, Hermione leapt across the room to the book, pulled it and stepped back to see the reveal of a large oak door, much like the door to the office. She grabbed the key from the desk and hastily jammed it into the lock, ironically preferring this way to the simple "alohamora" unlocking charm.Upon entering, she saw a double, four poster bed, with the familiar crimson hangings, dead centre of the room. There was a large dressing table to the right of the room, with a large oval mirror, delicately engraved around the edges along with small, ornate rubies. To the left stood a large wardrobe that could simply be enlarged by the simplest of spells. A door stood next to the wardrobe, opening to reveal a far too large bathroom for one witch. There was a bath with multiple taps, similar to the one that inhabited the prefect's bathroom on the fifth floor. Returning back to the bedroom, she placed her travelling bag on the bed and opened it, carefully removing Clarum, and then her trunk.Hermione made her way down to the Great Hall, nerves bubbling up inside her. She would once again be seeing so many familiar faces, some that she had missed and some not so much. Keep calm, she thought to herself, keep calm and smile. The smile she knew was perhaps a little too false to be believable, yet she knew she had nothing better. Walking across the stone floor of the entrance hall, she took a deep breath and readied herself.She walked into the Great Hall and sighed a breath of relief. She saw only Neville, sitting at a large table in the middle of the hall. Upon hearing her arrival, he turned and let his face light up. "Hermione!" he shouted, hardly supressing the glee in his voice.Her smile turned genuine at the sound of his voice, "Hello Neville," she said as she hugged him. They sat down, beaming with delight. "How long have you been teaching here for now, Neville?""Since the Battle, Professor Sprout took an early retirement and I was offered the position of Herbology teacher. It's a lot different being a teacher, but I guess there's the respect that I never had when I was a student."Hermione's face fell slightly, she had always liked Neville. "I'm glad you've found happiness here Neville. I'm going to be teaching Charms. I suppose you already know about Flitwick retiring?""Yeah, he announced it at the end of last year, I only just found out that you were the new teacher though! It's great! I must admit I have been a bit lonely here since all of the students I knew left. Luna and I live together in Hogsmeade now, we went to Sweden this year in another attempt to look for those Crumple-Horned Snorkacks. And I also, uh- I also asked her to marry me. She agreed and so we had a small wedding there." Neville held up his left hand and a golden band around his fourth finger glinted in the light.Hermione could hardly contain her excitement. "Neville that's wonderful! I'm very happy for you and Luna! I don't suppose I could visit her at your place one day? It would be great to see her again!"Neville's face nearly exploded with joy, "She would love that! She never stops going on about you and Harry and Ron. Although, I suppose I never really stop either. Having you three as friends was the best thing that ever happened to us. Without you, I doubt we'd be together now."Hermione's cheeks filled with a delicate blush. Not knowing how to vocalise how touched she was, she simply decided to pull Neville into another hug.Before they could speak any more, Snape and McGonagall walked into the hall, followed by Professor Trelawney, Madame Hooch and Professor Vector.The other Professors took seats around their tables and soon enough food appeared in front of them. Hermione made a mental note to visit the house-elves in the kitchens. As more and more professors made their way into the hall, Neville and Hermione continued to catch up, while eating the enchanting food Hermione had grown to miss. However another teacher entered the Great Hall, one that Hermione had not expected. A familiar face that caught her off-guard, a previous sworn enemy, none other than Draco Malfoy.I'm still not entirely sure where I'm going with this, and it's the first Harry Potter fic I've written but I hope you enjoyed it!Please favourite/follow and review! They make me happy and keep me motivated! 
