MasksBy: Lady CountryroseCh. 1It was late one night; just as the nights had started to stay warm, because of the long heated days for an early summer months. Hermione Granger was out walking this night on her patrol duties as a perfect during her sixth year; she was wondering near the Entrance Hall, sadly thinking that school would soon be over, for the year.When the door opened very slowly and huge dark shadow came across the doorway, leaning against one side of it. With a wand armed in her hand, and spell ready upon her lips, she walked slowly towards the figure. With a quick Lumos, she saw her Potions Professor wrapping his right arm across his abdominal area of his body, and heavily breathing.Hermione rushed to the left side of his body and wrapped her arm around the back of him, when he growled out, "Keep your hands to yourself, Miss Granger!""You need help Professor Snape," she heaved back; "I am taking you to the Hospital Wing."The Potions Master sighed, "No! I must see Dumbledore."Hermione glared at him. "I think he would understand, if you need to see medical help before you talk to him, sir?"Severus Snape started coughing and moaned out in pain, "You silly little girl! I must see him before anything else, or things will be bad."Hermione knew what her professor had met; she knew for a few years that he was a double agent for the light, and that he was a former Death Eater. Which met that he had just came back from a really bad meeting with the Dark Lord, who wanted to kill one of her best friends. She sighed and helped the man in black, up the stairs to the third floor and into the Headmaster's office. Once there, she was asked to stay by Albus Dumbledore.Once Hermione had helped the injured man into one of the seats and took another for herself. Albus asked, "What news have you back with Severus?""The Dark Lord has been inpatient with Draco Malfoy as of late; saying that he has not been working fast enough for his likings for the Death Eaters to storm the castle and killing you, Sir.""WHAT?!," shrieked Hermione, she was near speechless in hearing first hand of what was going on."Not now Miss Granger," shushed Albus, "then what else Severus?""I heard through Lucius Malfoy that Draco would be able to get it done by this coming week. When the Dark Lord heard of this, he was angry and took it out of the rest of us, including me. He is not pleased with anything that I have come back with lately. He also wants me to find a way to get to Harry Potter or as close to Potter as possible. I told him that I could try to go through his muggle-born friend, if anything. That was when he stopped through curses at me, and he really had a dark look upon his face when I gave him that idea Albus.""Yes, he would," answered the Headmaster; what he knew of Tom Riddle, he valued anything that could help him with knowledge. Then the wise wizard glanced over at the young lady; who he knew to be seventeen after her time turner adventure, then an idea had graced his mind. He gave a wicked smile, which spooked Hermione; for she had never knew that such a thing could ever come across his face. "That would work."Severus sneered at his boss, "What crazy idea have you come up with now, Albus?""Well since I am dying anyway; I don't have much of a choice, but I want you to follow through with the plan of you killing me and not Draco, liked plan." Hermione gasped after hearing this. The Headmaster went on to say, "I also want you to go back to Tom and tell him that you are going to force Miss Granger to marry you, for it is the only way for you to keep close to her and she will find out what is going on with Harry." Again Hermione gasped, but Severus growled at having to marry a mere girl. "It's the only way to keep you alive through this war, while I am gone and you would take care of each other."Severus growled, "You do realize that I would have to have sex with her?"Hermione was gapping like a fish, when Albus answered, "Yes, I am aware of that.""In front of the Dark Lord and other Death Eaters in most cases; for they rival at showing who is the best at everything front of each other, don't you?"The older man sighed, "I am aware of that, but what else is to keep the two of you alive. Harry would need all the help he needs, while I am long dead."The only lady in the room asked, "Don't I have anything to say in this?" The potions master really wanted to know what she had to say, and waved her in order for her to go on. "Let me start with that I will do anything for Harry, but I am not done with school. How am I to finish that and be married to a man that people will be calling a murder of yours Headmaster?"Severus then turned and gave a questioning looking towards his boss; for him to answer those questions, for he wanted to know himself. "To answer your schooling question Hermione, I will have you come to my office and have you tested out of the school." By the look upon the girl's face, she looked like she had mixed feelings about that. "As far as being married to Severus; well you will be by his side and I will need you to heal him, in all madder of speak, and I would also like for you to keep an open mind about him. He is so much more than just a professor, potions master, a former Death Eater, and a spy; I would like for you to look deeper into his very soul for you to understand him. And the same goes for you Severus; for Hermione Granger is much more than just a student of yours, you will be surprised what she can and cannot do." Both Severus and Hermione knew that they were in it together, regardless if they liked or not. "And as for the wedding; I will reside it and I will ask Minerva McGonagall and Alastor Moody, to witness the ordeal and it will be held in my office on Wednesday night, just after your tests. Anything else?"Severus growled, "When shall I tell the Dark Lord and what should I tell him?"Albus sighed, "Well write to him; stating that you have come to me about your feelings towards Miss Granger and I have forced you to marry her before you were able to express your feelings for her, and that I told Miss Granger that I told her that she was marrying you in order to protect Harry," shrugged the old man.The Potions Professor glanced over at Miss Granger and saw that she was glaring at the old man, and knew that old muggle saying about 'if looks could kill' than she would have saved him of the responsibility of killing him latter. He could also see that she was fighting back from yelling, screaming, and cursing the Headmaster; which Severus would have loved to see how much of a spitfire she was, after hearing complaints from Draco for so long, he wanted to see for himself."Well; I guess it's time to bid the two of you a good night then.""Sir," Hermione spoke up, "what about Professor Snape, he is badly injured?""Oh yes," with a wave of wand, "Episkey," and "Ferul," which were a few that the Headmaster was able to do, "I know you have your own potions to help with the other things Severus. You two must get going, it is getting late." Both Severus Snape and Hermione Granger had gotten up from their seats, but Severus groaned and grabbed his left side with his right hand. Hermione glanced over at him with worried eyes. Albus sighed, "Why don't you have your soon-to-be wife take you to your chambers and have her watch over you tonight? She will be moved to your rooms here soon anyway."Severus groaned, "If you wish; Hermione, could you help me down to the dungeons and if you so wish, can stay the night."She manage a nod before getting under his left arm and wrapped her right arm around his back, and helped glide him down the many stairs to his chambers.
