"Albus," I sigh. "Stop." Albus was pacing, pulling his hair. "You know what, Lills? I can't stop! That creep deserves to rot in a hole!" My best friend, Rose, tried to calm Albus down."It's OK, Albus. We all hate him, and want to send a few well-aimed curses in his general direction-""STRAIGHT IN HIS FACE!" Albus yells, interrupting her and managing to get a few second years looking at us fearfully. All in one swoop. New record!"Rose." I growl between my teeth. "Not helping." Rose immediately is remorseful when Albus starts crinkling his astronomy homework for lack of a better thing to take out his anger on. If theres one thing that makes Rose sober up, it's misuse of homework. She yanks the parchment out of his hands, and uses her wand to de-wrinkle it. Albus keeps muttering death threats."Albus," I plead. "Just because Augustus broke up with me-""LEFT YOU TO DIE OF A BROKEN HEART!" Albus exclaims, causing the same second years to leave the room."Oh, no one likes you anyway." Albus shoots at them. Woah. Wait a minute. Left me to die of a broken heart? No way. I need to clear things up with my brother. I take him by the shoulders and face him. I look into his eyes, and firmly say:"A. I didn't like him enough to be "broken heart" status." B. You are just working yourself up into a lather. C. You are scaring small children. Get a hold of yourself, and stop screaming." I let go of him. He sulks, but quickly straightens up when he sees Rose glare at him. Rose hates sulking, and also has the advantage of being able to break up with him. Albus heaves a deep breath and lets it go slowly."I understand that I am overreacting, but Lills you are my sister." I cock my head. He seems serious enough I grin."And you are my brother. And if Rose ever breaks up with you-" (insert angry look from Rose-) "She'll have ME to deal with. I don't care that she's my best friend.""OK. Now I have to chat with a bestie of mine." Rose swings herself onto the poster bed, opens her mouth, and shuts it. I can see her brain saying that it isn't worth it. Rose doesn't waste time. I check my watch, and realize that I have a free period. Rose does also. I don't need to ask, I have her schedule memorized since we have the exact same one. That's because we are the only ones who signed up for Muggle Studies, and they base schedules around electives. Professor _ is a nice teacher; she gives light homework and lets us chat when we finish classwork. Rose breaks into my thoughts."Lily" She begins, a faint blush glowing on her cheeks. "What?" I ask cautiously. Despite the fact the Rose was a total schoolaholic, she was a matchmaker. The last time she had paired me with someone well let's just say the relationship ended about five hours ago with yelling, screaming, and hair being ripped out. All of the above were done by Albus. "Well" Rose continues. "I found a nice boy""Well...!" I carefully start."If you'd just give him a chance-" Rose begs. I interrupt."Who is it. Just tell me." Rose has a smile working it's way up her mouth."It's someone who's actually very interested in you""Just tell me already!""Oh, you are so going to die of shock.""WHO?""Angus Longbottom."Hello! I love reviews! What do you think of it being a Longbottom? I like it but I am not the masses. I am now going to bribe you- first reviewer gets to name the Muggle Studies teacher! But it has to have thought put into it. Not just a thingy asking if you are the first reviewer.Well, back to the new chapter I iz working on! I luv ya'll!Life is Books
