Albus shook his head, marvelling at the potions book in front of him. Well, it was actually a notebook. A notebook full of hardly decipherable notes. How he'd be able to fix Severus after his potions accident, with only this notebook of scribbles, was almost beyond him. It would take a day alone just to figure out what the various shorthand notes could mean, and that was without having to take care off Severus who was now in a toddler's mind."Abus?" A small voice asked.Albus looked down at the carpet where Severus had been stroking Fawkes gently. He smiled warmly at the child. "Yes, dear?" He spoke softly, as he had easily discovered the child hated loud noises and was fearful of being hit or hexed."Nice biwd." He smiled, as Fawkes rubbed up against Severus's cheek."Yes, Fawkes is nice." Albus assured. "And I'll let you play Fawkes again sometime, but for now we need to use the floo.""Use potty?" Severus asked, looking confused."No dearie, the floor." Albus smiled. "Come now, take my hand."-000000000000000000000-Sirius gave Dumbledore a look that clearly was meant to convey that he thought the older man had gone mad. The headmaster had sauntered into Grimmauld place, and had sat down on the couch in the living room pulling Snape with him. Before Sirius could even ask a question, Dumbledore had gone on to explain that Snape was really a toddler, and that he was hoping that Sirius would be able to watch him for a few days."Puppy?" Snape asked, looking around the large living room.Dumbledore had smirked. "Yes, Sirius is a puppy sometimes." He nodded."Siwius?" Snape asked, looking fearfully up at Sirius who was still standing with his arms folded. "He no puppy..."Sirius sighed and reluctantly changed into padfoot. He only allowed the switch for a minute, before turning back."He puppy!" Snape whispered, eyes wide."Yes he is." Albus applauded. "Aren't you a smart thing?" Albus looked up at Sirius. "Sirius...you're going to have to watch him. I'll be busy finding an antidote, and I want Severus somewhere no one can get to him. Somewhere more private.""When did I sign up to be a babysitter?" He demanded, ignoring Snape as he stuck a thumb in his mouth."Lower your tone." Albus warned. "You may not get along with him as an adult, but he is not an adult right now. He's two and a half." Albus softened his voice. "And it will only be a few days, Sirius. I'll even pay you.""I don't have a choice do I?" Sirius growled. Dumbledore never really asked, he simply masked his requests in the form of questions."Thank you, Sirius. I assure you, it is much appreciated." Albus grinned down at Snape, who had been very quiet. "Severus, this is Sirius. He is a very fun, and nice man.""Fun?" Snape asked, eyes Sirius with big black eyes."Very much so." Albus promised. "And I was thinking you could stay here with him for a few days and play with him.""You go bye-bye...no Fawkes?" Snape looked close to tears and Sirius fought the urge to roll his eyes."Oh, don't cry. I'll be sure to visit all the time." Albus promised, giving Sirius a look that made it clear he was going to be checked up on. "And I'll bring Fawkes too.""I be good for Siwius." Snape declared, looking up at Sirius with angelic eyes as if he really believed Sirius would fall for such rubbish."Remus is going to be coming over for awhile...I won't have him suffering in poverty." Sirius told Dumbledore."Of course. I actually think that's for the best. Remus was always sure you behaved...to an extent.""Wemus?" Snape asked, clearly having been listening."Yes. Wemus is very nice too." Albus promised, poking Snape on the nose. "I think you'll like him.""Abus like?" Snape asked."Very much so. I like both Remus and Sirius." He smiled. "And I want you to be good for them.""I be good like always." Snape promised, smiling at Albus."I am sure you will." Albus nodded, before looking at Sirius again. "Now, I trust you know how to take care of a toddler. You did take care of Harry when he was around this age."Sirius glowered. "Yes.""Alright. I'll just warn you now that if you are mean to Severus, you will rue the day."Sirius blinked. Dumbledore never threatened...never. He swallowed hard and nodded."Also, he does not like loud noises. He is also very shy and prone to panicking over the slightest things. Do be patient.""Alright." Sirius nodded, resigned to his fate. "Where are his things?"Dumbledore furrowed his brow. "Things?" Suddenly a smile appeared on his face. "Right, let me just go up and make a room for him. I'll put his things in there, as well." He stood up and smiled once more at Snape. "I'll be right back, okay? Be nice for Sirius."Snape nodded, and was quiet. Sighing, Sirius slumped down in a chair as Albus disappeared up the steps. He wanted nothing more than a stiff drink, but that was certainly out of the question."Wemus puppy too?"Sirius looked over at Snape when he voiced the question. Shaking his head, he spoke softly. "No. Remus is not a puppy." And neither was he. He was a dog, dammit. A dog."Siwius?"Sirius sighed at the butchery of his name and raised a brow at Snape. "Yes?""Monstew huwt me?" He asked shakily, pointing to somewhere behind Sirius.Turning Sirius spotted Kreacher, a mean look on his face as he glowered at Snape. "Kreacher, leave. You're scaring him." He demanded, not wanting Dumbledore to be angry so soon."Master shouldn't be having half-bloods's on his couch or men like Dumbledore in his ancestral home..." He hissed, pointing at Snape who promptly started to silently cry."Leave, Kreacher. NOW!" He snapped, hoping Dumbledore wouldn't come running down the stairs at the loud noise. As it was Snape was now bawling and hiding his face in his knees."Kreacher be leaving from such disgraceful sights's.""Good." Sirius hissed, waiting until the damn elf had left before he rushing over to Snape. Awkwardly, he put a hand on the man's shoulder. "Hey...hey..hey. Stop...shhh." He pleaded, much to his chagrin. He was begging...begging Snape. "Shhh...hey it's okay." He was getting desperate to quiet the man up...when the thought hit him that he wasn't a man. He was toddler. Sighing, he forced himself to remember that it was wrong to not comfort a wailing toddler. Even if it was Snape, surely Snape couldn't have been as surely as he was now when he was hardly anything more than a baby. "Hey...come on." He said softer, sitting beside him and hugging his a bit awkwardly. "Can you look at me, hmmm?"Snape thankfully looked up then, his eyes still dripping tears. "Monstew angwy with me?" He asked, looking fearfully at the doorway where Kreacher had just exited. "Monstew bad spell?"Sirius froze. Bad spell? Shaking his head, he forced a smile on his face. "No, Kreacher won't hurt you. I won't let him." He promised, using his sleeve to swipe at the tears."Siwius not let monstew use bad wand spells?""What?" Sirius asked, before shaking his head again. "No...Kreacher is just a house elf...""House elf?"What the hell? Didn't all Slytherin's grow up like he had? "A house elf is just a helper...he helps me clean." He explained. "And he won't hurt you.""Pwomise?""I promise." Sirius assured, relaxing as the redness from Snape's face abated. "Now...do you want to play?""Pway!?" Snape seemed super excited, yet shy at the same time. He nodded solemnly. "No twicks?"Sirius had plenty of questions by now, but knew neither Albus nor Snape would ever give them to him. Ignoring his desire for answers he transfigured up a blue ball and held it up. "Ready?" He asked, hoping to calm Snape down completely before Albus could return. "Catch." To his surprise Snape managed to catch the ball, looking pleased with himself before looking unsure of what to do next. "Throw it back." Sirius explained, exasperated as Harry had known how to do this when he was one."Cawtch." Snape smiled, tossing the ball way to Sirius's left. He barely caught it from knocking a vase off the table, and he fought the urge to snap at the man. Sighing, he tossed the ball back. Actually smirking when Snape laughed as he managed to catch it again. He quickly wiped the smile away and jumped up to catch the ball that Snape sent flying over his head. He was sure Snape wasn't doing it on purpose, but it was enough to aggravate him slightly. As soon as he calmed down completely, Sirius would go back to ignoring Snape...oh, he'd give him blocks or something, as he didn't want Albus to strangle him."My, what a fantastic catch!" Dumbledore's voice sounded from behind Sirius and soon enough the elder wizard was in front of him. "Very good, Sirius." He awarded. "Now why don't you two come and follow me?"-00000000000000000-000000000"Severus?" Albus asked, looking down at the couch where Severus still remained seated. He held out a hand, gesturing for him, but to his surprise, Severus shook his head no. Instead he held up his hands to Sirius, gesturing that he would like to be picked up. Albus was all the more surprised when Sirius muttered something under his breath and stomped over to Severus and hefted him unto his hip. Immediately Severus hid his head in Sirius's shoulder, seemingly content. Albus quickly cast a quiet spell, while Severus was distracted, making Severus lighter. Sirius gave him a grateful half-smile before gesturing at Albus to lead the way."Awbus...Siwius pway ball." Severus chattered, as they walked up the step. "Bwue." He added, before sticking his thumb in his mouth."Yes, I saw that. Did you like playing ball?" Albus asked, watching amused as Sirius pulled the thumb from Severus's mouth- seemingly by reflex."I like." Severus assured, before putting a pout on his face. "But Kweachew no like me." He added sadly."I am sure Kreacher didn't mean to scare you." Albus promised. "And I'm sure Sirius won't let him scare you.""Wemus not puppy." Severus continued, more talkative than he had been since the accident early that morning."No, Remus isn't a puppy." Albus agreed, opening the door to Severus's room. Albus was quite proud of his work, really. He had redone the walls and carpet in complementary shades of blue, not wanting to put Slytherin colors in Sirius's house when he had worked so hard to remove them. A nice bed/crib sat in the middle of the room, piled high with pillows and blankets of the softest fabric. Nearby a moon-shaped nightlight sat on a night table. He had already stuffed the wardrobe full of clothes, and he opened it up to show Sirius where to find various items. He gestured at a chest near a window, which he had filled with toys. Beside it a bookshelf stuffed with books. Albus knew Severus wouldn't be like this for more than a few days, but still, he wanted to spoil him. If he didn't get to have the joy of being with Severus in this state, he'd at least make sure Severus had the most fun possible."Severus, this is your room." Albus explained, noticing the way Severus's eyes widened."Severwus's room?" The boy repeated, pointing at himself."Yes, and this your bed, and this is your wardrobe, and this is your toy chest, and this is your bookshelf." Albus pointed out the various things again, smirking when Severus's eyes went wide at the books."Books?" Severus looked up at Sirius who was glaring of at a wall. "Sevewus read? Siwius read hawd books to Sevewus?"Sirius sighed. "If you're good." He said dryly, in a tone that suggested he didn't really believe Severus could be good."I be good." Severus assured, nodding solemnly."Alright, now lets head back downstairs." Albus added, grabbing a book from the shelf when he noticed Severus frown. Handing the book to Severus, he lead the two back into the living room"Alright, I really must be getting back to the castle. I'm almost positive they'll be a few stacks of papers for me to sign." He grinned, kissing Severus on the forehead. "You be good, okay? Bye-bye.""I be good." Severus repeated, kissing Albus on the cheek. "Bye-bye." He waved sadly."I'll be back tomorrow." Albus promised, taking the book from his hands to thrust it at Sirius. "Now, Sirius is going to read to you for a bit.""Okay." Severus seemed less sad. "Bye-bye, Abus."-00000000000000000000000000-0000000000000000Sirius resisted the urge to curse, and sat down on the couch. He had expected Snape to scoot away, but instead he leaned into him, looking up at him with big eyes. Sirius resisted another urge to curse, and opened the book. He didn't really have a choice now that Albus had told him he was going to read to Snape. And he didn't want to deal with a tantrum, which he knew the brat would through if he didn't get his way. It was Snape after all. Plus, the nagging fear that Albus would appear from nowhere if he didn't was eating at his brain."King." Snape pointed at a picture on the first page where it showed a king chasing after an oddly dressed man.Sirius didn't answer, just started to read. The sooner the story was done, the sooner Snape would stop leaning on him."A long time ago, in a land far far away, A king decided to keep all the magic in the world for himself. In order to get all the magic, he needed to gather all the witches and the wizards in the world." Sirius turned the page, to show a picture of barking dogs."Siwius." Snape smiled as he pointed from the book to Sirius's face.Again, Sirius ignored him. "So the king formed the Brigade of Witch-Hunters, armed with packs of wild dogs. But first, the King needed to learn to use magic, so he called for someone with magical abilities to come and teach him." Sirius cleared his throat. "No real wizards or witches ever responded, and the King was getting upset. But soon a muggle came, and pretended to be a wizard, and he offered to teach the king magic." He turned the page to show a picture of a small house. "Soon the muggle teacher demanded money and treasures for his services, and he hid all of these in his small home. Babbity, a woman who washed the king's clothes, watched and laughed at the Muggle as he pretended two twigs were actually wands. The king got very upset when he heard the woman laugh, and he demanded that the muggle help him show off his magic in front of the laughing woman to prove her wrong.""Oh-oh." Snape whispered, his eyes wide as Sirius turned the page to show Babbity hiding in a bush."The muggle tried to say that he had to go out of town, and couldn't help him, but the king threatened him with the brigade of witch-hunters. He also promised that if anyone laughed during his performance, he would kill the muggle teacher." The correct word was behead, but Sirius thought that a bit graphic, even for Snape. "The muggle headed to Babbitty's house and spied on her, finding out she was a real witch. He begged her to help him, or else he would tell everyone she was a witch. So Babbity agreed to help the poor Muggle. She told him she would hide in the bushed, and make it seem as if the king himself could do magic." Sirius turned the page to show a picture of the king trying to do magic. "While the king was performing, the crowd was astonished when made a hat disappear and horse levitate. One of the members was so amazed, he begged the king to bring his dead dog back to life.""No can do." Snape insisted sadly."The crowd laughed at the kind tried, and Babbity could do nothing, because no magic can raise the dead. The king was angry, and demanded to know why the spell wouldn't work. The muggle panicked and pointed to the bush. "A wicked witch is blocking your spell!" He cried out." He turned the page to show a picture of a tree with dogs barking up at it. "Babbity ran from the bush and when the hounds chased after her she disappeared, leaving the dogs barking at the tree. The muggle insisted that Babbitty turned into a tree, and that she must be cut down as she was evil. The crowd went wild and chopped the tree down. And as the crowd left, the stump started to cackle.""Twee laughs?" Snape asked, leaning closer to get a better look at the book."Babbity told the crowd that real wizards and witches simply could not be cut in half, and that they should cut the muggle in half to prove it.""Oh no!" Snape cried out, fear on his face."But the muggle confessed he was a liar, and Babbity tells the crowd that the king is cursed, and he'll feel pain every time a witch or wizard is harmed. So the king proclaimed that no witches or wizards should even be harmed. Babbity then demanded they make a statue of her, to remind everyone of what the King decreed." He turned to the last page, where a picture showed the statue of gold on the stump. "The statue was made of gold, and soon after an old rabbit appeared out of the hole in the stump with a wand in its mouth. You see, Babbity had been in her animagus for. Smiling she left the kingdom, and forever after, the statue of Babbity remained on the stump, and no witch or wizard was ever hurt again in that kingdom." He closed the book, relieved it was finally over."Thank you, Siwius." Snape smiled, wrapping his arms around his neck in a hug."Sirius!" Remus's voice called out from the kitchen, and Snape immediately froze and hid his face in Sirius's robes."In here!" He called out, trying his best to untangle himself from Snape. He was almost certain the man was crying, as his body shook."Ummm?" Remus raised a brow at the scene as he walked into the living room, and Sirius could hardly blame him. "What's...?""Snape's in a toddler's mind...I'm watching him for Dumbledore." Sirius explained, sighing as Snape's wails increased. "Dumbledore said he didn't like loud noises.""Oh!" Remus hurried over and rested a hand on Snape's heaving back. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you." He muttered. "My name is Remus...can you tell me yours?"Sirius rubbed at Snape's back, hoping to shut him up. Eventually, Snape looked up at Remus. "Weumus? I Sevewus...you no puppy." He added, wiping at his tear stained cheeks."Well hi, Severus." Remus smiled widely. "And no..I'm not a puppy?" He nodded, looking at Sirius for an answer."I think that's how he asks if someone is an animagus or not." He explained, almost reflexively pulling the thumb out of Snape's mouth."I see...well, have you two eaten yet?" Remus asked, clearly starving.-00000000000000000000000-000000000000000Severus sat at the kitchen table and stared at the food in front of him, too scared to eat. He was very hungry, but no one had given him permission to eat yet. Sirius and Remus were already eating, and he frowned. He wanted to eat too..."Eat up." Sirius insisted finally, handing him a fork.Severus nodded and started to eat. He devoured his yummy lasagna in minutes, and he was nibbling at his garlic bread happily when Remus came and put a huge piece of chocolate cake on his plate. He immediately abandoned the bread and dug in, forgetting he was supposed to use silverware.-oooooooooooooooo-Sirius had looked up to see Snape coated with chocolate and red sauce. How he had managed to get the mess everywhere was beyond him, and clearly more of it had got on Snape's face than his stomach. But he couldn't help but smirk along with Remus. The sight of the normally dignified Snape in such a state was a riot."Dammit, Remus." Sirius smirked. "Get a camera.""Already got it." Remus waved the camera he had summoned before snapping a picture of Snape, who had somehow managed to get ahold of a second piece of cake."I like cake..." Severus said, liking the chocolate of his fingers."Obviously." Sirius nodded, fighting back the urge to launch into hysterics."Padfoot...in all seriousness though...it is late." Remus gestured at the clock. It was nearly 9 p.m. "And he should be cleaned up.""You're right." Sirius shot his friend a look. "And you'll be helping me seeing as 'this'" He gestured at Snape. "Is your fault.""Come on." Sirius ordered, waiting for Snape to come to his side. Much to his chagrin, Snape lifted his arms up again. Sirius didn't much feel like having cake and sauce all over his face. "Come on, you're a big boy." He pleaded, relieved when Remus held his own arms out for the toddler."Want Siwius..." He whined, sounding close to tears as he wrapped his arms around Sirius's waist. Sighing he lifted the toddler, grimacing when he felt the mess from Snape's fingers being pressed into his hair and clothes. He was not looking forward to this...to any of this, but especially the bathing.
