H.The room was dark, the only light coming from what small amount of moonlight managed to seep in passed the curtains and the flickering blue light of the monitor on the night stand next to me. When a piercing wail came from the little machine, my eyes reluctantly opened. It was 4am, later than it normally was before he started crying. Still, I couldn't help but groan as I went to get up out of bed. I didn't get very far before the arm that had been snaked around my waist tightened. I couldn't help but smile."Draco, I need to get up," I leaned my head back to look at him.Again his arm tightened as he burrowed his face into the crook of my neck, an action he certainly passed down to our son who did the same thing often. Soft kisses covered the delicate skin there before his whispered voice broke through, "Don't worry, I got him." He left another few kisses before he pulled away. I watched with tired eyes as he found pajama bottoms and a shirt to cover his only boxer covered form. "I'll be right back," he shot me a smile before slipping out of the door and down the hall to the nursery.I rolled back over and allowed myself another few hours of sleep before having to wake for work.When I did wake up I noticed the emptiness of the other side of our bed. Draco?I pulled myself up from the bed and located a robe to wear. Looking again at the baby monitor I noticed the steady little blue light of silence, instead of the flickering light that implied sound. I padded my way down the hall and saw the nursery door open just a crack. I snuck in the room quietly, a smile on my face from the sight in front of me.Little four month old baby Scorpius was snuggled into his father's chest, both of them sleeping peacefully in the plush arm chair Draco had moved into the room shortly after he was born. A stuffed dragon toy loosely grasped in the hand of Draco's that was not wrapped around the baby. The smile on his own face told all; he loved that little boy.We knew we wanted children early on. We both felt like we had waited an eternity to have them. He having none in his first marriage. And I just hadn't found the proper man to marry. But we didn't want to rush it either. We already fought off stares, made up stories, and our family and friends just to be together.Our names were slandered, I was a home wrecker, a tart, or my personal favorite "the fallen Gryffindor princess". Seriously, who comes up with these lines? Draco was a cheat, a disgrace to his family name. We took it all and didn't defend ourselves against it. For the most part, these were true. No, we didn't physically cheat, but it was still wrong. And I really did feel bad for the toll it took on Astoria, but I didn't regret it, not one bit.For us the "how'd you two meet" question would always be answered with "school" and hopes that they didn't ask how we started dating. "School" was an easy answer, the latter was not.When we started working together it was odd, but we got over it. Both of us had grown up so much and we happily put our unfriendly past to rest. We spent a lot of time together. Even though Draco had done a wonderful job fixing the Malfoy business, there were still so many placed it had gone wrong in the past. We grew stockily comfortable around each other in a short time. I couldn't figure out why, but he just put me at ease.That was until I realized what was happening...I had always thought cheating was black and white. I couldn't believe people could do that. But, now I know that there are many shades of grey in between.Draco was someone I was just drawn to, no matter how many times I would try to stay away. Before a meeting with him I'd scold myself, not allowing myself to feel such feelings. Yet when I would see him it was like part of my brain would shut down. That was terrifying for someone like me, someone who relied heavily on my intelligence. I would find myself smiling at his jokes, and noticing little things about him. He did the same to me.We avoided talking about this obvious problem like the plague. Both of us seeming to stupidly believe that as long as we didn't act on it, it would go away. Clearly it didn't.I found myself entertaining the idea of him leaving Astoria. I kept finding little things about their relationship that I thought was strange. So many things they didn't know, or care to know, about each other. And then there was the children thing. I could not believe he chose me to confide in. It was a terrible story and I truly felt for Astoria hearing it. But, I didn't think he would ever leave her. Even if he wasn't in love with her, he cared for her. He was fiercely protective and didn't want to see her hurt.Finally it came to the point where I was going to back out. I knew better, and I hated that I was becoming someone I never had imagined I would. I was acting without following my head, that was just too strange for me.I had planned on telling him that day that our business was finished. I had signed on to a case that would take me away from his proximity. We had worked hard and I thought it was would be a good time to leave. That was when I was abducted. I was so stupid. How could I have let that happen to me?One second I was on my way to my office at the Ministry, the next, I was apparated somewhere. I didn't know where I was. All I knew was that I was thrown forcefully into a room, my body bouncing roughly against cold concrete flooring. Pain followed, so much pain. I had been under that kind of torture before, in Malfoy Manor no less.I had heard his voice, begging me to wake up. I could hear it in my comatose state, but I couldn't respond. I couldn't even open my eyes or move a muscle to let him know I wasn't dead.I was in St. Mungos when I woke up. It was the next morning when I did. The damage I had received wasn't as bad as it could have been. Apparently the wizard preforming the heavy spell wasn't that great of a wizard. Draco was at my bedside, apparently having been there all night.Before he left to go home, he called Harry to stay with me. And as he was pulling away from a hug he gave me I heard him mumble some pained words against my hair. "I thought I lost you..."Apparently he decided he needed to make it right, and when he went home he told Astoria everything.He moved out shortly after that, I visited him at his new flat often. We both were trying to figure out where exactly we were going from there. When news broke that we were "together", people went crazy.Of course one of the those crazy people was the man that abducted me. I still couldn't believe my eyes when I went to talk to Astoria and found him pressing her into the floor. The fight that ensued was electric. Somehow both of us managed to work together and win.Life after that was still hectic, but it was better than it had been. Finally Draco and I had realized that we needed to be together. After some time we moved into together, buying a house away from Wiltshire and his family. Neither of his parents ever seemed to really accept the fact that their only son had married a muggleborn, but once their grandson was born they did make an effort. And neither of them spoke badly about me in front of Draco or Scorpius, which was a step in the proper direction at least.The news of Astoria's own engagement a few months back made me happy. She seemed like she found someone who was right for her, someone who would love her in ways Draco couldn't. It felt like...closure. We could all finally be happy with our respective (and proper) partners.In the end of things, I was happy with my life. It was a rough road to get where we were. Draco and I fought through a lot, just to be together. It was worth it though, I wouldn't have changed it for the world.So yeah, I may have been some of those terrible things people said of me, a home wrecker. But, sometimes those unproperly built homes were just waiting for demolition so they could be rebuilt into something beautiful. And as I looked on at my sleeping family, I knew it was indeed beautiful.-Author's Note-Well hello there! It's been a week since I posted the last chapter of Astoria, so here is the first chapter of this! This chapter is more just to give you slight insight onto how Hermione had thought throughout Astoria. The word count isn't as high as normal, but it'll get better. Promise!Reviews are much appreciated!
