Weather the Storm.Chapter 1The start of the summer brought with it new beginnings for both Storm and Hermione. The brunette had decided to take Storm up on her offer, to stay with the Griffins until she found herself a flat closer to the Ministry. The first week was rather relaxed as Hermione sent letters back and fourth with the Minister himself. Both of them taking a few the Ministry, Hermione to secure herself a job in whatever department she'd decided she wanted to work in. Storm herself to visit her parents while they worked.The second week Hermione started work, and by the third they'd started to look for a flat. The brunette having narrowed the search down to three places they'd be visiting that saturday. Storm was looking forward to doing something that didn't consist of spending most of her days trying to build a house in a tree that she was sure would go unused.Hermione was looking forward to having her own home to go back to every night. She was grateful to the Griffin's, and was more than happy staying with them. But it was temporary and that was something she was more than willing to change.The weekend was upon them before they had realised it, and they soon found themselves once again wandering through muggle London's busy streets. Busy people hurrying in every direction, clad in suits and ties. "Are we almost there?" Storm asked rather loudly, gripping Hermione's hand with one of hers, her free hand firmly on her wand."Almost" The brunette threw over her shoulder as she concentrated on the large buildings on one side of the street. They were heading for the third flat that day, having already seen two possibilities. One was a little too dodgy, and Storm hadn't liked it at all, and the other was a little too small which Hermione hadn't been too fond of."Thirds the charm" Storm spoke as they finally stopped beside a block of newbuild flats just off of London's centre. The outside seemed well presented, and clean. Which already boded well in Storm's books."I definitely hope so, all this walking is starting to get tiring" Hermione admitted, a sigh escapping her lips as she turned to look at Storm who was smiling to herself."Shall we?" The American nodded to the little pannel of buttons with flat numbers on them. "Is the lady here? The one that's meant to be meeting us after lunch?""She should be, we're a little late after your excursion into the music store" Hermione spoke, rolling her eyes but her voice held no malice. Without further hesitation she reached out and pressed the buzzer for the flat they'd be looking at.A second or so later a woman's voice rang out of the intercom, and soon they'd been buzzed into the building. As soon as the elevator doors shut behind them Storm piped up."Muggles have really rather interesting forms of comunication don't they?" She asked, a small smile stull tugging at her lips as she examined to buttons along the one wall."They are quite clever." Hermione admitted, though a little more experianced with Muggles than Storm herself. The American having proven to be quite adept at dealing with them, and their equipment.The elevator came to a stop, and the doors slid open. Revealing a well kept and brightly lit hallway with a few doors at different intervals along both walls."After you" Storm spoke, holding the doors open for Hermione to exit first, following behind as soon as the brunette was free of the lift.The third door along was open, and the real estate agent that had been helping the older witch was stood waiting for them. She was young girl, but still a fair bit older than the both of them."Didn't get lost did you?" She asked, a warm smile tugging at her lips as she ushered them both into the cosy flat."Not this time, but there was a little bit of a distraction along the way. I hope you weren't waiting long" Hermione replied as she pulled Storm into the room."We lost track of time is all" Storm spoke up, her eyes already taking in the room they were stood in. It was quite big, and there was a door leading into what Storm thought to be the kitchen, and a hallway leading out the otherside of the room. It was well lit, and continued to be so as the agent led them through the place.Letting them wander around each and every one of the rooms. Hermione looked more than pleased, and would point things out she liked. "It's big enough for us both" she said finally, "it's in a good place too. What do you think?" She asked, giving Storm's hand a slight squeeze."It's nice, if you like it I don't think there's a need to see the next one. We can always re-decorate and such. I can paint and the like while you're at work during the week" Storm replied, her dark eyes scanning the medium-sized bedroom they were stood in."I like it. I think I'll go talk to the agent about definitely putting the deposit down." Hermione spoke, her features pulling themselves into a triumphant smirk."I'll stay here and look around a little more" Storm spoke, almost shooing the brunette out to meet the realistate agent again. The woman having left them to talk it over for a few moments.Hermione soon disappeared and left the shifter to her own devices. Examining various outlets and cables that were already in place. It was a nice flat, the carpet looked like it was almost brand new, and the walls were almost pristien. It was big enough for Hermione, and Storm herself wouldn't take up much room with only being there half the time. It was close enough to the city centre, but far enough away for it to be nice. There was a lot of traffic and noise, but Storm had no doubt a simple silencing charm would sort that out. There wasn't much to complain about, if anything at all."That's all sorted out, I should have the keys by monday" Hermione's voice rang out, dragging Storm from her internal musings."That was quick" She laughed, shaking her head. "I always thought it took ages to get a place" She admitted, rubbing the back of her neck awkwardly."Not at all" Hermione grinned, "I suppose buying one would take longer, but the landlord had already pre-approved of our information" The older witch explained, taking Storm's offered hand."Well, where to now? Something to eat? I'm starving!" The American stated, following Hermione out of the flat. Leaving the Agent to lock up."Storm, we just had lunch!" Hermione scolded playfully, shaking her head in disbelief."This has been hungry work you know..." The shifter grumbled, nudging the shorter witch as they got into the lift once again.-x-x-x-x-A week later they'd moved into the flat, and had all the basics sorted out. A matress on the floor, Storm's sofa and coffee table she'd given to Hermione, some bath towels, and a few things for the kitchen. Their first night was ever so slightly awkward, and Storm had insisted on putting protective enchantments on both the door and windows.Hermione insisting that conjuring a bed frame was cheating, and they would be doing it the right way. So they slept on the matress on the floor, curled up together completely contented by how empty the flat was.The next night, Hermione had returned home from work to find half of the place painted and dinner ready and waiting for her. Storm having crashed on the small couch, still snoring quietly with her legs hung off the one side when Hermione had gone to investigate. The younger witch was covered paint and dust, her longer hair stuck straight up in places."Storm" Hermione spoke quietly, kneeling beside the sofa by the shifter's head. Reaching a hand out to stroke the younger girl's face gently."Stormy" She spoke again, louder this time. The young seeker shifting slightly, before jerking awake wide eyed; jumping to her feet almost immediately."What?" She spoke out of breath, calming completely once she noticed Hermione sat staring up at her in amusement."Have a nice nap did you?" The brunette asked, standing to press a kiss to Storm's cheek as the seeker rubbed her eyes."I painted, and put up those shelves in the bedroom" The American spoke groggily, "And made dinner. I was just waiting for you to get back" She smiled a wide triumphant smile, "I only used a sticking charm, because those hammers are really quite dangerous" She stated as she showed the brunette her finger which had gone slightly purple. "I missed the nail, and hit myself instead Then couldn't find the bruise paste and broke the bathroom cabinet" The American stated looking slightly sheepish."I really have no issues believing it, and the bruise paste is in the kitchen still from when you opened the cupboard too fast" Hermione sighed, it was like living with a puppy; you never knew what you'd come home too. Luckily Storm could perform magic, and fix whatever it was she might have destroyed during the day before Hermione even got home."So what's for dinner then?" The brunette asked as she made her way into the kitchen where two plates were set out and covered over."Sausage sandwiches and the works" Storm spoke as she followed lazily behind her, her socked feet padding lightly along the carpeted floor. "You liked them when we were staying with my parents, so I just did that" She stated, grabbing one of the plates. "There's more in the oven if you want""Your parents really like to eat Italian don't they?" Hermione replied flippantly, thinking back on the few weeks she spent with the younger girl and her family."That would be because they're both from Italian families" Storm smirked as she sat down on the floor beside the coffee table, setting her plate down onto its surface."Oh, well that explains a lot I guess" the brunette stated, eyeing her girlfriend almost as if her appearance suddenly made sense."It never came up" was Storm's answer when Hermione had asked why she hadn't been told."My season starts soon, so I'll start swapping between here and my parent's house. The first game is at the start of September" She spoke, "I got a letter today to confirm it""The stadium is in Dorset isn't it?" The brunette quizzed, an eyebrow raised slightly as she tucked into her first sandwich; Storm already on her second."It is, our first game is at home, so I'll be able to get a few tickets. You're coming right?" The younger girl stopped and looked up at the brunette, waiting for the answer."Of course, I don't know if I'll be able to come to them all, but I'll definitely try" She beamed, "I've got some paperwork to do before bed, but it's getting late. You don't have to wait for me" She admitted with a sigh, flashing her gaze over to the briefcase that sat leant up against the wall near the door."I'll wait, I've not got anywhere to be in the morning" Storm stated as she took the now empty plates and headed for the kitchen, leaving Hermione alone to do whatever it was she had to do. The brunette watched the younger girl go, and sighed heavily to herself. It was going to be a long night that was for sure.-x-x-x-x-Storm's first game had finally arrived a friendly match against one of the other League's teams. It was the start of August and the weather was sweltering, the sun bright making it hard to see much of anything in the air. Both teams had done well, but never the less, Storm had something to prove. Finishing the game an hour or so after it started by grabbing the golden ball right from under the other teams noses. Starting the season off with a win, even if it hadn't counted for anything. Even though it had only been a friendly, it was intense, and the stands were jam packed with supporters. Practices leading up to it had been rough, but the team was already melded together, and all she had to do was what she did best and fit right in. She was the youngest by far, but had no trouble keeping up with everybody; forcing herself to do as much as she could, and that little bit more. As soon as the game had finished, she'd reluctantly gone off in search of the brunette. Hermione had become distant, more and more so over the last few weeks and Storm found herself worried sick over the state of their relationship. It seemed the brunette wanted to be around her, and was just as happy as before, but would always find an excuse to avoid extensive physical contact.Hermione had surprised her that afternoon, hurrying down the hallways towards the changing rooms before Storm had even begun her search. The brunette grinning from ear to ear as she collided solidly with Storm's body. "Well done!" She squealed, pulling a laughing Storm down to kiss rather deeply. "I'm so proud of you" the brunette beamed, and the shadows that had been filling the American up over the past few weeks vanished in that moment. Her mind automatically pinning the distance with the stresses of the new jobs."How were the seats? I was told they'd be pretty good" The shifter asked curiously, leaning down to brush the tip of her nose against Hermione's."They were great, and did you know they're already selling posters of you? I was going to buy one, but figured it'd be completely pointless as I've got the real thing" Hermione laughed, nodding towards one of the walls beside them, lines with posters of the Puddlemere players. All posing and moving in different ways. She'd examined a few of them on the way down, and Storm's was by far her favourite. The younger girl dressed in her robes, stood grinning a lopsided grin waving quite happily at the camera as opposed to the others who had stood looking a little moody. Storm was the complete opposite of Krum, and Hermione found that almost laughable."Ginny's got one too, I met her in Diagon alley after she'd been to get the photos taken. Don't you think that's weird?" Storm asked, eyeing the poster of Wood waving a little stiffly at her."I don't see why it would be" Hermione admitted with a small smile, taking Storm's hand to lead her away. "Your father's bought about five, he thinks they're absolutely brilliant"A week or so after her first game, Storm found herself once again at Quidditch practice; stood stretching out her sore muscles. She was the first out onto the pitch as usual and took the opportunity to try and relieve some of the stiffness she'd been left with after a day or so off."Hey Griffin, have you seen this?" Came Wood's voice as he strode out of the changing rooms. His large, built frame making her look weedy in comparison."Seen what?" She asked as she straightened up, an eyebrow raised in question as she watched him wander ever closer, somewhat hesitantly it seemed. She and Wood had gotten on well right from the start, and it had done her well to help them win their first match. She was the youngest on the team by far, and Wood had made that transition slightly easier."The Prophet's headlines" He said simply, chucking the folded up newspaper he'd been carrying at her. She caught it easily and opened it up, and immediately felt grateful that it was just them on the pitch, their teammates not yet having headed out of the changing rooms. Storm felt herself blanch as she stared down at the words written in bold letters on the front page.'Hermione Granger, Pregnant?' It read, and below it was a picture of the brunette heading into St. Mungo's, and below that a photo of Storm herself."Hermione's not pregnant" Storm stated, and she wasn't sure if she actually believed it herself. Things had been off with them recently, and Storm had put it down to the strain working for the Ministry caused. "She can't be, I've not got a I'm not a guy, it's impossible unless we planned it." She stated indignantly, her eyes scanning the front page briefly reading the passage next to a photo of herself waving and grinning kitted out in her quidditch gear clearly taken after their first game.'Hermione Granger, seen earlier this week heading into St. Mungo's has been confirmed to be pregnant. This shocking news comes just after her girlfriend's first game with Puddlemere United. The member of the Golden Trio had been spotted earlier on this week, and luckily our sources have been able to confirm that she is expecting a child. The news is shocking in itself, the young hero surely the last person anyone would ever expect to find herself under such circumstance.How is the latest Quidditch star, Storm Griffin, going to take the news? Is it hers, or is it product of a sordid love affair going on behind closed doors? After all, Seventeen is a little young to plan for a child, and word has it, the two aren't even living together. Trouble is definitely brewing in paradise ladies and gents. A reliable source has expressed that there is some evidence that the child may indeed belong to Ronald Weasley, the second of the Golden Trio. The seventeen year old has yet to make a comment, we wonder; does she even know? Reliable sources seem to think not. After all, breaking onto the Quidditch scene must be keeping her really rather busy. Was Miss Granger simply feeling neglected? Did she go elsewhere to find what the young seeker was too busy to provide?'Storm almost choked on her own breath as she looked up to meet Wood's eyes, her ears burning and her throat completely dry. "Are you going to be able to play? Because we really don't need you today" He spoke quietly, reaching out to rest a hand on the seekers shoulder."I'll be fine, it's not true" she said forcefully, crumpling the newspaper up before handing it back to him. "The prophet is full of nonsense. Everybody knows that" she forced a smile, and he seemed to hesitate before nodding.She hadn't lasted long, and finally was sent home after flying into the path of an oncoming bludger, taking it to the side of the face. As soon as she hit the ground, the team's Medi-witch was on the scene, ready to offer assistance and a quick fix. Things like this happened a lot during these practices, and she knew it was only minor. With a shake of her head she refused help from the older witch. Instead just grabbed her stuff and apparated straight to the brunettes place unable to wait any longer, ignoring the throbbing in her face as she held a cloth to her nose. Unlocking the door with some difficulty she headed in. Loud voices met her ears, and before she could register what was happening it was all explained for her. The question burning her from the inside out was asked by a voice that lit white hot fury in her stomach as soon as she heard it."So it's true then? You're pregnant?" Ron's voice boomed through the small flat, raised and agitated."Yes, Ronald but I don't need you to act like this right now. I'll have enough trouble when Storm gets back, no doubt she'd have seen it too." Came Hermione's voice, shaking slightly with suppressed emotion and it was enough for Storm to drop her things and pull her wand.Rage flooding her system and causing her to see nothing but red. Stepping into the room, she stunned the enraged redhead before he could respond. Hermione's jaw falling as she took in her girlfriend's appearance as she looked up from gaping at Ron's unconscious form."Storm!" She shrieked, surprise and horror written all over her face. "You're not supposed to be back yet!" She paled, as her quick mind caught up to the situation and she realised how extensive it actually was."The Prophet was actually right for once" Storm started, unable to stop herself from trembling all over, her wand still trained on the unconscious boy on the floor. Her eyes fixed solely on Hermione herself, "is it his?" She asked, her voice calm and collected as she prepared herself for what was to come, unsure of whether or not she wanted to know the answer either way."No, it's not his" Hermione spoke quickly, her dark eyes taking in Storm's very windswept appearance, taking in the streaks of smeared blood across the seekers face. "Please calm down, you're bleeding. Calm down, and we can discuss this" she pleaded, having jumped up from her seat on the sofa to try and take a step closer to the younger witch who looked torn between wanting to cry, or rage on. To her surprise Storm's wand was dropped totally, and landed with a soft thud on the carpeted floor. Storm had taken a step back almost as soon as Hermione had moved, opting to disarm herself. If there was one thing Storm wasn't prepared to do, it was turn her wand on Hermione."Whose is it then?" The shifter spoke, her voice cold and totally void of emotion. "I think I deserve to know" She stated, "don't you?" She spoke again, though this time her voice shook and wavered."If you'll just calm down and let me explain, you'll understand" Hermione tried again, taking another few steps closer. Her voice remaining calm as she looked over the scene in blind panic. Unable to form any sort of plan, unable to really gauge how angry the younger girl was."Explain what Hermione?" Storm spat, finally breaking and unable to keep her composure, her voice raising now. Glaring at the older witch with everything she could muster. The throbbing in her face having been totally forgotten when she walked in to find Ron already there."Explain why you've not let me so much as touch you over the last month? Why you've been going to bed before me, or after me? Why you've been locking the doors behind you when you get in the shower or bath? Why you'd sleep as far away from me as you could possibly get?" She spoke, the rage dying out with every word only to be replaced by absolute defeat."It really does make all the sense in the world now. I was waiting, I'd have left if I could or even brought it up if I wasn't so afraid of the answer. I thought you'd just gone off me, didn't want to end things but didn't want to be with me either." She stated, wiping at her eyes furiously as they filled with tears that threatened to spill over and streak paths down her face."You could have just said, instead I have to read about it in the bloody prophet. I'd have done anything for you Hermione, even piss off if you really wanted. You couldn't just give me that?" She finished lamely, her shoulders sagging as her eyes dropped to stare at the floor. The defeat more terrifying than any of her anger could ever be, and Hermione felt her heart sink as she watched on. She'd not realised Storm had noticed, hadn't realised the younger girl was waiting to be left rather than to just leave herself.The smaller girl stood wanting to do nothing but wrap the younger girl up and fix it. Fix the mess the prophet had created with its lies and formulations, fix the quite apparently bloody nose the shifter had returned with, and fix everything that was wrong with the scene that was still unravelling."Storm, it's not... That's not it. It's not anyone else's, I haven't... I never" Hermione tried, grasping at anything that might help her explain, and quickly."So what? It's mine? I don't know if you've noticed Hermione, but I lack the equipment needed for anything like that to happen" Storm replied, her anger returning as her eyes flashed up at the brunette who took the chance to launch herself at the younger girl. Storm was unguarded in that brief few seconds. For a brief moment Storm relaxed into the embrace, her body welcoming it's warmth until she registered the small but noticeable bump that had kept Hermione so far away for the last month or so. The indefinite proof of their situation pressed up against her own stomach. Flinching back violently was all she could do not to retch then and there, her back hitting the wall behind her with a loud thud and her knees buckled. "Don't" She spoke through gritted teeth, pulling her knees up tightly to her chest as if ensuring the older witch wouldn't be able to touch her again."That night, the last night of the celebration, all the magic surrounding us, you just winning the tournament for Gryffindor. It all adds up, it all made it possible." She started after a deep breath, trying to get the explanation out before she was interrupted. Sinking down to sit beside the shifter, reaching out to grab one of the girl's hands to toy with as she spoke. Thankful when Storm didn't yank away again, "I was susceptible to it, because I'd been thinking about it earlier that day. How it would be to eventually have your children and it happened."She paused to take a breath, hoping with everything she had that she could get through to the American. "You're a magical creature, you're not human! You're not just a girl, you're a shape shifter a creature whose entire being is built up on magic, more so than any witch or wizard. You look human, act human, and basically are human, but you're not. All the magic, all your magic and excitement, and my willingness to have your children eventually, made it possible. I've researched it all, it can happen, it has happened." She paused to take another breath, her voice breaking as she carried on "I've not cheated on you, not with anyone, not ever" Hermione had started out calm, and ended up pleading. Her voice shaking and cracking as she gripped Storm's calloused hand in her own, running the tips of her smaller fingers over the familiar palm; using it as a small source of comfort.Storm herself was just staring at the brunette blankly, her dark watery eyes still leaking quite liberally as she visibly processed what was said. Her features slowly morphing from angry, to confused and then as a dawning realisation hit her she went wide eyed; almost like a deer caught in the headlights. Her fingers gripping Hermione's hand every now and again as if to make sure she was still there as she continued to stare for a few moments, her dark wide eyes flicking between Hermione herself, to her stomach and back again."Why didn't you just tell me?" She finally said, her bottom lip wobbling as she tried to pull herself together again, the situation at least manageable now."I had to have all the facts straight first. I didn't believe it myself, but it's the only way" The brunette admitted quietly, running the pad of her thumb across the back of Storm's hand."I thought you didn't want me Hermione" The American spoke a tone of relief laced with every word she spoke. And with that she broke down again, pulling the brunette quite forcefully into her lap. All but crushing the older witch as she wrapped her arms around her and pressed her nose into the soft flesh of the brunette's neck. The older witch still dressed in her work clothes, her hair up and off of her neck and looking all together professional compared to the American herself.Hermione didn't protest, or complain as relief flooding her being and washed over her entirely. "I always want you" She spoke quietly, leaning into the younger girl; into the embrace she'd missed so much as she distanced herself while trying desperately to work out what had happened; how it had happened."I'm sorry" Came the muffled sound of Storm's voice, spoken into the crook of Hermione's neck where she'd buried her face. Her breath warm against the exposed flesh,"Can I clean you up now?" Hermione asked quite seriously, "You're honestly always bleeding, and it's not that I mind, but I don't think it's helping anything right now. What did you do this time?" she spoke as she pulled her wand to conjure a cloth. Feeling the need for the intimacy after so long without."Flew into a bludger, well it flew into me but I was in its way" Storm stated simply, pulling away to wipe her nose on her sleeve. "They sent me home, I couldn't concentrate after they'd showed me the prophet.""Why didn't you leave? If you thought I didn't want you, why didn't you go?" Hermione asked, an eyebrow raised curiously as she conjured a cloth."I didn't want to" Storm replied plainly, leaning her head back against the wall behind her to give the smaller girl more room to work."What are we going to do 'Mione?" She asked, eyes shut once again as she spoke."First we're going to sort Ron out, I'll apparate him home and present him to his mother before taking the jinx off of him. He turned up not long before you did, and honestly I dread to think what Molly thinks. I'm surprised I've not received a letter from her yet telling me about how happy she is to be a grandmother again" The brunette sighed, rolling her eyes quite dramatically to prove her point."Can't I come with you?" Storm asked, "I don't trust him, he'll try to convince everyone it's actually his" She spoke almost bitterly."If you must, but then you're going to have a shower while I make dinner, then we're going to go to bed and discuss it tomorrow. You're not going to go in, and nor am I. This is far too important to just leave." The older girl answered, her voice quiet as she gently wiped at the shifters face."Do you know if it's a boy or a girl yet?" The American quizzed, opening her eyes to glance down between them, staring for a moment as if she'd be able to see."Not yet" Hermione smiled a small, tired smile. Her biggest fear gone with Storm's curiosity. She'd worried about how the American was going to take the news when she finally was told, having only just come of age. But all things considered, she'd taken it rather well when the truth had finally been outed."When's it coming?" Storm asked again, an eyebrow raised."December" Hermione replied, "We've got the most part of five months before we have to worry about that.""We've got a long way to go haven't we?" Storm stated, though it wasn't really a question that needed an answer."We do" Was all the brunette could say, a heavy sigh escaping her lips as she leant into the taller witch. Her head finding the girl's shoulder as Storm's arm's constricted around her once again.
