Wanna BetDisclaimer: Harry Potter and related characters, themes, and mythical creations belong to the lovely JK Rowling. I own nothing.AN: Oh my goodness it feels like it's been forever since I was last on ff when it was really only a few weeks. Can I just say for the record, I hate school? This is the first time I've gotten a break in a while. So anyway about this storybefore you leave comments, yes I know this idea is terribly clich, and yes there are probably a hundred fics with this couple and idea. But this is also my take on it, so hopefully it will keep you entertained enough to stick with it because once again I have absolutely no idea where I'm going with the storyline. Also as a side note to flamers I realize I am not the greatest writer who ever lived. (Believe me I know because JK Rowling has taken that wonderful title!) However, this is just a hobby and something I do in my spare time and I'm not looking into seriously pursuing a writing career, so negative words really won't have your desired effect on me and would just be a waste of both of our times. Having said that, I have no problem with constructive criticism and welcome that if you didn't like the way something happened or ideas on how to make this story more entertaining for you, as long as you do so in a respectful manner. I aim to please : ) Now that I'm sure I've thoroughly bored you if you're even still reading this, onto the plot!Hands covered their mouths as they giggled and shot him sultry smiles and flirty looks while batting fake eyelashes at him. Draco in return shot them his signature Malfoy smirk that was sure to have melted their hearts and knickers. The group of sixth year Slytherin girls giggled harder and whispered to each other as he continued to walk past, no doubt telling each other how incredibly sexy and god like he was. He was damn good looking and he knew it.Continuing on his way down the hall, the entire female population at Hogwarts it seemed continued to flaunt themselves at him. Slytherins, Hufflepuffs, and hell even a few Gryffindors couldn't resist trying to catch the Slytherin Prince's eye. His already out of control ego was boosted a few more levels as he finally walked into the Great Hall.Approaching the Slytherin table, he took his usual spot next to Blaise, and across from Theo. Reaching for a piece of toast and butter he looked up to catch the eyes of yet another group of giggling girls who quickly looked away when he winked at them. Theo, who had watched the whole interaction, rolled his eyes and sighed."Merlin's balls, will you cut it out? Seriously it's only the second day of term!" Theo snapped as he took a large drink of coffee. He wasn't a morning person, and the grating sounds of their giggles were getting on his last nerve.Draco raised an eyebrow and smirked. "No need for jealousy there Nott, I'll let you have whichever one you want once I'm through with her" he said condescendingly.Blaise chuckled into his glass of pumpkin juice while Theo continued to glare at Draco. The three of them had been best friends since they were children, but sometimes they fought like siblings or got on each other's nerves. Today was a prime example. Draco was always a man slag, but he seemed to step it up over the summer and even since they arrived back at Hogwarts for their 'do-over year.' The ministry had encouraged the seventh years to return for an eighth year by not accepting anyone who didn't have a completed education. Mostly everyone had come back and an extra set of dorms were added to each house for the students.The new dorms were slightly smaller than the regular ones, and only about three were put in each. Draco, Theo, and Blaise shared one and for once were glad to not have to share their living quarters with the other dunderheads in their year. However, much to Blaise and Theo's annoyance, Draco wasted no time in bringing his conquests to their shared living quarters and 'breaking the room in.' The night they arrived at the castle, Draco convinced a seventh year to skip out on the sorting ceremony and opening speech, then proceeded to shag her all over the room. After walking into that sight, Blaise and Theo knew this was going to be a long year and also learned to announce their presence well before they reached the dormitory. But that didn't stop the Slytherin Sex God from screwing girls other places where the two frequented. Already they'd seen him pull a sixth year into a broom closet, an eighth year into an abandoned classroom during break, and even saw him convince a fifth year to linger a little longer after divination class where had Blaise not shut the door and put up a silencing charm behind them, he was sure the entire castle would of heard the girl's moans."Like I want your sloppy seconds, you whore" Theo scoffed while munching on a piece of bacon. His mood was slowly improving. Bacon seemed to have that desired effect on anyone."At this rate, that's all we're gonna be able to get" Blaise muttered, although both of his roommates heard him. Draco's smirk only widened and the thought brought Theo's sour mood back."Whatsa' matter Blaise? No girl giving you a second look? Or maybe you've discovered you prefer blokes?" Draco taunted.The Italian shot him a scathing look and huffed. "Please, I'm just as good as you in the sack, if not better. Unlike you though, I can control my urges and don't act like a bitch in heat every five minutes." Theo busted out laughing and Blaise smirked as it was Draco's turn to scowl at the comeback."Trust me Blaise, you are nowhere near as good as me when it comes to fucking" the blonde informed him haughtily. "I am a God when it comes to sex, hence the nickname that I was bestowed with. My seduction skills are unattainable and no girl can resist" he finished shooting his friend a smug look.He looked unwaveringly at Blaise, who merely raised an eyebrow at him. "Did you hear that Theo?" He said without breaking eye contact with Draco. "It seems like our little Drakie here is overestimating his abilities."Theo snickered. "You know Blaise, I think he truly believes he's irresistible. Sounds like he needs to be knocked down a few pegs."Draco turned his gaze onto Theo and said, "Oh I know I'm irresistible. Any girl, any time, any place, I can have her begging for me.""Care to put your money where your mouth is?" Blaise challenged. If he knew Draco, he knew the blonde couldn't turn down the opportunity to prove he was as good as he thought he was. Technically, Draco set this one up and walked into it all by himself.Draco scoffed. "What, has this year alone not been proof enough for you nit wits? Perhaps you need another demonstration in our room tonight. Give you something to wank off to" he said with a wink."Oh no, we're fully aware of the skanks you've been rolling around with" Theo said. "However, you did say that your skills could get any girl in the sack. That would include any girl of our choosing. What do you say to a little bet?"Draco thought about it for a couple of seconds. "What are the stakes?" Even though he was confident in his abilities, he was still a Slytherin and didn't rush into anything head first. That's what bloody Gryffindorks were for.Blaise and Theo pondered this for a moment. "Galleons?" Theo offered.Draco shook his head. "Too easy. Besides it's not like I need them."The three thought for a few more minutes until Blaise looked up and caught sight of a flash of red hair of one boy and a messy black mop of another. With an evil grin he turned to Draco and said, "I've got an idea. If you lose, you have to approach Potter and Weasley in front of the entire school and tell them you're gay and have been dreaming of a threesome with them since we were second years." Draco's face paled as Blaise's words sunk in, which was no easy feat considering how pale he already was. For a moment Blaise and Theo thought he would turn the bet down simply because of the horror that loomed over him with the prospect of losing.To their surprise, Draco nodded and said, "Fine, I accept. It's not like I'll be losing anyway. And when I win, you two tossers have to approach Pothead and Weaselbee in front of the entire school, and profess your undying love." That wiped the smug grins off both Theo and Blaise's faces, but they agreed nonetheless. Just then, the bell rang signaling the end of breakfast and beginning of first classes.Picking up his bag, Blaise turned to Draco and said "Tonight in our room, we'll let you know our choice and set up the rules."Draco stood up with the grace and arrogance that only a Malfoy could carry and turned to his friend. "Whatever you say mate. Go ahead and find the lucky bird. Be prepared to woo your men tomorrow at breakfast." The three walked out of the Great Hall continuing their taunts and jeers, each with the same thought in their head. There was absolutely no way in hell they were going to lose this bet.XOXOXOXOXOFinding a girl that would resist Draco was harder than it sounded. Blaise and Theo knew immediately that it couldn't be a Slytherin, seeing as those were only too eager. Hufflepuffs were nearly just as easy. The idiots had no brain power and Draco would have the bet in the bag within the hour. No, they had to plan this out perfectly. The stakes were too high for them to lose.They decided to go with a Ravenclaw, seeing as those were generally the hardest girls for them to get. They were smart, but usually pretty clueless when it came to flirting and seduction. They'd be able to resist simply because they wouldn't know Draco was trying to bed them.In potions, they thought they'd found the perfect girl. She was a short red haired sixth year who sat in the front so as not to miss any of the lecture. The girl was painfully shy to the point of not being able to look you in the eye if she wasn't comfortable with you. Theo pointed her out to Blaise who nodded. However, Draco came in just then, late as usual with his shirt untucked and reeking of sex. The only available seat was right next to said witch. He plopped down beside her and within no time, had her giggling like one of the airheads from his annoying fan club as he whispered seductively in her ear. He was able to get her to brew the potion completely for him getting top marks for the day as well as crossing the girl off Theo and Blaise's list.In Care of Magical Creatures, again Blaise found one that he thought could deflate Draco's ego and win them the bet. She was a seventh year with short dirty blonde hair and incredibly tall. She was also a huge feminist and had many guys scared to approach her for fear of saying the wrong thing and her going off an a tangent about how 'females were empowered' and all that mess. Hagrid had the class split into pairs and tend to the newly hatched blast ended skrewts and try feeding them different things to see what they could and couldn't digest. Due to McGonagall's policy for trying to promote house unity, his only stipulation was that you had to pair with someone who wasn't from your house. Since none of the Slytherins wanted to be paired off with Gryffindors, they rushed to find Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws. Draco partnered with the tall girl and kept her completely distracted from their assignment with skilled touches, and sweet nothings whispered in her ear. Blaise groaned and immediately knew she was out, especially when Theo told him after class that he heard her accept Draco's invitation to meet him somewhere during break.Theo and Blaise were walking back to their dormitory after finishing dinner and starting to seriously worry. They still hadn't found a girl who could resist Draco, and time was running out. Maybe their snarky blonde friend was right. Maybe there truly wasn't a girl within the castle that could resist his supposed charm.The two began discussing ways in which maybe they could trick Draco into just forgetting about the bet all together when a classroom door opening caught their attention. McGonagall walked out first with the two heads and other prefects filing out of the classroom. The Headmistress had called a meeting before dinner to discuss the schedule and duties expected for the year. Draco came out near the end with his arm around a Hufflepuff prefect as she giggled at whatever he said and batted her eyes at him in what she thought was probably a seductive manner. He leaned against the wall and pulled her by her robes towards him, all the while her still laughing like a hyena.Just then, another body emerged from the classroom. She had a wild mane of brown and honey colored curls cascading just past her shoulders and loose baggy robes. Her head was bent down, studying the patrol schedule she'd received in the meeting and was not paying attention to her surroundings. The Hufflepuff took a step back from Draco and accidentally bumped into the girl, causing her to lose her footing, drop her schedule and book bag, and barrel straight into Draco. Out of instinct, he caught her before the both of them tumbled to the ground.The girl looked up and Draco realized just who he was holding as Theo and Blaise, who had gone unnoticed, were able to figure out her identity. It was the other one third of the golden trio, the one and only Hermione Granger.Draco immediately shoved her away and she almost lost her footing again until she placed her hand on the wall to balance herself and shot a glare at him."Bloody hell, mudblood! Watch where you're going!" Draco spat at her.Straightening herself back up she shot back, "Shut up ferret, it was an accident! Maybe if you weren't so disgusting, your date wouldn't have tried to get away from you and bumped into me."He scoffed at her. "Disgusting? Please, don't act like you don't fantasize about me. Here you are practically throwing yourself into my arms. Sorry to break your heart, but I don't associate with the likes of you."She gave him a scathing look that could have probably intimidated Snape. "Trust me Malfoy, you are the farthest thing from my fantasies. I would rather be in the arms of a manticore than yours, you slimy git!"By now the Hufflepuff had lost interest and was making her way down the hall, but Draco only glared harder at Granger while fuming. "That nest that you call hair must be affecting your sight then, you clumsy bint! I just bought these robes Granger! Now I'm going to have to burn them since they're contaminated with your mudblood germs."Granger only rolled her eyes at him and replied, "Yeah, and I'm probably going to have to go get checked by Madame Pomfrey. There's no telling what kind of STD I contracted just by touching you, you man slag." With that, she turned on her heel, quickly gathered up her things and strode off down the hall without a backwards glance. Draco's face turned up in a sneer at her as he watched her walk away for a few seconds, then turned and stormed off in the opposite direction.Blaise and Theo slowly came out from behind the corner and gave each other a smirk. "Theo, are you thinking what I'm thinking?" Blaise questioned in a sing song voice.Theo's smirk widened. "Well Blaise, if your thinking we've just found our solution to our problem, then yes I am" he replied in the same tone.XOXOXOXOXO Blaise and Theo had been in their dormitory waiting for Draco to return for over an hour. Where the blonde had gone after his encounter with the muggleborn witch, neither of them knew, but they'd be willing to bet he went in search of another conquest. He was absolutely insatiable.Finally he came through with his hair messed up, confirming their suspicions. Seeing his two friends look at him in irritation only caused a smug smile to appear on his face. "Waiting up for me now? Really you shouldn't have."Blaise rolled his eyes. "Honestly mate, this is starting to get bloody ridiculous.""Calm down Blaise. Just because you're not getting any, there's no need to lecture me. I can't help it that women find me simply irresistible. Didn't we already have this discussion" he asked while plopping down onto his bed."Speaking of which, we thought you might be interested in who we've chosen for our little bet" Theo commented.Draco's smile never left his face. "So you idiots are still going through with this are you? I thought I had already proved my point today. So which is it? The shy redhead, or the tall feminist?" he drawled arrogantly.Theo's eyes widened in surprise and Blaise gave him a shocked look. "How did you know we considered them?"Draco merely laughed. "You two are about as subtle as a Weasley in an upper-class establishment. I saw you pointing and whispering at both girls in class like a couple of prepubescent third year girls. Didn't take a Ravenclaw to figure out what you were thinking." While they sat cursing themselves for their obviousness, Draco caught on to something Blaise said. "Wait, considered? As in you didn't choose one of them?"Now it was his roommates' turn to smirk. "Oh no Draco, we've got someone better in mind" Theo said smugly.Draco kept an indifferent look on his face to try and show his friends that it didn't matter to him. And it truly didn't make a difference either way. There was no way he could lose this bet. "Alright then, spit it out. I don't have all night."Sharing a look between themselves briefly, Blaise finally turned to his companion and uttered two syllables. "Granger."The room was deathly quiet for all of about five seconds before Draco bolted upright in his bed and glared at the dark skinned Slytherin. "You have got to be fucking kidding me!" he hissed."Oh no, we're completely serious" Blaise replied, fighting the urge to laugh at his friend as his eyes narrowed into tiny slits. "Whatsa matter Draco? You did say you could get any girl.""Any girl! Granger isn't a girl! She's a-a-She's a mudblood! She's not even human!" Draco spluttered.Theo rolled his eyes at his friend's dramatics. "Seriously mate, you're still holding to all that shit? Didn't we establish over the summer that we didn't care anymore? Besides, didn't you shag some muggleborn seventh year yesterday?" After the war, many of the Slytherins decided they just didn't care about blood status anymore. Many of them had seen terrible things done to those not of pureblood, including Draco, and didn't want to continue down that dark path."That was different!" Draco insisted while Blaise and Theo gave him are-you-serious looks. "But, b-b-butit's Granger!" he tried again, hoping his friends would catch his meaning. No, he didn't believe in blood supremacy anymore but Granger had been the bane of his existence ever since he came to Hogwarts. With her bossy, swotty, condescending know-it-all attitude and ability to beat him in almost everything, his dislike for her had grown from the moment he met her. Truthfully, even if she was a pureblood, they'd probably still hate each other."Yeah, it's Granger" Blaise said, showing no sign that he was changing his mind. "You said any girl of our choosing, and we choose Granger. She's actually pretty good looking. You're lucky we didn't choose a cow."Draco narrowed his eyes again at Blaise's compliment of the girl who'd bested him academically all throughout their school years. No, Granger wasn't terrible looking. But still, she was justsoGranger."Are you throwing in the towel already?" Theo taunted from his bed. "I guess even you're not stupid enough to think you could actually get her to sleep with you. Ha! The day that happens will be the day Looney Lovegood starts making sense! Well, I guess we better get some sleep. I want to be fully rested so I don't miss Drakie here exploiting his sexual desires to Pothead and Weasel and the rest of the school" he said, getting under his covers.Remembering exactly what the stakes were, Draco made his decision. "Fine! I accept your challenge you bloody arseholes" he said while glaring at them both.Theo and Blaise seemed surprised for a moment before Blaise finally nodded his head. "Okay. You have until the day before graduation to find a way to get into Granger's pants. And you have to have some type of proof, or maybe we'll steal some veritaserum from the potions closet. Good luck mate, you're gonna need it.""I don't need luck. I'm a Malfoy. She'll be begging for it soon enough. They always do" Draco replied arrogantly. Truthfully, he had no idea how to go about this. How do you get someone you've tormented since the day you met to agree to sleep with you? As Blaise and Theo continued to taunt him about how hard it was going to be and the looming threat of what would happen if he lost, he knew this was going to be a long year.AN: So, what'd you think? Hope you liked it. It's currently 3:15, and I'm about to crash. But I've been working on this for two days and was determined to get it up tonight. I do apologize for any spelling and grammatical errors, but I'm simply too lazy to check right now. Please review!
