A/N: hello again, here goes take two.The world is completely AU. Voldemort was never resurrected, so Harry's known for destroying him when he was a baby, so Hogwarts is just as normal as any Wizarding school. Draco isn't that bully from the books, rather he paid little attention toward anyone who wasn't in Slytherin. Hermione is NOT friends with Harry and Ron. She heard Ron's insult of her being annoying know-it-all (age 11), where the other girl in her dorm, Fay Dunbar, been the one to cheer her up. The two been best friends ever since.All in all, the characters are OOC.DISCLAIMER: all characters and world belong to J.K. Rowling. Except for Ami Winters, she is mine as is the plot.Chapter 1When you fancy a man, you notice things about him, that others often miss. Simple things like, an eye roll when someone irritates him, a scoff when he's told he's in the wrong in a debate, or a groan when he sees the stack of papers on his desk first thing in the morning.When you work in close proximity to him, spending easily over eight hours with him, you notice other things. More personal things. Like how he takes his coffee in the morning, how often he grooms himself, and that he dislikes sweets.You've grown accustomed to his voice, scent, and presence that you find yourself lost once the day is over and you go your separate ways. You crave for the little moments that occur, whether it is a wink, a pat on the back, or a bright smile, you want all of it. To feel that rush through your blood. The dance in your heart.Your brain is constantly overwhelmed with thoughts of him, wondering how it would feel to hug him, touch him... kiss him and you're envious of the women around you who do get those things. Stealing his attention, flirting and joking, when you get stuck with boring work-related conversations after the morning greetings. Never anything more.For Hermione Granger, working in the same department - correction, joint office - as her crush of four years, Draco Malfoy, is just that. Strictly business. That each time she tries being open and friendly, he just gives her the one word response in that, don't bother me, type tone. At times she wondered why she bothered? But one look in his eyes and she was a goner. She would be dragged into this orbit of him, where her mouth would act before she could, usually asking about the weather or what silly things the Daily Prophet is printing just so she could hear his voice.Pathetic, isn't it?There isn't a second that goes by that Hermione wishes the emotion away. This feeling of helplessness. Wanting to just move on from him, and start to like someone else. But every time she came up empty. No one could make her feel the way Draco does. There was no pull in her heart. No... draw or sense of need of their presence. They were all just... acquaintances to her. Each were successful and professional, but neither made her swoon.It's also why, she usually avoids evenings like this, where she's forced to watch him mingle with other witches of the place, while she stands with her best-friend since the days of Hogwarts, and the only person who is aware of her... situation, Fay Dunbar. Having no desire to do anything but... wait for the night to end.Heck, it is because of Fay is why she's even attending the stupid party. Usually the two girls would hang out together come any holiday season, having popcorn and watch a movie because the Ministry's parties are usually so drab. Yet now with Fay here with a date, she decided to bring Hermione along instead of letting her spend the evening by herself. It angered Hermione that Fay would put her in such a position. Did Fay not care about her feelings at all?Hermione wasn't ignorant. She knew Draco flirted with the girls of the office, more specifically, blondes. But it is another thing for her to actually witness the actions. To see him do things she so desperately wanted him to show her. Treating her like an actual person rather than someone he works with.'But it's a step up than from nothing,' she thought, going back to a time when he was young and despised her kind. It been because of his father actually, when one day he had pointed out that he was below a girl with no Magical family in grades. His taunting was more directed toward Ron and Harry for reasons, she found rather silly. Ron had sniggered at Draco when he introduced himself to Harry, wanting his friendship, so of course he lashed out. He insulted Ron, which in turn made Harry defend him, and so the war between the two boys began.However, once he realized she was of the Muggle-born class, Draco never failed to snipe at her too.Yes Draco been a very angry boy growing up. Always trying to please his father, if only to get reminded he was an academic failure every other day. Those were bad times for the young witch indeed, but one day, she just had enough of his torment and lashed out at his lack of commitment to try. Rambling on how much Muggle-borns were people too, who have a brain, feelings and a heart-beat. Calling him pathetic and despicable for blaming a person of something they can't control. How she did not choose her parents. That they are the reason she is alive.It went on for years... until he became Head Boy, where she was Head Girl, so they spent more time together than usual. Yes they still had their fights, over silly things and pointless things, but over time, she stopped reacting and in time, Draco's taunts stopped as well. Instead, he ignored her, and only dealt with her because the Professors threatened to remove his title if he didn't associate with her. Although slighted, she actually developed feelings toward him. At times, he exposed a different side to him, she otherwise wouldn't have known it existed. A pleasant side. A human side. And it broke her heart when he loathed himself for it.It been quite the battle, to say the least. He had insulted her and hurt her feelings, but overtime she came to forgive him. As her mother often taught her that it would never do anyone any good if you don't be the bigger person. She remembered the fight they had about that too. Even fights about having too many fights.A faint smile played on her lips. Oh if her mother could see how they got on now... working in the same Department of the Magical Law Enforcement, under Improper Use of Magic Office, and barely even friends. All those months spent in Hogwarts in the Head Dorm, gone to waste. He carried on with his life, like nothing happened. She remembered feeling very sad when they went their separate ways. Fay had told her once she got a job at the Ministry, she could find herself a new object of her affection, but she went with the opposite. Focusing more on her work in hopes to drive Draco out of her head and heart, only for that dream to come crashing down once he sauntered through those Ministry doors a few years later. Now that through her for a loop, hasn't he enough Galleons to last five generations of Malfoys? Why would he work? To this day, she has yet to know why."I don't get why you're so scared," Fay said, breaking Hermione out of her reverie. The brunette turned to her friend, watching her as she swirled her straw around her goblet. "It's just a dance. I mean you work with him day in and day out, so it's not like his proximity will affect you. Besides, didn't you dance with him back at Hogwarts for the Christmas Ball and Graduation?"Hermione closed her eyes, releasing a deep breath. Her friend was wrong. Since the two years Draco became her partner, she still gets the butterflies fluttering in her stomach when she sees him. The jumping-jacks her heart makes when he flashes her a smile or nods his head in a morning greeting. The dizziness she experiences when her nostrils engulf his scent as he stands close to her in the morning meetings. Her skin comes alive when he taps her shoulder for her attention. All of it. All the time. Never-ending.Downing a goblet of water, Hermione swallowed harshly, along with her nerves. She might as well hex herself than to endure the pointless heart-ache she'll feel when dancing with him."Forget it, Fay. I... can't."Fay rolled her eyes, "So what, you're just gonna stand here and mope all evening? Not very productive if I do say so myself," she took another sip. "It's New Years! Have fun!"As the minutes ticked by, and Fay was long done her drink, her date and ex-Gryffindor, Dean Thomas approached her."Sorry I took so long, love, you know how Seamus can get with his Quidditch.""It's fine," Fay said, kissing Dean lightly on the cheek, then she turned to Hermione. "See you later, party pooper!" before she got pulled away to the dance floor.Hermione shook her head. This was pathetic. Here she is, a young witch, at the age of twenty-five, sulking in front of the refreshments table. Watching as the man, her heart is absolutely mad for, dance with other witches stopping every now and then for a refreshment at the table stationed on the other side of the room. Too stubborn to leave. Too scared and timid to do anything about it.Draco picked up a goblet from the table and downed the water. This sucked. Everyone else around him, could enjoy the lovely taste of alcohol, feeling the rich burn as it slides down your throat, as he, being allergic to the stuff, he must live on without it. It's why he enjoyed coffee so much. He saw Granger with it one day, and being drawn in with the crisp hazelnut scent, he was gone. His taste buds would sing with each gulp, and calm his nerves when things got intense. However, the cup he was holding, held a slight cherry flavour, that seemed to linger in his mouth longer than necessary.'Since when does the Ministry carry flavoured water?'The last time he had such a thing, was for his twenty-first birthday when his mother would charm water to taste like alcohol without it actually being the substance, so he wouldn't feel so left out among his friends. Yet, this particular brew, actually held the scent. Another thing he thought it odd about the cup, it felt as though his heart grew wings. That his brain became riddled with a sense of longing. Or perhaps it had something to do with the blonde beside him?Ami Winters, from the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, of the Detection and Confiscation of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects area.Only been working at the Ministry for a year. She had the picture-perfect kind of beauty, with bright green eyes and a soft smile, gorgeous legs, and an hourglass shape, with a decent rack. Ami was sensational, and easily the perfect fit for a one night stand.'Whoa... what? Where did that thought come from?' It is the number one rule of the Ministry, to not get involved with a co-worker, or consider your contract terminated. Not to mention how complicated things would get around the office. Besides after Pansy... he just didn't have it in him. Matters didn't improve when his own Mother set him up on date after date after date, all to look for that all-important girl to sweep him off his feet. Why, he would never understand as Lucius is still alive!However, there was something... off-putting twinkling in the blonde's eyes. She was clearly drunk, and Draco needed to make his getaway before things got ugly. He admits he is a flirt, but not a bastard. Often his mates would question his... behaviour wondering if blokes were more his preference just because he didn't bang a witch every other night. No, his mother raised him to be the proper gentleman. To treat women with respect. To woo and cherish them as they deserve.'Hang on... did I just drink out of HER goblet?' he thought when he replaced the goblet back down on the counter, a mere foot away from his table companion. He recalled her holding the goblet just a few seconds prior.'Shit!' he ran a hand through his hair, if he just drank some alcohol, than he was a dead man. Quite literally!He closed his eyes and bowed his head, trying not to panic, "Ami... does your drink have any alcohol in it?" Not that he should expect a proper answer from a drunk girl."My drink?" She stuttered coyly.Draco rolled his eyes. This is why he hated dealing with drunk witches! Either they were too giggly, too talkative, too clingy usually coupled with being touchy feely, and his least favourite of the bunch, the playing dumb. Ami for instance, claimed the last position. Usually pretty smart, Draco really couldn't stand her acting like an idiot.He picked up the goblet, and waved it in her face, too annoyed to look at her, "You were holding this weren't you? Cause I drank from it, and if you were drinking alcohol, now would be the time you to tell me!""No silly, my goblet's right here!" she reached over to the side to pull another goblet, which he noted was in her right hand and breathed a sigh of relief, he shoved the goblet away."Thank Merlin," he felt instantly relieved, going back to his first assumption. It's only flavoured water. Nothing harmless."Oh lighten up, Draco!" Ami giggled, as she curled an arm around his neck, "Let's dance!"Draco groaned.Normally, he would be thrilled, but no, he learned his lesson with Susan Bones from the Wizengambot Administration Services, at the Christmas Party last week. The red-head had far too much to drink and ended up hurling all over his newly bought robes part-way through, and he really had no intentions of having a repeat. Even if Ami acted content, there is always that chance of a slip up and after things start going, her head will begin to spin, her skin will get all clammy... and then... bleck.He shuddered. Definitely didn't want a repeat of that! Heck, he almost didn't show up tonight, but his Mother had one of her special parties going on at the Manor and he couldn't stomach another bout of vultures vying for his attention, and pressing for a date. Despite his past. Obviously he's made the wrong choice, you would never catch any of those witches drinking excessively.Still, her perfume is driving his brain insane. He wanted nothing more than to bury himself into her.He jerked at that thought. 'What the fuck? That's the second time I've thought of... that.' That's it. All this mingling has left him feeling very off. He needed air. The balcony on the other side of the place would do the trick.Turning to decline her offer, his eyes instead, snapped over her shoulder, to the lone girl, on the other side of the room, standing by the other refreshment table.That weird feeling returned ten-fold. His chest inflated and his head swirled as his eyes drank her in. Her hair's pinned up in an elegant bun, but he was too far away to actually take in her facial features. The pale pink, gown she wore hugged her figure. He found it strange that someone so... radiant would be without company.His feet acted on their own accord, "Sorry," he said, waving Ami off as he made his way over to the brown-haired beauty.Confused of his actions, Ami turned her head to see what could possibly catch his eye?Anger filled her system, as she watched him glide through the dancers to get to her.'What the heck just happened?!'Hermione's eyes widened once she realized Draco caught her staring and instantly turned her back on the dance floor, and helped herself to another goblet of water.'Oh god! He saw me! He actually caught me staring!' she downed another water and wiped her mouth, before looking at the clock on the wall. 11:47pm. She's been here for a little over four hours. Four hours of which she danced with five different wizards. One of them being the famous Harry Potter! She had went to school with Harry, he been in Gryffindor, but... much like what happened with Draco, Ron showed his nasty side and insulted her. She did not want a friend like that! Besides, she never got on with boys in Muggle school, and been grateful for Fay when she found her in the loo that Halloween night.So it's not like her night had been entirely lame. It's only fitting that she leaves now, and if she hurried, than Draco won't approach her about staring at him!So with a deceive nod, Hermione went to leave, only to get stopped by a hand on her lower back. Her heart jumped to her throat. She didn't even have to turn around, she could recognize that woodsy cologne anywhere.Straightening her posture, Hermione turned around to greet her companion, only to get lost in his gorgeous eyes, as she always did when he looked at her. Always having that ability of stopping her heart, stealing all the air from her lungs, haunting her dreams, and trapping her soul all in a simple glance. Mesmerizing. Sending a satisfying rush of thrill and excitement to all parts of her body, leaving her both breathless and dizzy.Hermione tried to calm her heart from beating so fast, "Hi..."He beamed at her, Hermione felt herself becoming weak in the knees. He really did have a gorgeous smile. With nice straight white teeth."You seem lonely Granger..."Her eyes saw his hand stick out."Shall we dance?" He said, asking her the one question she never expected. But knew it was better than him asking her why she was staring at him.She didn't trust herself enough to speak, and simply nodded her head. He reached over and took a hold of her hand, then lightly pulled her forward to the dance floor. Spending no time in placing her hand on his shoulder and his on her hips, while clasping the other. The butterflies returned full force.She could feel all the eyes of every girl in the room on her back, but she didn't care. She was finally in the arms of the man she's wanted for quite some time. Enduring what many others before her got to do.The classical song they were dancing to, reminded her of Graduation in their Final Year of Hogwarts. Her heart fluttered from the brief mention of the night he first laid eyes on her like she was a person and not the brain with dirty blood.Closing her eyes for a second, Hermione allowed herself to fall back seven years ago, during the Christmas Ball..She couldn't believe it. She really couldn't believe it. Draco Malfoy was staring at her! Really, and truly, complete with wide eyes and a slack jaw.She licked her lips nervously as her heart rammed against her throat. Her feet felt like cement with each step and her knees wobbled like they could no longer support her weight as McGonagall held onto Draco's arm tightly. Her body shook with nerves when he gave her the tiniest of all once overs with his bright grey eyes. An appreciative glance, leaving her feeling rather flushed. "It is customary to have the Head Boy and Girl share the first dance." The aged Professor said, glaring at the boy in her grasp.But Hermione didn't want to move. No, she wanted to savour this moment forever, if only to prove to him that even Mudbloods can look pretty. She nervously gnawed on her lip as she watched Draco's eyes widen when realizing who she was, waiting for him to toss her his cool remark.He couldn't look away from her and she relished in being ogled by the boy who bullied her. The blood rushed in her veins, soaring straight to her head as she met his gaze. Her mouth went dry with panic when he took a cautious step forward. Draco just looked so captivated by her, she could feel her heart taking a giant leap to the heavens. Yet, it made the pain of his ugly behaviour toward her all the more painful. "GRANGER?" Screeched Pansy, pulling on Draco's other arm, "You... you're... WHAT?!""Miss Parkinson, if you would be so kind and restrain yourself, kindly wait with the other students. These two must start us off." "This is horseshit I am not - ""Oi Pansy, it is just a dance, not marriage!" said another boy who often joined in Draco's taunts, Theodore Nott. Then he caught sight of Hermione. Sharing that same, awestruck, look. "D-Did you just say Head Girl Professor?""Please escort Miss Parkinson to her seat, Mister Nott. Our Head Girl and Boy need to go."Draco gulped, and Hermione felt her heart soar once more. "Today Mister Malfoy!"She watched in slow-motion, as Draco extended his hand, "Well?"Professor McGonagall huffed, "Now really..."Draco rolled his eyes, and withdrew his hand. Hermione found herself holding back a giggle when she noted the light pink blush on his cheeks, "Grang - "McGonagall knocked him in the shoulder once more, "Bloody hell woman!" He hissed, straightening his robes."Now really Mister Malfoy, this isn't a hard thing to do! I need you to ask Miss Granger nicely.""It is when you're breathing down my neck like a fucking - ""And do curve your language in my presence!"Draco sighed, "Look, you've done your job, so go leave already!"McGonagall just glared, without moving an inch."Sod it all..." Draco mumbled. He straightened his posture, flashed Hermione a smile - uncomfortable at best - and offered her his hand again."Hermione, would you like to dance?"Her heart fluttered as she slipped her hand in his, "Yes, of course."."Granger?" he called, breaking her out of her reverie. "You with me?"She returned her gaze and him, blushing realizing she had completely zoned out."Um, no sorry, what did you say?"He flashed her a grin, the very one that always did something to her heart. "I said, interesting choice in colour of dress, I never depicted you as a pink wearing kind of girl, but the style, is very you. However, now I'm curious to what or who has your attention!"Hermione blinked. He rarely commented on her attire, very rarely. In fact, the only thing he ever did comment on, been her hair. Before she found a way to tame her curls of course.She cast her eyes down, admiring her floor-length, one shouldered, pale pink gown. It's not a very fancy dress, more on the plain side, with a small line of beads along the hem, but it did hug her curves. She noted her wide hips, which wasn't his taste, but she couldn't ignore the hope in her heart when she heard him say, "the style is very you," like he's known her all her life. That he thinks about her.Perhaps Draco knows more about her than she thought?She shook her head, not wanting to get too far ahead of herself with such thoughts. "It's nothing. Just a little tired, is all.""Tired? So what, not gonna snag yourself a bloke to snog at midnight?"Hermione scoffed and bowed her head, no longer brave to keep eye contact with him. Now he was commenting on her kissing other guys? She really didn't get it. She didn't like how unsure she felt of handling the situation either. Besides, he's the only one she wanted as her first kiss, but she knew that'll never happen. She didn't have the proper blood... hair... look...'Whatever happened to avoiding me?'"Um, I'm going home after this dance actually," her voice was soft, as it always did when she felt embarrassed. She convinced herself right at that moment, leaving is her best option. To go home and have a nice little pout of having such a stupid dream, before crawling into her sleep. At least there's the dance to relive over and over again."You are?" He stopped dancing, looking at her with disbelief. "What?"Hermione shrugged, before chancing a glance at him. She felt the pull in her heart when she noticed she had his full attention. Another thing, that very rarely happened."Yeah I... I have some stuff I need to catch up on so..." she offered him a small smile, "Yeah, I'll be leaving shortly." It surprised her how she didn't stutter at all."What stuff? Our reports have finished weeks ago, Granger.""Oh it's not work related. I uh, actually want to finish this book I'm reading." Even to Hermione, she knew that was a lame answer. 'Blame it on the proximity!'Draco looked like he didn't believe her, "You want to finish a book you're reading...? Now that's a lie if I ever heard one! It's okay, I get it you're just shy."Her stomach somersaulted at his teasing tone about her telling lies. But damn her curious mind, as the question passed her lips before she could relish in the pleasant feeling any longer, "Shy about what?" She watched his lips twitch, and subconsciously licked her lips."You don't think anyone would snog you, so you figure going home would save you the humiliation, no?"Blush rose to her cheeks, if only he drank alcohol, then he could at least have reason to act this way toward her! This... flirtatious behaviour.'Maybe I'm drunk!' she mused at the idea of getting pissed from goblets of water. Then she relished in the small sweep of his hand shooting up her back. A pleasant jolt skimmed down her spine and to her toes as he resumed their dancing. A fair amount of girls were looking in her direction and whispering among themselves."Just ignore them," he said.Again. He threw her for a loop, once again."What?" She said, her eyes searching his.Draco flashed her a bright smile before he leant in toward her ear. Hermione had to chew on her lip to prevent herself from gasping. He's never been this close before. Her eyes became glued to his neck, and her nose caught a hint of how powerful his cologne really is.She felt his breath tickle the shell of her ear, which physically made her body shake. His hand gripped tighter around her waist. The warmth coming from his body enveloping hers.'Oh God, I think I'm gonna faint!'"They're just jealous, because it's you I'll kiss at midnight and not them," he whispered before pulling back properly.Having the word 'jealous' associated with her, made Hermione cringe. She knew how ruthless these girls in the office are. Like a bunch of teenagers. Each effectively ruining the other's chance of being apart of his life, even going as low as using potions and spells to make themselves the prettiest of the lot. No, Hermione didn't want any apart of that. But wait, didn't he say...?Hermione's eyes shot wide, before they dropped to his lips. 'He... he wants to kiss me?' Taking a few seconds to recoup, and trying her best to remain stoic. 'Definitely gonna faint now!'Just then she caught movement out of the corner of her eye and saw the lovely and gorgeous Katie Bell, not so discretely bump into them."Oh pardon me," she tossed a giggle, "I tend to get quite clumsy!"And just like that, her moment with him is gone. Draco had placed a hand on Katie's shoulder to make sure she was all right, and seemingly not bothered by the interruption. 'Just like it's always been...' she thought sadly. She turned on her heel before she shyly, ducked her head and left to join her friend at the refreshments table where she happened to stumble across Fay and Dean.Fay looking like she ate something sour, "What a killjoy," she said downing her goblet. "Couldn't wait until the end of the song, to make her move, could she?"Hermione sucked in a deep breath, and swept the tendril of hair behind her ear, as her dream of being kissed by him, went up in smoke. 'He'll kiss Katie now. She's much prettier...'Pushing away the dark thought she cleared away the tickle in her throat, "Yes well... that's how it always is...""Actually," Dean began, tapping his finger on his chin, "Seems like Malfoy's wondering where you went Hermione, but it's obvious Katie won't have it. Reckon I should help him out and stick my hand out for him to see where you are?"Hermione didn't have the guts to glance over. It did, only increase her belief that something was off about him. So she just helped herself to some water, and gave the wall clock another glance. 11:51pm. She was with Draco for a little over four minutes, and yet it felt so much longer..."No don't, I think it's time I call it a night anyway... I have an early day tomorrow."Fay scoffed, "Hermione please we don't even work tomorrow! Stop being so bloody shy and stay. Who knows? Perhaps Malfoy will escape her claws and reclaim you?"Hermione rolled her eyes, "Oh cut it out, will you? It..." she cast Dean a sideways glance and then nodded, "It was just a dance, and now it's over and done with... it's time to go home." Setting down her goblet, Hermione bid her good night's to Fay and Dean and then left without a glance. Completely unaware of a set of grey eyes following her every move.Finally, he found her, or what was left of her. Her pale pink dress billowed along behind upon her speedy exit. This unexplainable pull overrode his senses, encasing a heavy weight within his chest as this need to have her grew, that staying here felt so out of place to him."I need to go," he said, effectively stopping Katie in her speech about how flexible she is."Uh... what?""She's left."Katie took a step backward this time, not that happy Draco wasn't paying attention to her, "Who left?"He licked his lips, savouring that delicious cherry flavour that still lingered. This wasn't right! He couldn't let her leave without him! Without... a kiss.He didn't bother to answer Katie and just took off.Meanwhile... Ami noted that Draco practically flew out the door after Hermione. Huffing a breath, she raked a hand through her hair. So much for her using the aphrodisiac she brewed specifically for this evening!Turning herself around, Ami goes to retrieve the goblet containing the desire potion, if only to stop herself once she realized the goblet in question was actually empty!"What the...?"She skimmed through the goblets, hoping she got the placement wrong... but it was the strong cherry scent that drew her in. Cherry mixed with Incense and honey..."Oh no." She paled, shaking her head, "Don't you tell me! Don't TELL ME!""What's wrong?" said the soft voice of her friend, and partner in crime of bedding the handsome Malfoy, Marietta Edgecombe."He drank it!" Ami cried, her face completely white. "Draco actually drank the aphrodisiac!"Marietta's strawberry blonde curls bobbed as she tilted her head, "Yet he went home with Hermione?"Ami cupped her face in her hands, "Oh bugger! How could this happen? I was watching him the entire time! The goblet... I... I set... I set the goblet down and... tried to look for you to tell you it's on, and then he was drinking, but I... thought nothing of it. Really, there's all these water's to choose from!"Yet something nipped at her brain. Something about him being completely worried of drinking her goblet."My goblet..." she whispered, more to herself than to her friend. She racked her brain over the conversation she had with him, noting his immediate panic of having drunk any alcohol. Her green eyes widened, knowing he never looked at her."Oh Merlin!" She suddenly exclaimed. "He was already feeling the effects!"Marietta sighed, "Look, it's gonna be okay, right? I mean the effect wasn't supposed to last that long right? And luckily they spent some time dancing, so if we're lucky, they'll just kiss a few times."Marietta reached over and patted Ami's back. "It'll be okay. Don't worry. There's always another chance!"Ami scoffed, "No you don't understand! If he kisses her... he's not gonna want to stop! It's why I brewed it in the first place! The aphrodisiac acts on desire, Mari, the desire to kiss. And a kiss is just the little push one needs before... before they...""Shag?" Marietta supplied, swallowing down her own bile at the image of the less than average looking witch with the handsome Malfoy. "And there's nothing we can do to stop it?""No... no we can't stop it, because they've already left!" Ami admitted with a frown. "He kisses her, it's over. He'll end up sleeping with her!"However, little did they know, someone had overheard their entire conversation.Hermione tried not to let the tears fall as she neared the Apparition Point. Fireworks shot into the air, signalling to her that the end of the year has come. But she didn't care. No, all she wanted to do, was go home, crawl into her nice warm bed and sleep forever. Have Crookshanks to keep her warm and everything.Sniffing lightly, Hermione closed her eyes, trying not to envision any other girl kissing Draco at this point in time, and opened her mouth to speak her destination only to feel a hand enclose on her arm.Hermione squealed loudly as panic surged through her veins. Each and every limb of hers tightening with the fear. Ready to attack, only to stop when the person spoke."Shh," cooed Draco. "It's all right, it's just me." The hairs on the back of her neck stood on end as she felt him stand close to her body."What the hell is wrong with you?!" She snapped, not bothering to face him. She tried to wiggle her limb from his grasp, but he wouldn't light up his hold. "You make a point of grabbing girls on their way home from work?" Her heart was about to explode from pounding so hard, "Do you have any idea how much that scared me?!""I tried calling for you, but you didn't hear me... so I had no other option."He was calling for her? Why couldn't she hear him? Her ears are always on high alert to Draco's voice.'Too much on the mind!' she reasoned, bowing her head slightly. How could she be so careless?"You still shouldn't grab me like that." Hermione huffed, trying her best to take calming breaths to soothe her rapid heart. "It gave me such a fright!"She stiffened, as his hand brushed against her skin, and released a shaky breath as he pulled her chin so she could face him properly."Well you shouldn't walk all by your lonesome anyway, especially with how dark and deserted it is," he used light swipes of his thumb in an attempt to calm her, "You have no idea what sort of loons lie in waiting for some... young prey."She shuddered at his words and again as he continued stroking his thumb against her cheek. Her nose engulfed his cologne when he snaked an arm around her waist, holding her close. Her blood surged through her veins, as she watched him shift his hand up to play with the buttons of the collar of her coat."Besides," He continued with a lopsided grin, "You owe me a kiss."Her eyes dropped to his lips at the prospect of kissing him, if only for a second before she shied away. Watching as the faint snow fell around them, the odd burst of fireworks spreading across the dark sky. It's like being in a movie. Surreal and yet, romantic. Too long she imagined this moment. Wondering what the look in his eyes would be like, what he would say, what time of the year it would be... how his lips would feel against hers.Her heart was pounding, without a doubt, but... but something still didn't feel right. He looked completely captivated by her on a whole different level than she thought natural. Has someone Confunded him when they were dancing? Did Katie have an accomplice?'UGH! Why did I come here tonight? Everything would've been better if I just stayed home!' Her confused and hopeful heart wouldn't feel so... weighted either."What's wrong? You're making it sound like it's a bad thing." He said, his voice portraying his hurt, "It's just a kiss."But she lost the use of voice. She just stood there, staring at him, trying so hard to wrap her mind on the facts and the situation before her."You." She said after that moment of silence. "You're acting so strange!""And you are blushing. Tell me, Granger, why don't you want to kiss me? Afraid you might like it?"The air rushed out of her lungs. How... how could he ask her of that? Of course she wanted to kiss him. She's dreamt of it for years. And as far as liking it? If it's anything her dreams portrayed, she'll love it. It's the awkward, what will tomorrow bring, is what she's fearing.He brushed a finger along her jaw line, and Hermione shuddered from the sensation, gripping a hold on to his arms to support herself properly. It felt so light and heavenly she's certain her heart skipped a beat."Actually," she whispered, her tongue brushing against her lower lip, "It's more of the fact... we work together." Again, she felt like kicking herself for the obvious lie.Her eyes fluttered once his hand slipped into her hair inching its way to the back of her skull, to cradle her head properly, "We work with everyone, Hermione."And then before she could react, he closed the distance between them, pressing his lips against hers firmly.Sighing into his mouth, her grip upon his arms tightened as she stumbled a bit. Finally after all these years, she got her wish, and it felt bloody amazing! She consumed him with no restraint, guiding her hands up, over his shoulders, across his neck - relishing in his shiver - and into his hair. It is just as soft as it looked.His hold around her waist tightened, sending a fresh wave of sensations down her spine and straight to her heart. His chest feels so warm and strong against hers, and his fingers massaging her skull, sending heavenly jolts to each of her limbs. Her blood singing through her increasingly overheating skin, that Hermione found herself becoming quite light-headed.More. Is all she could think of at the moment, pushing harder, to feel more of him. Rippling muscles of his chest, a rapid heart-beat, burning hot skin, soft lips dancing against hers. His groan of relief tickles over her tongue, enticing a small moan from deep within her. Startled, Hermione released his hair and pushed him back.Panting and dizzy, Hermione found herself looking at the snow-covered ground once more. Her assaulted lips were warm and prickling. The brisk air, licking against her newly sensitive skin."I need to go," she said her voice high-pitched. "It's late and... yes. I should go."Yet she makes no effort in leaving. Her feet have planted themselves in the ground, holding her steady as his gorgeous eyes roamed over her. Her heart is now pounding away in her throat and before she could even blink, they were kissing again. Her body returning to the heavens, soaring through the air like a roller-coaster, filled with endless twisting and turning. Numbing her brain and nerve-endings, she had no idea which way was up anymore.After long minutes passed, she started to feel the tell-tale throb in her jaw. The tiny cry of protest to stop. Tugging on little tuffs of his hair, Hermione continued to gorge on his taste. It was getting harder for her to breathe, to think.When he pulled back to stare into her eyes, Hermione felt herself melting into the show. Too consumed with this... need for with him. She couldn't bear the thought of leaving his arms now."I don't want to stop," she said, her head whirling."We must," he said, licking his lips. Hermione followed the movement and quivered. Her tongue longed to resume its position inside his mouth. "We're in the middle of the street!"'Right!' Hermione chewed on her lip, uttering the words that only been in her dreams, "Then take me home."She felt him take a hold of her hand, and then with a pop! they were gone.E/N: The aphrodisiac has affected both parties. It's like being drunk, but with emotions. (hey if soap operas can have an aphrodisiac... ) As such, Hermione's completely consumed with the idea of being with Draco, so the potion played on that.I am already half-way reworking chapter two... so don't expect too long of a wait ;)
