"I never loved you"He flinches- caught off guard."What?" He asks."I don't love you, Ron. I never did." He is looking at me with shock now, uncomprehending."I'm leaving you now, Ron. I can't stay here with you any longer." My voice drops to cover the tears threatening to spill over my self-control.He is trembling now- one part rage, one part sadness, and one part overwhelming emotion that is to confused now to sort through.I want to say I'm sorry. I want to let the tears come out and show him I don't mean it. But I can't. It's for his own good. His own safety."Hermione, I don't understand," he says, looking up at me with wet eyes that don't understand what has led to this. "Why are you saying this? We love each other. We are ment to be together. Forever" His voice cracks for a moment before dropping to a whisper. "We promised each other forever."Oh Ronald, I am so sorry. I don't want to hurt you anymore. I can't have you coming after me though. I can't have you die."It was all a lie. I don't love you. I never loved you. I never will. I just can't lie to myself anymore." I pick up my bag and turn around, stopping in the doorway. "I can't be your forever Ron." Taking one more breath of courage, two tears escaping- strolling down my cheek until they part before reaching my jaw line, I say in what I hope is a strong voice "I never was."Then I walk to the edge of the wards, not looking back as I hear him call out after me. If I look back I know I will not have the strength to leave. Once I cross them, I hear one last desperate call for me before I apparate away."You're late." The voice is hard, harsh."I know. I'm sorry," I apologize, looking down at his shoes. He turns around and inters the mansion and I follow along silently."Blinky will take your things to your room," he states as a small pop announces the house elf. I stay quiet as she collects my small suitcase and leaves with the same sound she appeared with.He smiles for the first time since my arrival, lips spread wide and teeth shown predatorily. He looked more wolf than man in that moment. "I always wanted my very own Mudblood."Later that night, my naked form pressed against his, I try to distance myself from what is happening. I try to think of better times and remind myself that this is to keep everyone safe. They are in danger from him without this agreement (though my mind reminds me it is more of a dictation). But instead, I cannot remember the wonderful smile Ron used to share with me. Instead all I could think of was his broken face when I lied to him. "I never loved you." And I cried because eventually he'll believe it.
