Chapter 1:Thirty Years before Harry Potter's BirthIt was raining heavily outside the old Riddle Mansion. 'It was to be the storm of the year.' The papers had said. Old Tom Riddle had this nagging feeling in the back of his head. Just this real intense feeling that something bad was going to happen soon. Inside the house, it was mighty quiet. Somewhere upstairs, his wife Melanie was lying down their daughter for a nap. But he had great doubts she would sleep tonight. Not with all the booming thunder going on."Tom?" His mother said in the doorway. "There's someone here for you dear. He says it's really important that he talks to you."After his father's emotionless dead body fell, Tom Riddle smirked. Just as he was about to leave, he heard a shuffling upstairs. Straining his ears a bit, he could make out two voices. A woman's voice and a child's."Momma? Why can't I watch TV?" Judging by the sound of her voice, she couldn't have been more than two years old. Tom descended up the stairs quietly. "Because baby, it's bed time. Your dad should be in here any minute." Tom froze in his steps. Dad The only people in this house that were capable of conceiving were His father. No! Tom thought as he furiously shook his head. His Father wouldn't have another kid...He was just outside the door now. It was cracked open so he peered in. What he saw shocked him to say the least. He was shocked at how similar this girl and he were. His hands shot out and unconsciously padded his soft brown hair. The exact same color as hers. They had the same dark chocolate brown eyes. He was taken aback at how much of his father he saw in her too. The only thing that they didn't have was the same skin color. She was edging towards a light tan, whereas he was just regular pale. When he creaked open the door a tiny bit more, he could see the mother. She wasn't anything special, but she wasn't ugly. He could see where the little girl got her curly hair. But Tom was really shocked when the girl said, "Momma? Momma who's Tom Riddle?" The woman looked Taken aback."Tom Riddle is your Father's name. You know that." But somehow, Tom didn't need to read her mind to know that she wasn't talking about the dead man downstairs. "No Mamma! Not Daddy! The Man behind my door!" Tom blinked and decided that now was the time to make his appearance. So he threw open the door and walked inside. Ignoring the panicking woman, he rounded on the child."Who are you?" He demanded, but she only giggled. Within her burst of giggles, she managed to tell him her name. "Juliunna Marvolo Riddle." Who are you?" She managed to say with a straight face. Tom puffed out his chest and fought to keep himself from laughing also. "I'm Lord Voldemort. Formally known as Tom Marvolo Riddle. But you can just call me Tom." There was a flicker of disbelief in the woman's face, but as fast as it appeared, it was gone. But Tom Riddle didn't miss it."Where is my husband?" Her voice shook, this woman could feel great evil radiating off the man, and she didn't want him anywhere near her daughter. Tom ignored the "muggle", and watched the little girl carefully. "Juliunna. The Tom Riddle downstairs, he's my dad. And if that's your dad, then that makes us siblings." Melanie's head was spinning. Her husband has had another child? It was so overwhelming. "You're a very powerful witch, I can sense it. You're just like me." Melanie watched as he drew closer to the brave little girl. The hair on the back of Melanie's neck stood up as he pointed a stick at her and whispered quietly."Don't worry; your daughter is in safe hands." It wasn't made to be reassuring, because the words in his mouth were a threat."Avada Kadavra." He said, and then everything went dark.Juliunna PovMy new older brother smiled at me when my mother fell, and I suddenly didn't know what to feel. She was only sleeping right? But no I knew it wasn't true. People don't sleep with there eyes wide open, staring blank at nothing. I stayed silent, studying my mother. Dead. She wasn't going to wake up, and she wouldn't be there to save me. What if he tried to kill me too?"I'm sorry, but it had to be done." He said, and held out his arm to me. I don't know what willed me to do it, but I took his hand. There was a twist in my navel and then I felt like I was being pulled through a skinny tube. It was uncomfortable, but I didn't mind it much. But I did close my eyes.When the sensation stopped, I opened my eyes, and gasped. We were at a Manor, and it had a huge 'M' on the gate. "Why are we here Tom?" I asked. He surprisingly smiled. I think that he really liked me. "We have to meet a group of my followers, at Malfoy manor." Tom said, and walked me along the road."Okay then, do you want to explain to me what happened back there?" I asked, and he nodded. "Just give me a while okay? Later on tonight. Right now, I want you to meet my friends." He said weirdly. I nodded, not knowing what to say. When we reached the door, he knocked loudly. "Abraxius let me in." He announced, I noticed instantly that his voice hardened. He obviously talked to the adults differently then he talked to me.The door swung open, and a white haired man about Tom's age opened the door. "Yes my Lord." He said, and stepped back to allow us to enter.Abraxius looked at me, but he didn't say anything. "My Lord, were you successful?" He worded carefully once the door was closed, trying not to let me understand, but I did."Yes. In fact I received an extra pleasure. This" Tom said, and turned to me. "Is my sister. Juliunna Marvolo Riddle." Abraxius looked at me surprised, but finally nodded. "She does look plentiful like you my lord." He finally smiled, but I didn't. I didn't really trust him."And where is everyone?" Tom said, and I loosened my hold on him. This was a very nice house! Even nicer then my home, Riddle Manor. And that's saying something!"In the dining room My Lord. Awaiting your return." Abraxius said, and I noticed that he bowed. Was Tom some kind of King or something?He led us and Tom pass a beautiful staircase filled with jewels and ancient looking artifacts. "Tom? Are you magic?" I asked, setting my eyes on the moving pictures on the wall."Yes." Was all he said."Tom, are you a king?""To some degrees." He said, and I didn't question him further, for at that moment, Abraxius opened a pair of double doors. There was indeed, many people in there. Once the doors opened and they all spotted Tom, they jumped up."My Lord were you successful-!""My Lord we were so anxious-!""My Lord, who is this child?" A blond haired girl stood up, and studied me intently. Upon her words, everyone in the room turned to stare at me. I tried my best to hide behind Tom's robes. A black haired girl stood up and stared at me with a malicious glint in her eyes."Can we torture her?" She smirked, and I hid deeper into Tom's robes. He looked down at me, and I gasped. He looked as if he was considering it!"Oh don't look so scared Juliunna! I was just joking. No Octavia, you may not torture my sister." More gasps came out, but this time it wasn't from me."A sister?""She's precious!""I thought that you were an only child?""Isn't your mother dead?""Silence!" Tom's voice bellowed, making me jump. "Sit down, and I shall tell you all the story of how I found this little one." He gestured to me, and they all hurried to sit at the table. Tom pushed a small but comfortable looking chair out for me, and I sat down wearily. Everyone else was looking at me like I was an alien."Upon arrival, it would appear that my father had conceived another child. After he fell, I could hear voices upstairs, so I followed them. I found the girl and her mother. I struck the woman dead."Laughs and praise rang out, and I chose to ignore them."Anyway, it seemed that the girl must be very skilled in occumalacy, because not only could I not get into her mind, she could get into mine. Without me even knowing. In fact, she had turned to her mother and said, 'Momma, who's Tom Riddle?' It was pretty funny." Everyone looked at me as if this was a very bad thing, but I didn't really care."So I stopped to ask her name. Apparently my old man was feeling sentimental, because he gave her the middle name Marvolo. Juliunna Marvolo Riddle is her name. So now I got this in my head, she could be very useful. Can't you feel the power radiating off of her?" Tom asked while looking fondly at me. They all nodded in agreement."Now first things first, she must be kept a secret from the wizarding world. No one apart from everyone in this room can know about her. Don't say anything about her to your families or even your friends." He warned fiercely, and I felt afraid. Apparently I was right to, because the look on his face made everyone flinch."Yes my Lord." I found myself saying, if only for the curiosity of what would happen. He looked down, and I wondered vaguely if he would strike me."Juliunna, you don't have to call me Lord. Just call me-!""Tom?" I smiled, but it drooped when he glared. "No. Not Tom. Call me Voldemort." He smirked, and even I knew that everyone else was scared."Okay Tony Torts." I said, but raised an eyebrow at the shocked looks on everybody's faces. They all looked at me nervously, and I got the feeling that they wanted to shield their eyes."What did you call me?" He said threatenly, and I would have been afraid for my life if I didn't see the smile dancing on the edges of his lips."I called you Tony Torts!" I giggled in the same tone that I used to talk to Father with. He snorted, but didn't say anything else."Anyway, we shall need a wand for her. So someone needs to take her to Ollivanders to get one. Obviously I can't, so are there any volunteers?" He asked, and a chill ran through the large room."I, My Lord, am taking Brutus to get his wand next week. He's starting at Hogwarts. I would be more then happy to bring Juliunna." A blond woman stood up."Ah Margaret, helpful as always. Now that that's settled-!" He turned to me. "I will train her further in her learning's. I think that she should go to Hogwarts, but not as J.M.R." He hummed, and I suddenly felt confused. What does he mean by J.M.R? Oh wait, Juliunna Marvolo Riddle. Obviously."We won't have to worry about that for seven more years. So that's okay." He hummed, and I smiled.Her First time on The Hogwarts TrainThe Hogwarts train bellowed loudly in Kings Cross Station. A pretty, tiny little girl was swaying on the toes of her shoes and humming a happy little tune. If you were to guess her age, you would've thought that she would be at least five years old, but she was really eleven. As the spare Hogwarts students around her walked onto the train, she pouted her pink, glossy lips and stared at the train closely, as if trying to burn a hole in the side. She was wearing a tight, pink ballerina costume, with a wide and fluffy tutu.One of the many costumes her older brother had bought her. In her hair was a carnation, plastic and covered in gold sparkles. She was very abnormally short for her age, and that's why many people confuse her for a five year old. Her hair, brown and tightly brushed by one of the House Elves at her home, glinted fairly in the sunlight. Hearing footsteps nearby her, she turned around curiously, but her mouth widened into a large smile."Lookiss! I waited here, just like you said!" She sounded out exactly like a toddler would, unabashed. He, holding two pretzels and two Pepsi's, handed her one of each."Good girl." He smirked, and then turned over his shoulder at a boy. She smiled shly at the boy standing behind Lucius, and he gestured in between them."Severus, meet Julie. Julie, meet Severus." Lucius said, and Julie locked eyes with Severus, who smiled silkily at her. She reached out shyly, and shaked Severus's hand."Is he going to sit on the train with meet Lookiss?" She asked, and Lucius nodded, smiling."Severus is going to do more then that. He's going to be your new best friend." Lucius said, and Severus stepped forward, placing a hand on her shoulder."Yep, that's right. Sure you know, I may be seventeen and you may be eleven, and we may not have any classes at all, but your older brother seems to think it wise of me to be attached to your hip. For your own protection of course." Severus said with a sarcastic smile. Juliunna smirked."That's right. Wait I don't know anybody!" Juliunna said, and jumped on her heels."Its okay. I'll introduce to you to some kids your age. You'll make your own friends and you'll have fun. Now come on, the trains leaving soon." Severus said, shaking his head with a shrug."Okay. Bye Lookiss!" Juliunna said, and hug Lucius around his waist."Bye Jules. See ya Sev. Oh, and make sure you watch her closely, she's always sneaking off when she thinks no ones watching!" Lucius yelled as Severus pulled Juliunna onto the train. Severus looked back to Lucius and nodded, and Juliunna threw herself into the hallway, running down the carpeted room.Lucius noticed her flying past the open windows of the train, and he rolled his eyes. "Severus-!""I got her!" Severus called back, and took off after her. The crowded train was harder for him to maunever through then Juliunna, who was small and more fit. She weaved and ran through the crowd effortlessly, and laughed in excitement."Juliunna!" Severus yelled, and she turned around and stopped for a moment, watching him walk closer near the back of the crowd."Okay, Okay! I'm sitting!" She yelled, and walked into the compartment next to her. Five people, four girls and one boy were sitting there."Awww." One of them, a red headed girl said, leaning forward. Juliunna shut the door and sat down next to her,"Are you a first year, because your so tiny and cute!" She squealed, pinching Juliunna's cheeks."Owwie! Yep, I'm a first year." She said, and the boys crowded around her."What's your name then, ickle firstie?" A black haired boy smirked, leaning forward."Name listing go! Juliunna!" She said, and the others smirked."Lily!""James!""Peter!""Remus!""Sirius!""Severus. Now lets go Jules." Severus said, and Juliunna looked to the door where Severus was leaning on, frowning."Sniviless! Join the party!" James said, leaning forward."Hardy Har Har." Severus said with an annoyed eye roll, and Juliunna stood up, and spun around to Severus's side."Sev- Severus, you know this girl?" Lily asked, tilting her head to the side."Yes. But I don't think its any of your business anymore, is it Evens?" Severus said, and Lilys face fell, as Severus grabbed Juliunna's wrist and dragged her out. To Juliunna's surprise, she saw the boys jump up as she glanced in the door again, as if they were going to follow them."In here." Juliunna said, and pulled Severus into the next compartment available, where they both sat in the corner."Severus, do you like those boys?""No. And they can all drop dead for all I care." He said, pulling a potions book up to his nose and reading.Oh, well I guess that's blunt." Juliunna giggled, and snuggled into Severus as the train started pulling away."Your funny Severus." She giggled, batting her eyelashes at him, and he froze. He turned to stare at her, and she blushed."I'm taken.""What?! By who?""By myself.""That's not nice." She grumbled, and turned around to stare at the window."I'm too old for you anyway." He rolled his eyes playfully, and she shrugged."Not by too much. Will you read me that book?" She asked, batting her glittering eyelashes."Are you sure," Severus said, turning to her with surprise. "It'll probably be pretty boring to you. Its not a story kind of story. There aren't any princesses or dragons, or faires-!""I know Severus. Its got economic facts and worldwide theories and stuff. Sometimes I like to be serious." She smiled."Hmm, well in that case, sure."
