Disclaimer: Nothing is owned by me. Like, literally nothing. I'm not even sure if I own myself anymore.Summary: Canon-compliant. In early 2006, Gawain Robards, the head of the Auror Department, and his premier Auror Team bring in a strange artifact from Norway after a tense investigation; a year later, Robards lays dead at the hands of Harry Potter and Ron Weasley in Berlin, the two heroes last war forever changed. The true story behind Harry Potter's promotion to Auror Chief in 2007.Babylon Unbound"The most terrifying fact about the universe is not that it is hostile but that it is indifferent; but if we can come to terms with this indifference and accept the challenges of life within the boundaries of death-however mutable man may be able to make them-our existence as a species can have genuine meaning and fulfillment. However vast the darkness, we must supply our own light."- Stanley Kubrick; Playboy Interview, 1968Case 7WTC962: lfheimrResponding Aurors: Potter, Harry J.; Weasley, Ronald B.; *REDACTED*; Bones, Susan A.Date Opened: 31-12-2005Date Closed: 09-11-2006Briefing: The Wasted YearsNew Year's Eve, 2005It was the first thing she said to him when he walked into her flat. It was always the first thing she said:"You look like hell."And just like every time before, he ignored the redhead's quip and went straight on in. Her apartment was nice, in a quaint British bed-and-breakfast way, wholesome and innocent. He excused himself to the washroom, filled with knick-knacks and trinkets of all sorts, devil-catchers and pagan good-luck charms resting easily next to hand-soap and toothpaste. The walls were a homey cream color, with swirls and patterns upon it. The water from the sink faucet scalded him. It always did; the hot water was always temperamental. He thought it a weak sort of penance for the kind of man he was. It wasn't much, but it was better than none.Looking up, Harry Potter surveyed his face in the mirror. His hair was still long and untamed as ever, the fringe pulled back since he no longer had a scar to hide. Forest green eyes glowed back at him, no longer covered by glasses, Harry had long since taken to wearing contacts. A short stubble had grown around his jaw, evidence of his business over the last week. His skin looked old; at 25, Harry had the crow's feet and frown lines of a man ten years older. He wasn't surprised, however, it was the sort of rub all Aurors learned to endure. The job aged men. It changed men."Time is a funny thing," Harry muttered to himself as he splashed his face with some of the boiling water.A knock came at the door. "Having fun flagellating yourself?" She asked; Harry could hear the smile in her voice. The door handle jiggled and turned, and she came into the small bathroom grinning, a cocktail in either hand."What's this?" Harry asked, accepting the drink from her as she swept her luxuriant red hair back with her now-free hand and regarded him with her astonishingly pretty blue-grey eyes."Your favorite," she replied. "An old-fashioned cocktail for an old-fashioned man."Harry gave her a raised eyebrow over the tumbler. "An old-fashioned man, am I, Ms. Bones?"Susan Bones winked, draining her own glass, a gin cocktail, as she always drank after a particularly long day at work. "An old-fashioned man with an old-fashioned issue with commitment," she placed a hand on his broad chest and traced a path down to his belt buckle. "Not that I'm complaining, mind you."Putting the cocktail down, Harry's own hands ran up Susan's supple flanks, the luxurious feel of her silk dress shirt combined with a blend of hard muscle and softness only an active woman's body could have, a heady combination. He thumbed over her unsupported breasts and held back a rakish grin at her pleased sigh and the sight of two small bumps straining against her blouse.His mouth lowered to hers, hers up to his; his hands undid the buttons to her blouse, hers undid the buckle to his belt; his hands grasped her by the bottom, hers moved up to his shoulders. They both stumbled out of the bathroom, locked by lip and embrace, and into her bedroom.Sex between the two was never rough. There was an exceeding gentleness about it, a sensuality uncaptured in their daily lives. Perhaps the roughness of their own lives kept them from bringing it into their dalliance. For Harry, he felt as though she was air, necessary for continued existence; the soft wind that reminded a man he existed. Air was not brutalized, it was to be enjoyed softly, contentedly. So it went with Susan Bones: she was to be enjoyed softly, like air.And so they went about, enjoying every bit of the other, from her porcelain skin, to long legs, to narrow waist, and his broad shoulders, strong arms, and muscular frame.Afterward, they laid in a sloppy embrace for a time. She smoked; he drank. It was a good combination for them. It worked. He eventually stood, put on his pants, and made for the kitchen to make himself another drink. Ice, water, Bourbon, Bitters, sugar, muddle, orange peel. Harry turned back down the hallway to rejoin Susan but was surprised to see her emerging from the bedroom wearing only his dress shirt and her panties underneath."Wanna catch a flick and some takeaway before you ditch me for monotony?" She asked. Harry took a long sip of his cocktail and looked at the clock, reading 3:15 P.M. Five hours before he was expected at The Burrow. He smiled, looking out at Susan's wide array of muggle movies upon a well-worn shelf nestled into the corner of her living room, next to her flickering television, an ad with low production values playing upon it:"Your pick," he said. "I'm going to have a shower.""Save me a spot!" She called after him, earning a smile from the raven-haired man as he entered the shower.Hours later, after food, a movie, and another round in the bed, Harry found himself standing with Susan on the balcony of her flat, watching out over London, thousands of people milling below him, all of them getting ready to visit family they didn't want to see for the New Years, or go club-hopping to meet people not worth talking to, let alone fucking, or go home to an empty flat and a TV dinner, the only honest response of all of them.But still, it had its positives. Susan lived like a muggle; she never did like the attention her aunt received from the media, and Harry could see the appeal in that. He, of course, was dragged into the spotlight wherever he went, but on this balcony, he was just an ordinary person: one of the millions of nobodies lost in this lumbering megalopolis.Their goodbyes were short and sweet, she placed a cigarette in his coat pocket, saying that if Harry wanted a New Year's smoke, she wanted him to think of her. Harry, ever the charming one, smiled right back and said he would be hard-pressed to stop thinking of her."Oh stop," she swatted at his chest, "you're embarrassing me."Susan fixed his coat and sent him off with a kiss.The Burrow was a wasteland of noise.It had always been a loud, cheery place, but Harry couldn't exactly place when the rickety old house had gone from land of milk and honey to land of confusion. On the outside, it had not changed much in the intervening years between his defeat of the Dark Lord: the wood was still of dubious quality, floors were still haphazardly thrown upon each other, reminding Harry strongly of the the eponymous house of the old woman who lived in a shoe, and the men and women inside it were still undaunted by the world. But now there was a darkness that hung over it, an odd existential fear of this place, as if one day Harry would look back and there would be the decaying Burrow, a murky symbol of all his wasted years.He strode down the path, unmindful of the slurry that had formed at his feet, remnants of all the others that had trod this way to the Burrow. A freezing rain pelted his face, stinging him like a thousand Lilliputians throwing their spears in vain defense.The front door opened before he even reached the front steps, revealing Molly Weasley's flaming red hair and rose-red cheeks. Physically, Mrs. Weasley did not look much older than when Harry had first met her fourteen years earlier, the slowed aging of her witch-blood in full effect, but there was something about her motherly glow that had been lost to time. She looked tired, withered, and skinnier than he remembered."Hi mum," he greeted and Mrs. Weasley's tired eyes curved in delight:"There he is!" She gave him a matronly smile and a rib-crushing hug. "I'm so glad you could make it. Ginny says you're always working these days.""Cases," Harry replied. "They pile up. Ron's already got it, and when Hermione makes the switch to MLE, she'll get hit with it, too. You and she are saints for watching over Jimmy while I've been away, mum."Mrs. Weasley placed a hand to his face, warming Harry's cold cheek and gave it a motherly kiss. "Anything for my children, busy as they are." She seemed to remember herself and started, moving away from the door. "Come in out of the cold, dear!""Thanks, mum," Harry replied, stepping across the threshold, from cold, dead winter into the warm, lively Burrow. In the parlor, or the Weasley-equivalent of one, sat the wives of all the Weasley men and the lone Potter woman gossiping amicably.Hermione Weasley, Harry's best friend, was the first to notice him. "Harry!" She exclaimed. Both she and Harry had long outgrown her customary bone-crushing hugs, but she did smile and beckon him over with enthusiasm."'Lo, Hermione," Harry returned, earning another smile. Next to her sat the long-standing and recently-toppled apple of Harry's eye, Ginny Potter, his wife, the woman he had sworn to protect and love 'til death did him part, blah, blah, blah. "Evening there Gin-and-tonic. You're quite the sight for sore eyes," he said, kissing her forehead.Ginny regarded him with a smile, but it did not contain the same warmth as Mrs. Weasley's or Hermione's. It, like most of their marriage these days, was a platitude, done out of convenience to avoid the issue at hand, that their marriage was failing. Little James Potter sat on her knee, his hazel eyes alighting with recognition as he took in the haggard form of his father. He immediately left his mother's grasp, earning a frown from Ginny, and toddled off to Harry, who picked him up with a tenderness and care he rarely showed to anyone but his son:"Hey there, Jim," he greeted, settling the boy into his hip and mock-groaning under James's weight. "You're beginning to get heavy, Jimmy; your dad can't carry you so well these days. He's gettin' old, y'know?"James, however, giggled and poked his father's nose, not fooled at all. "You're silly, daddy," he said, poking Harry once more."Silly? Me? No, surely not!" Harry yelped in mock-shock. "Well," he continued, "would you like to be silly with daddy?"Just as James was about to answer, Harry felt a tug on the leg of his jeans. He looked down to see his godson, Teddy Lupin, standing with Victoire Weasley. Both of them greeted Harry eagerly and scampered off with James, whom Teddy considered a little brother without any of the animosity that usually occurred between older and younger siblings.This left Harry alone with his sister-in-law and wife. "Thanks for bringing James," he said to Hermione, whom nodded politely. Ginny, whom had been away on tour with the Holyhead Harpies, also thanked her and Hermione flushed at the continued praise. She, of course, knew exactly why Harry and Ginny kept thanking her and studiously avoided the other's gaze. Harry hated that about Hermione, that he could rarely, if ever, convincingly lie to her. So Hermione raised an eyebrow at Harry, who, under her watchful eye, turned and dutifully pecked his wife upon the mouth.In that moment, however, he saw the visage of Susan Bones in his mind's eye, rather than that of Ginny Potter. Long ago, that might have made him cringe, but Harry had come to terms with his 'shortcomings'. Was he a good man? No, most assuredly not, and he would be the first to admit it. He was a philanderer and a liar, but whatever his private failings, Harry tried to be a decent man to all those around him.He was never sure if he was successful.Harry made small talk with his wife and best friend, but Harry couldn't help but keep one eye on his surroundings; Hermione had called it the 'Auror's Curse' when she had noticed Ron doing the same several years earlier. George, Ron's irreverent prankster brother whom had lost some of that irreverence with his other half during the war, a twin brother named Fred, stood with his elder brother Bill at a makeshift bar where he seemed to be pouring drinks for everyone. Percy strode awkwardly toward Hermione and attempted to engage her regarding magical theory, apparently deeming her the only one intelligent enough to hold such a conversation with him. Ron chatted amicably with Neville Longbottom, Luna Scamander and her husband, Rolf. Andromeda Tonks and Arthur Weasley looked on fondly at the large family from the kitchen entryway.Harry immediately made his way to George. Seven years of high-stress Auror cases had turned Harry into a high-functioning alcoholic, and he knew that he'd need several drinks in him to avoid massacring what little fun he might have today."Wotcher, George," Harry said."'Lo there, Harrikins," the redhead mocked in that charming way of his. "Would the resident alcoholic like it old-fashioned or would he rather have the whole of the firewhiskey?"Harry merely raised an eyebrow at George's straight-face and Bill's smile, a terrifying prospect, given the elder sibling's never-fully-healed scars."Come on, Potter," the man continued. "A booze-hound detective? You're such a walking clich.""One, I'm not a detective," Harry rebuffed. "And two, it's the holidays. Would you really deny me the medicine of the season just because it's clich?"George merely snorted."Good," smiled Harry. "Now make it an old-fashioned."He quickly set to drinking with George and Bill, and, after downing three cocktails in ten minutes, he felt pleasantly numb. So numb, in fact, that Fleur's passing by didn't attract his male gaze, though Neville stared dumbly and openly at the part-Veela from across the room. Fleur dragged Bill away to deal with something in the kitchen; the spot he left vacated was almost immediately filled by Ron.Ron had never been one for fancy drinks, taking only a dash of firewhiskey and clinking his glass against Harry's."It's good to be home, eh Harry?" Ron sighed contentedly. "We aren't around enough, what with work and all. It drives Hermione absolutely bonkers, it does. Still, though, hoped we could've invited a few of the people from the office here. Would've liked to see Bones come around, she always seems so lonely."It took all of Harry's willpower not to choke on his drink."Still, though, no work, no responsibilities, just family and food," he finished with a sigh."The life of kings," Harry agreed with a thin smile, clinking his glass against Ron's and downing it in a few large gulps."So," Ron began, smacking his lips after a particularly sour shot, "where've you been all day? We got out of work hours ago."And there it was: the question Harry feared, and, in some deep, dark hole in his psyche, wanted to be asked. Where did he go, what did he do with all his time? Who was he really? Harry himself wasn't sure of the answers to these questions, so he always lied:"Visited Dudley and his wife for lunch," Harry fibbed confidently, sipping at his drink. "They wanted to have me over for dinner, but you know how my uncle gets about Gin and Jimmy."Dudley Dursley had started a family early with a charming young Glaswegian named Elizabeth Darrow, whom went by Elsie, for short. A perky, idealistic brunette, Elsie was a journalist and the polar opposite of her husband, a Grunnings salesman like his father before him, and she had borne him two boys by twenty-two, Edward and David, with a third child on the way.Harry had gone to their home for lunch, but it had been several days earlier, on Boxing Day."You saw Dudley and Elsie, then?" Ron asked. "How are they? The kids?""They're good. Elsie threatened to hunt me down again if I don't bring you and Hermione over for Easter."Ron grinned. "Right, wouldn't want that to happen again."In 1999, whilst Harry, Ron, and Hermione shared a small flat above a bakery nearby Morpeth castle in Northumberland, Elsie had learned over dinner her then-boyfriend Dudley had a cousin whom had both saved his life and was habitually scorned by Mr. and Mrs. Dursley. She then took it upon herself to track Harry down, using what Harry could only guess was a sort of muggle magic because he still had no clue how she had tracked him down. And suddenly, a few weeks later, a brunette appeared in the landing outside their flat, practically barging in. Harry had been so surprised by this pretty, petite woman not only dating a whale like Dudley, but forcing her way into his flat that he merely let her in. He had found Dudley slimmed, was her boyfriend, and was no longer a tosser. She brought him an Ginny over for dinner the next night.Barring his Uncle Vernon's near coronary, Harry had to say the night went exceptionally well. And now, he was an integral part to the younger half of the Dursley family, playing uncle to Edward and David."Tell her we'd be glad to come," Ron smiled, before taking a second look at his drink and Harry. "Well, I'll never be able to keep up with you, so I won't even try. Wanna play Wizard's Chess?""No thanks," Harry declined with a smirk. "If I wanted to get my arse handed to me, I'd argue with Hermione over House-Elf Rights.""Ugh," said Ron, "spew.""It's S.P.E.W., Ronald!" Harry said foppishly, giving his best impression of a chastising Hermione.Both men laughed."What are you doing out here?" Hermione asked, drawing her coat tightly around her as she joined Harry on the Burrow's front porch. In less than a few seconds, Hermione was already rosy-cheeked. Harry had always found her quite fetching that way.He waved the cigarette he had been smoking before Hermione had come out. "Out for a fag," he said, and immediately made to explain when he saw her look. "I know, I know, it's a filthy habit and it kills and it rots your teeth. But it is good for stress."Hermione just shrugged. "Just make sure to get the smell off. I doubt Ginny would like sleeping next to walking cigar. And brush your teeth extra well.""I'll be sure to," Harry affirmed with a barking laugh. "Speaking of teeth; where are the Doctors' Granger?""They'll be here tonight," Hermione said. "Mum and dad are just running late.""Ah." He said. "How goes the switch from Regulation of Magical Creatures to Law Enforcement?""Slowly," smiled Hermione. A long, comfortable silence followed, the sign of two great friends merely enjoying the presence of the other, until Hermione broke it: "What about you?" She said"What?" Harry asked."Where have you been, and don't try to lie to me about Dudley and Elsie. I know you haven't been there since Boxing Day."Harry sighed, he hated this about Hermione. "And how did you know that?" He deadpanned."Harry," Hermione entreated, ignoring his question. "She's your wife. Why are you doing this to her?""Doing what?" He shot back. "What do you think is going on?""Nothing. Nothing at all. But don't you think she deserves to know why your marriage is falling apart?" Hermione asked quietly."And do that for what?" Harry asked, raking a hand through his hair and taking a long drag of the cigarette. "So this big family of ours can close in on itself? So I can spend my days, at best, with only partial custody of James? So Ron can turn on me, and you can, too?"Hermione flinched as though Harry had slapped her. "Harry, don't be silly, you know that I would never-" she began hotly, only to be cut off."If you were to be given a choice between they and I, who do you think you'd choose? I certainly don't think it would you'd like to be left out in the cold with me over Ron and the rest."Rather than pacifying his longtime best friend, the statement seemed to incense her. She raised her hands in the bitter evening air, and said: "Where are we Harry? Am I not in the cold with you right now?"Harry stubbornly remained silent, taking a long drag of his cigarette and blowing it over the freshly fallen snow, wispy strands of smoke rollicking over waves diamonds, like clouds over the sea."Maybe you deserve to be left in the cold," Hermione continued with a most un-Hermione-like sneer. "The way you've been acting. I can tell: the late nights, the disinterest in saving your marriage. Maybe they can't," she pointed to the warm living room of the Burrow, "but I can. And it makes me sad. For the boy I used to think the world of, and the alien you've become."The black-haired Auror shrugged. "Think the world of?" He chuckled. "Don't be ridiculous." Hermione raised an eyebrow coolly at Harry's words. "Or maybe I do deserve to be alone. But walk in there, look at my son, and tell me I deserve to lose him. Do it."Hermione looked conflicted. "No," she relented, "you're a great father. He needs you.""Yeah, he does," Harry agreed. "Ginny's good, when she's not off in Malyasia with the Harpies doing a tour. He needs someone, even if I can't be there all the time.""Still, Harry," Hermione warned, placing a hand on his shoulder. "It doesn't excuse you. Either you stop whatever it is that's taking up your time and come back to your family, or you stop this charade." She said, pointing at Harry's wedding ring.The silence returned, only this time it wasn't quite so comfortable, until Harry turned and replied: "Is that a threat?"Hermione glared. "I'm your best friend; I would never threaten you. That being said, Ginny is also one of my friends, and you've done nothing to deny what I'm accusing you of, and I don't want to keep this secret."Harry stared at his cigarette in response, as if looking to it for advice. He found none. Eventually, he looked up at the sky and exhaled: "There's nothing to deny." Hermione looked his way, and Harry met her gaze. The two old friends stood shoulder-to-shoulder, but they were oceans apart."Come inside, you'll catch cold," Hermione said at length, with a heaving sigh that could only come from a long-suffering friend of Harry Potter's.She opened the shutter door and went inside, and it closed behind her with a sharp whack.Harry stamped out his cigarette and followed."Dinner looks wonderful, Molly," William Granger, Hermione's father, complimented Mrs. Weasley, whom took the praise with a slight blush. An assortment of foods graced the Weasley dining table, from Christmas ham to lamb roast, from steamed vegetables to some rather fancy French dishes Fleur had prepared. Harry sat, flanked to the left by Ginny and to the right by Hermione, whom Ron sat next to. James slept contentedly in the living room after Harry and Ginny fed him; both parents kept close eye on the boy."It wasn't all me," Molly said, "Hermione helped immensely, along with Fleur."Hermione's mother, Helen, gave a wry smile at her daughter. "Is that so? I don't know where she got it from. God knows it wasn't from me." The adults at the table laughed softly.Arthur allowed Hermione's father to cut the ham, and once all customs were dispensed with, Ron speared every bit of food he could, as though it would have disappeared at any moment. Harry filled his plate at a more sedate pace, exchanging a small grin with Ginny and Hermione over the glutton that Ron was, but before any of them could take a bite, Ron yelped and felt inside the pocket of his trousers. When he slipped his hand in, he cringed:"Unbelievable," he muttered. Harry looked on confusedly for a moment with the rest of the table, but then he felt it.And then, he understood.His Auror Badge, stuffed haphazardly into his pocket glowed bright and hot, a surefire signal to drop whatever it was Harry was doing and apparate to the Auror Offices to find out what Gawain Robards, his boss and mentor, wanted from him."Please tell me we don't have to go," Ron said, ignoring everyone else and looking only at Harry. "Please tell me we can skive, just for tonight?"Harry chuckled as he set down his fork and knife, a dry, sarcastic sound. "You know how the he is. We need to be there or I reckon he'll just barge in here and take us.""Fuck," Ron swore pushing back in his chair with a ear-splitting screech that was accompanied by both Molly and Hermione reproaching his swearing. Ignoring them, he went for his jacket in the front closet.Harry downed the rest of his cocktail, snatched one bite of the lamb roast and made to follow. Ron had already turned by the time Harry found his topcoat. Returning to the table for goodbyes, Harry spotted Ron apologizing profusely to Hermione, whom looked disappointed, but understanding. He shrugged at Ginny and mouthed 'sorry', earning a nod. He gave Ginny a kiss and was then crushed alongside Ron in one of Hermione's trademarked hugs, a tradition whenever the two went out on emergency calls. Harry also found his son and godson, giving them both hugs and goodbyes and a kiss on the forehead for Victoire.After tightening his own coat, Harry followed Ron out of the Burrow, past the anti-apparition wards and made for the Ministry.It rained outside like it always did in this city. A preternatural sadness seemed to sweep the landscape even as Harry knew millions waited for the New Year to come in. Only Ron's intonation of "Bloody hell!" brought his partner back to the scene in front of him:Aurors, a dark legion their menacing black robes, swept across the office in droves; the entire floor felt like organized chaos. Harry and Ron sent questioning looks at one another, wondering what could have changed so completely in the few hours they'd been gone.Their questions were answered by Susan Bones, wearing similarly dark robes as Harry and the rest of the Auror corps. "You remember the murder of Gareth Morgan two months ago?""Who doesn't?" Asked Ron. "It's not every day a member of the Wizengamot is assassinated. But why does that matter; I thought the trail went cold?""It was. You remember we determined there was a group of five, and one of them was a man who fashioned himself a Dark Lord.""We heard the rumors," Harry said, trying to be professional, but Susan in Auror garb was very distracting indeed. "the Mountain King.""Well, several sheep-herders in Norway claimed to have seen a man claiming to be the Mountain King kill a man," she said. "ICW investigated, and the Interpol Aurors found that the man he killed, his wand signature matched one that was found on a butler at Morgan's home.""Shite," Ron whistled. "So, what? We're to head to Norway then?""Yup, that looks to be it," Susan started, but then snapped her fingers as though remembering something. "Oh, wait, and one more thing. The sheep-herders were elves.""House-elves?" Ron questioned."No," said Susan. "Real elves. You'll see when we get there."Ron blinked in confusion, and when she was sure the redhead wasn't looking, Susan gave Harry a surreptitious wink before sauntering ahead. "Follow me; I'll take you to Robards."Harry was sure the exaggerated sway of her hips was no accident.They were met by the grizzled Auror chief, Gawain Robards. Robards was a hard-looking man, tall and built with dark brown hair that had just begun to give way to gray of experience and electric blue eyes matched in lumosity only by the late Alastor Moody's Mad-Eye, a three-day growth of beard outlined his gaunt face and came to a point at the end of a sharp chin. Harry, like most of the Auror Department before him, never failed to defer to the man when he caught sight of those eyes; they were not unlike Dumbledore, but whereas the celebrated Headmaster's eyes twinkled with mischief, like that of a man who knows a secret about every person he came into contact with, Robards' stare was commanding, lacking the whimsy and containing twice the intensity of the Professor's gaze.Robards had led admirably as Auror Chief for just over eight years now, and had received Harry's unadulterated respect, the likes of which his predecessor had never had even the faintest wisp of."Potter, Weasley!" He barked at the two, snapping Ron to attention but failing to faze Harry, whom already waited in a soldier's stance. "Follow me, we'll need to discuss this in private. You too, Bones."Without waiting for reply, the grizzled man turned away and marched toward his office. Ron shrugged at Harry and followed in the Chief's wake. Eventually, Harry did the same, and Susan brought up the rear, exchanging only slight glances with the black-haired Auror.Robards' office was predictably bare. He was an intensely private man; there were no pictures of his wife or daughters, though Harry had met them all, because Robards felt no need to keep anything personal within these four walls. It was an impenetrable, impersonal fortress of his, where he worked his devil magic as a master of war, and then retired to his home, his family, all things personal. The office, if one could call it that, simply consisted of two seats in front of a finely polished desk, topped with only two or three files, a sneakoscope and a placard with Robards name emblazoned on it.Harry allowed Susan to walk in ahead of him and closed the door behind him; looming over his coworkers as they took the uncomfortable chairs in front of the Auror Chief's desk."We know this man," Robards began, his face an indifferent mask. "We know what he's done, and we know why he did it. This Mountain King is of no use to us alive, and whatever he's doing in Norway cannot be good. The Director agrees and so too does the Minster. Which is why we are deviating from protocol. We will assemble a team of fifteen, go to Odda, Norway, where our King was last seen. And then we eliminate him and his cronies quickly and cleanly. No mercy."The order hung in the air, and all three Aurors recoiled at the wild deviation from the Auror handbook, which stated that no fugitive could be killed by Auror members without first using lethal spells. The only time that law was lifted was during a prolonged period of war, as Britain had experienced during Lord Voldemort's reign."Those are war-time measures," said Harry, being the first one to regain his bearings after the odd order. "Are we at war, sir?" He asked, hoping vainly that Robards had not just given the trio a kill-on-sight order.Robards gaze was calm and ageless, almost zen-like. It unnerved Harry to see someone so serene, entrenched in a maelstrom of emotions as he was. Without so much as a stutter, the Chief responded:"We may be, Auror Potter. We may be."A/N: And so begins a sort of Auror anthology collection. This kind of came out of watching True Detective, but I feel that sticking with one or two central characters may ground the story a little bit more than a full-on anthology. BU isn't so much a sprawling story centering around one plot (like TKoL or MB), but rather several shorter stories in no particular order (all between 30-60k) all put in one fic. Most will center around Harry and Ron, but, really, the only mainstay character is Harry; some of the other cases don't feature Ron.However, this case does feature Ron, and it borrows a lot from Norse Mythology as well as Conrad's Heart of Darkness. Updates won't be quick, as MB is still my top priority (and because the humor in that is a bit easier to write than the gravitas in this), but I'd say between every month-and-a-half to two months should be the update schedule.So far, seven cases (the main characters. dates, and skeletal plotline) have been planned out. Two more may be added, though neither of those will feature Harry or the twenty-first century.Chapter Notes:Adultery: Harry is an adulterer and by all rights a bastard. There are no ifs, ands, or buts about it. He was not and will not always be an adulterer, because in 2017 (the presumed year of the epilogue) Harry and Ginny are okay with each other. As of right now, however, he isn't faithful. Would Canon Harry cheat on Ginny? Probably not. But then again, Canon!Harry probably wouldn't be happy with their marriage either. There's also a very specific reason I chose Susan, reasons which will become more apparent in the coming chapters.Hermione: Hermione is only keeping from voicing her concerns over Harry to Ginny because she thinks it would be bad for James, she doesn't want to cover for him, even if she doesn't know exactly what's going on (though Hermione's a smart woman, safe bet is she'll figure out). She wants Harry to either stop or get out of the marriage, rather than staying and hurting Ginny more in the long run. This plot-thread will run to the end of the case.Tone: You might have noticed Harry is rather subdued, humorless, and almost reactive rather than proactive, in this chapter with only a few exceptions. This is to emphasize Harry's lack of control: his alienation, his frustration with his marriage, and also the repercussions of an earlier case that will be discussed later.Dudley and Elsie were dwelled upon for a reason; they will feature into a case taking place in 2012.Alcoholism: In keeping with the sort of hardboiled feel I'm going for (hopefully I've sort of captured it!), Harry channels a bit of Don Draper in his vices (hence his partiality for Old-fashioned cocktails). Also, it's hard not to compare the two, now that I've seen A Young Doctor's Notebook and can only imagine an older Harry as Jon Hamm with a Surrey drawl.Main Characters: Since the main characters change every case, I chose the three most consistent characters for the listed characters which is the trio.For those of you wondering about Midnight Blues, I'm three-fourths of the way done with the chapter at about 6700 words. That chapter should be coming out in a few days or a week.So, was it okay? Was it divine? Was it meh and should I just stick to MB? Or was it god-fucking-awful and I should consider killing myself for having had people read such an atrocity? Send me your thoughts!Thanks for reading,Geist.
