Ok, so here's the first chapter of my sequel to Harry Potter and the Mystic Knights. I've tried to keep my thoughts more collected in this one so I hope it flows better.Please keep in mind I am not a professional writer and I only write for the enjoyment of others and myself so don't expect Author quality but I have tried my best.Disclaimer: I don't own anything to do with Harry Potter and the only things I own are the plot and OC'S.Chapter one:The room was cold and grim, and large grotesque statues decorated it. The walls were made of black stone and a sense of foreboding hung heavily in the stale air. In the middle of the room was a large black marble table around which four cloaked figures sat. The silence between them was palpable as they waited for the last member of their group to arrive.Around the large stone room numerous torches were lit their flames flickering and dancing along the walls and statues. Only one portrait adorned the wall it was behind the only empty chair at the head of the table. It was the portrait of a tall man with long black hair and cold black eyes, his ears were pointed and his face shone with malice like no other caught on canvas.As the figures at the table began to get restless, shifting anxiously in their seats, the large doors at the far wall suddenly flew open and a tall figure entered his cloak billowing ominously behind him, as he strode quickly to his seat at the head of the table. Nodding once and motioning for the others to take a seat again after they had stood to greet him the man took his seat as well.After several minutes of expectant silence the man lowered his hood and nodded at the others to do the same. It was the man from the portrait, his cold black eyes just as unforgiving, as he glanced at the others."I suppose you're wondering why I called you all here," the man stated smoothly his voice quiet yet strong as he watched the others lower their own hoods revealing they all had long black hair and pointed ears, "It is time my friends to begin what we have been planning for many moons."Excited whispers ran along the table as the man at the head of the table smiled coldly and watched his friends talk amongst themselves."But Dwalif, why now?" asked the woman to the right of him looking sharply at the man in question with cold blue eyes."Because, dear Dahlia, I believe we are ready. And with the wizards still reeling from Voldemort's return and subsequent defeat they are at a vulnerable time. We have trained for this many years and it is my belief we are all but unbeatable." Dwalif said turning his black eyes on all the others as he explained."But what about the two?" questioned another man, Bosco, quirking his eyebrow.Dwalif turned to the man and looked into his violet eyes for a moment before answering, "The two, although powerful, should not be too much of a problem. They are far less experienced and know nothing about Elvin magic so are at a serious disadvantage to us.""Not to mention they're underage," added Ragon sharing a smug look with his twin sister Florence.Brown eyes full of amusement, Florence agreed, "Yes, they have yet to come into their full power.""Do not underestimate them!" Dwalif snapped, "after all they did manage to vanquish the most evil man of their time. Though it is unlikely they will be able to be a match for us we must remain cautious of them. They are quite resourceful for such young ones and will stop at nothing to make sure their world is safe; you would do well to remember that. Understood?"The others remained silent for a moment properly chastised for not taking the two seriously before agreeing with the Elf and apologizing. As silenced reigned and the others could tell their leader was calming down Dahlia chose to speak placing a gentle hand on his arm."You believe we're ready then?" she asked making sure, even though he had already said he thought they were."Absolutely, we've worked hard for this day, our knowledge is vast and our bodies are strong. Starting September the Wizarding world will bow to our power, and before long there won't be a Witch or Wizard who doesn't fear the Black Mantle!"His friends cheered and one by one they produced their swords from the scabbards hung on their chairs and touched tips with the others in the middle of the table.Smiling sinisterly Dwalif stood and drew his own sword, reaching forward he touched the tip to his friends'. A beam of black light shot forth from the joined swords and hit the ceiling in the centre of the room, creating a black patch of what looked like an oily substance. Dwalif watched with satisfaction as the substance spread along the ceiling and down the walls completely covering everything. Then, as if the stone of the ceiling and the walls were absorbing it, it disappeared, leaving behind only the steady thrum of the darkness that seemed to have been produced by it.Dwalif grinned in satisfaction as he watched his brethren celebrate and as he listened to the thrum only he could hear. As the darkness's thrum grew louder and faster so did his own heart. Soon they were beating out a steady rhythm together.'England,' he thought with a grin, 'you had better be ready for us.The panther froze: its entire body tensed as it panted softly and strained to hear the sound that it had heard moments before. Staying low to the ground, it crept silently along the forest floor, snaking around trees and pausing briefly to change directions.The snap of a twig to its left caused it to freeze again, its sleek black body lowered till its belly was resting on the ground, its ears twitching as it listened and its yellow eyes darting around the forest as it tried to pinpoint its hunter.The leaves on the bush next to it rustled slightly and it took off suddenly dashing through the forest, dodging trees as it tried to escape. Its powerful muscles strained as it propelled itself onward, and its ears picked up the faint footfalls of its pursuer as it tried to reach the clearing just beyond the tree line in front of it.It had almost made it when it was suddenly tackled from behind. The force of the blow caused the panther to lose its footing and tumble head first along its path narrowly missing a tree as it somersaulted quite a few feet before ending up on its back. Before it could even think to move its pursuer placed their paws on its chest and pinned it to the ground.Defeated all the panther could do was pant as it stared into the amber eyes of the black wolf that had trapped it. Tilting its head at the look of amusement in the wolf's eyes the panther wasn't surprised when the wolf stepped off its chest and backed away a few feet.Pushing itself to its feet the large feline shook its entire body dislodging any leaves and dirt that had been caught in its fur.Suddenly the fur began to disappear as did the tail and ears and in moments a boy sat in the panthers place."Don't look so smug," he told the wolf across from him as he stood and brushed off his dark jeans. Turning his emerald green eyes to the wolf he added, "I had almost made it back to the clearing, a few more feet and I would have been home free."Tilting its head to the side the wolf regarded the boy momentarily before it too began to change."The operative word being almost," the girl that now stood in place of the wolf teased kindly her eyes sparkling with mirth as she watched the boy send her a dirty look. "Oh come on, Harry, cheer up, it was fun."Harry Potter huffed and cast another mock glare at the girl but didn't move away when she stepped closer and reached up to pull a twig out of his spiked hair.Ruffling his hair fondly she murmured, "I wish you had kept it blue."Unable to keep the smile off his face any longer Harry laughed and grabbed her wrist before she could mess up his spikes any further."I wanted to go back to black," he explained smiling, "I don't mind the blue but I wanted a change." He said. "Besides, your one to talk." He said pointedly.Shrugging the girl reached up to run her hand through her shoulder length hair. A few months ago her hair had been like Harry's but she had decided to grow it out so instead of her spiked black hair with pink tips she now had shoulder length black hair with pink highlights."I thought you liked my hair like this," she protested narrowing her metallic blue eyes on him."I do," he tried to placate the girl; "I love it, now I can run my fingers through it, I couldn't do that before." As if to prove his point he did just that pulling the girl into a hug he ran his fingers through her hair, smiling when he felt the tension leave her body at his ministrations."Harry!" a sudden shout came from his right.Turning but not letting go of his hold on the girl Harry saw his godfather, Sirius Black, watching them with a smirk on his face."You're going to be late meeting the Weasley's," the man pointed out, snickering when Harry showed his displeasure. "Think you can let go of Jessica long enough to go shopping for your school supplies?"Harry shot his godfather a dirty look before relinquishing his hold on Jessica. Taking her hand and offering her an apologetic smile he led her to the clearing he had been running toward before Jessica had first tackled him.Stepping out of the trees Harry smiled as he walked toward the first home he had ever had.Dumbledore had decided, since Sirius was still on the run and Harry no longer wished to live with the Dursley's, that the two should move in together. He and some of his most trusted friends had built a cottage in the woods just outside of London. The land had to be placed under the Fidelius charm and had some muggle repellent charms of course but Harry had been delighted when he first saw it. After thanking Dumbledore profusely the two had promptly moved in and were enjoying their new life together.Harry and Sirius had eventually persuaded Remus Lupin to move in with them as well and the three had enjoyed the serenity of the woods and each other's company since.Harry couldn't help but reflect on how great his summer had been so far. Since Voldemort's defeat Harry no longer had that prophecy hanging over his head and could live like a normal sixteen year old boy would. Well, not quite since, no matter how much Harry wished he could be; Harry Potter was not normal.Harry Potter was a Mystic Knight.A powerful wizard with the ability to do wandless magic and have various other powers normal wizards don't have. Due to training and practice he also excels in swordsmanship and various fighting techniques including Tae Kwon Do. Whilst quite gifted magically most Mystic Knights, Harry included, prefer to do battle with swords as they believe it is the most honorable form of dueling but know it is also not always practical and will use magic if necessary.But since Voldemort's defeat the times Harry had been called to battle various foes had greatly diminished, and he spent most of his summer with friends and family. Not to mention his girlfriend Jessica Lock.Jessica, though, was not just his girlfriend she was also his Mystic Knight partner. In fact Harry had first met her when Greg Talon had sought them each out the summer before and trained them in the ways of the Mystic Knight. They had promptly become good friends and, looking back on it now, Harry had quickly come to realize he had wanted more.But he hadn't been able to pluck up the courage and tell her that till after his final battle with Voldemort nearly a year after they had met. Once he finally had he was pleased to learn she felt the same and they had been together ever since."Harry?" Sirius said staring at the young Gryffindor. Huffing in annoyance he grabbed his godson's shoulders and gave them a fierce shake. Grinning when the boy's eyes refocused on him he said, "You ok, you looked a million miles away?"Blushing slightly Harry grinned and shrugged sheepishly, "Sorry, I was just thinking about the last couple of months." Catching the concerned looks on both his godfathers and Jessica's face he added, "I'm fine, really. I was just thinking about what a great summer I've had so far."Sirius smiled and threw his arm around Harry's shoulder leading him into the cottage, "It has been great, hasn't it? Too bad you go back to school in a few days, I'll miss you while your away kiddo.""I know," Harry answered sticking out his chest pompously, "I would miss me too."Sirius sputtered for a second before grabbing Harry and attacking the boy's hair mussing it up."A-alright I'm s-sorry," Harry gasped barely managing to get words out through his laughter, "I'm g-going to miss y-you too."Sirius laughed too and let go of the Gryffindor allowing him to stumble back and catch his breath.Jessica smiled and shook her head in amusement, "If you boy's are through perhaps Harry can go get changed otherwise he really will be late meeting the others. I'm going to head home and change as well, I'll meet you and the others there later on, ok?"Harry nodded and watched as she threw him a smile before shimmering away. Unlike normal wizards and witches Mystic Knights don't apparate from place to place. Instead they use a process called 'shimmering'. It's much the same; you shimmer from one place and end up in another just as you would in apparation, except shimmering makes no sound in the process. When you apparate you make a sharp cracking sound as you reappear. When you shimmer there is no noise made making it easier to sneak up on people. Shimmering is also a type of magic no one besides Mystic Knights know about therefore wards can't be put up to stop them popping in and out whenever they please. So shimmering allows them to pass through anti-apparation wards as well making it possible for them to pop up anywhere including Hogwarts. Harry had found this way of transportation quite useful in the past and it was one of the things he liked most about being a Mystic Knight."Have fun at Diagon Alley," Sirius called after the retreating boy as he made his way to his room, "and maybe you should fix that hair of yours, it looks terrible." Seeing the dirty look Harry threw his way, Sirius laughed and headed into the kitchen to make some lunch for himself."Oy, Harry, over here mate!" Ron Weasley called as he spotted his best friend across the crowded Leaky Cauldron pub. Waving frantically until the raven haired boy spotted him Ron grinned as Harry waved back and started towards them.Ron like his best friend Harry is sixteen and about to enter his sixth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. That, however, is where the similarity ends between them. Instead of black hair like Harry his hair is a brilliant red. Ron has a long nose and a face full of freckles; he is also tall and gangly whereas Harry is shorter than most boys his age."Alright, Ron?" Harry asked finally reaching the boy and giving him a friendly thump on the back."Ya, you?" Ron answered throwing an arm around his friend and leading him to a room in the back that Tom, the barkeeper, had set up for the gathering of friends.Harry nodded, "Not bad, I'm pretty excited to be going back to school though. Maybe we'll finally have a normal year."Ron let out a bark of laughter before muttering a 'we can only wish' under his breath. "Everyone's through here," he told Harry pushing open the door in front of him.Harry smiled as he saw the small group sitting at the table. It seemed only Ron, Ginny, Hermione and Mrs. Weasley had decided to come on the shopping trip today. Though since most of the other Weasley's had jobs they needed to go to Harry wasn't all that surprised to see just them."Harry dear," Mrs. Weasley cried spotting the boy, rising from the table she gathered him into a bone crushing hug before ushering him into a chair. "How are you, dear?"Smiling and helping himself to some of the food spread out on the table he answered, "I'm fine Mrs. Weasley, how are you?" It never ceased to amaze him how enthusiastic Mrs. Weasley always was when she greeted him. It was like she hadn't seen him in ages even though they had probably been together just the day before."Fine, dear, just fine." She smiled before turning her attention to Ron who had just accidentally dumped a bowl of mashed potatoes onto his lap because he had been reaching half way down the table for the salt.Harry tuned out Mrs. Weasley scolding his best friend and turned to the other two at the table."How about you two, anything exciting or new I should know about?"Ginny giggled and shot Hermione a sly look. Harry intrigued turned to Hermione and became even more intrigued when he discovered the deep blush now crawling up her face."Well, come on, out with it." Harry demanded his interest only rising further when Hermione shot Ginny a dirty look, her cheeks still stained pink."It's nothing Harry," Hermione said with an air of finality, "Ginny's just being silly. Oh, hush, you!" she snapped the last remark at Ginny who was still giggling.Harry sincerely doubted it was nothing but also knew that Hermione would tell him if she wanted to. He couldn't force her after all so just decided to give his friend the change of subject she wanted."Where's Jessica today Harry?" his bushy haired friend questioned pointedly ignoring Ginny when she started snickering again."She said she'd meet us a little later on, she mentioned she had to go talk to Greg about something yesterday." He replied. Greg Talon was Harry's and Jessica's closest confident as well as their Mystic Knight mentor. He and Jessica often told Greg things they couldn't talk to anyone else about. Things only a former Mystic Knight would understand."About what?" Ron asked having finally escaped his mothers lecture on proper table manners and returned to his meal and the conversation at hand.Harry shrugged, "She didn't say."Ron, Hermione and Ginny all exchanged glances. Harry, having noticed, immediately questioned the three about what they weren't telling him.Looking uncomfortable Ron was the one who finally plucked up the courage to answer his irate friend."It's just, that seems to happen a lot lately, y'know? Every time we make plans for all of us to do something together she always says she's busy. And when we show up at your house and she's there she suddenly remembers she forgot to do something and ducks out. We were actually surprised she agreed to meet us all today we thought for sure she would find some excuse not to come."Hermione nodded and glanced at Ginny for support before adding, "We think she's trying to avoid us. Even Draco says she usually leaves when he pops over for a visit. Haven't you noticed?"Harry sighed and leaned back in his chair no longer hungry. Truth be told he had noticed, but every time he tried to bring it up with Jessica she insisted she didn't know what he was talking about, and would get annoyed at him if he persisted with the subject so he had eventually stopped asking."We think, maybe we've done something to annoy her or hurt her feelings." Ginny said softly.Harry pondered that for a moment but then quickly dismissed the thought. Ron and the others had been nothing but kind to Jessica, besides some light teasing at the beginning of his and Jessica's relationship which Harry knew hadn't really bothered her. After all she could give as good as she got. But Harry could see why his friends would think it had been something they had done. Ever since his birthday almost a month ago Jessica had been avoiding hanging out with them all and only visited with Harry.Harry shook his head, "I don't think it was anything you guys did. Something's bothering Jess and I'm not sure what it is, but you guys had nothing to do with it."Looking slightly appeased by Harry's persuasive answer the three returned to their meal in relative silence.By the time the group was done eating and Mrs. Weasley was ushering them out of the pub and into the back, Jessica still hadn't shown up.Sighing sadly Harry passed through the arc that had appeared to let them into the busy wizarding street and resolved to talk to Jessica again, this time he would stand firm and get through to her one way or another.He was so lost in his own thoughts he didn't notice the body that had appeared in front of him and smacked into it knocking them both to the ground."Bloody hell, Potter watch where you're going!" Draco Malfoy snapped as he pushed himself up off the ground and dusted his robes off. Then seeing Harry looking so despondent he softened his stance and held out a hand to help the Gryffindor to his feet. Hauling the young man up when he had taken the hand offered to him he asked if he was ok."Ya," Harry answered, "I'm sorry I knocked you off your feet, Draco. What are you doing here?""I was going to meet you outside Gringotts, remember? To go shopping for our school things." the platinum haired Slytherin said waving towards the large bank in question behind him. His light gray eyes narrowed as they watched Harry shake himself out of whatever stupor he had been in and greet Draco properly."Oh, that's right, I nearly forgot." Harry said with a grin, "How are you?""Better then you, apparently." The boy drawled before leading Harry back to the others who were waiting on the steps to the bank. "What had you so unfocused that you didn't notice me?""Jessica, she was supposed to show up today, to go around with us but we haven't seen her yet. I don't think she's coming and I'm just wondering what's going on with her lately.""Oh," was all the Slytherin could think to say. He too had noticed Jessica's peculiar behavior as of late but didn't know what could be the reason behind it.Nothing more was said as the group entered the bank, and visited their vaults to procure some money for their shopping. It was going to be a long day and they wanted to make sure they had enough for the things they would need to buy. After all NEWT level classes started this year and they needed to be prepared for them and all the homework they were sure to have."I can't believe you got into NEWT level potions." Ron Weasley grumbled as he Harry and Draco looked through the various ingredients the apothecary had in stock. The girls had gone off with Mrs. Weasley a few minutes before to pick up new robes, leaving the boys to go off by themselves. Since both Harry and Draco had made it into NEWT potions the trio decided to get the ingredients they would need for the upcoming year.Harry laughed as he added another ingredient to the basket he was carrying. "I found it a lot easier to brew potions for an examiner then for Snape. I guess without Snape or the Slytherin's trying to sabotage my work I'm not too bad at it."Draco shot the Gryffindor an arrogant look, "Sabotage your potions? We've done no such thing, Potter. Why would we waste our time in such a childish fashion?"Harry and Ron shared a laugh and after a moment Draco joined in. It wasn't a secret that Draco had treated Harry badly for many years, but Harry had told him ages ago that all was forgiven, for which Draco was grateful."Ah," a voice suddenly exclaimed from behind them, "there you are! I've been looking for you.""Greg?" Harry sputtered staring at his mentor as the man smiled and clapped Harry on the back before seizing the other two boy's hands and giving them a friendly shake."What are you doing here? Is Jessica here?" he questioned trying to peer around the man to see if Jessica was somewhere in the shop."Actually Jessica isn't able to make it to Diagon Alley today," he explained gently, yet seriously, "so I volunteered to do her shopping for today.""Oh," Harry said deflating slightly, a glance next to him showed Ron and Draco were disappointed as well even though they didn't look the least bit surprised.Greg smiled sadly, "but not to worry, she asked me to find you all and ask you to meet her at her house after your all done shopping. She'd like to explain why she's been acting odd lately. Six tonight alright? Tell Hermione and Ginny as well, would you? I've got to run, plenty more to buy."Then as quickly as he had showed up the man was gone, lost in the crowd of students, teachers and adults alike who were also shopping for potions ingredients.Six o'clock rolled around pretty quickly that day and soon enough Harry and the others found themselves standing on Jessica's doorstep.Harry had been to her house at least a dozen times since he had accidentally set the Lock's dining room on fire, but still felt embarrassed and guilty every time he came over. Her parents had long ago forgiven him and had even thought it had been rather funny but he still couldn't look them in the eye."You going to knock, mate?" Ron questioned nudging Harry from behind.Harry blinked and shot his friend a sheepish look before knocking smartly on the door and stepping back to wait.He had a million thoughts running through his mind as he wondered what Jessica was about to tell them. And from the looks on his friend's faces he knew they too had many things on their minds.The door opened and Harry found himself fighting to keep a blush off his face as his embarrassment returned full force when he saw Mrs. Lock had come to greet them. She was a kind woman, with long brown hair and Jessica's metallic blue eyes."Ah, you're all here. Please come in." Mrs. Lock said stepping back and allowing the friends entrance into her home. "Jessica's in the dining room, I believe you know where that is Harry, perhaps you could take your friends in." she couldn't resist teasing the boy knowing he was still mortified about what had happened, she loved seeing how many shades of red he could turn. To her amusement the raven haired boy turned four shades before managing to get his embarrassment under control."Of course Mrs. Lock, I don't mind taking them in." he said politely before adding, "oh shut it, all of you." to his friends, who were snickering, when they were down the hall and his girlfriends mother was out of ear shot.Throwing them his best glare he pushed the dining room door open partly and snuck a look around it, seeing Jessica seated at the table he gave her a small smile, "Alright to come in?" When she waved him in he held the door for the others and waited until they were all in before shutting the door.Harry frowned in concern when he noticed Jessica grimacing as his friend's entered and seeing the slightly hurt looks on his friend's faces, he knew they had noticed it too.Biting his lip gently he opened his inner eye and prepared to take a good look at Jessica. Harry had, on his birthday, discovered that he had the ability to see a person's aura. When he had gone to Greg and told him about the strange colored waves he could see coming off people, his mentor had explained that though it was rare among normal wizards it was not rare for one, or both, Mystic Knight partners to develop the ability. Greg said that he himself had had the ability and had taught Harry how to differentiate between the different colors he saw, and also taught the Gryffindor how to close it off so he wouldn't become disorientated in large crowds of people.After practicing for many weeks Harry was able to not only see the persons aura but he was also able to distinguish what they were feeling at the time if the emotion was strong enough.As he took a seat next to the others Harry focused on Jessica. Her aura, like his own, was made up of three colors Gold, Silver and the purest white imaginable; it was the aura of a Mystic Knight. However when he took a closer look Harry was also able to discern feelings of tension and pain, as if she was trying to block something out, and failing."Are you ok?" the green eyed boy questioned gently, closing his inner eye to block out her and everyone else's auras again. If he kept it open to long it started to give him a headache."Ya," Jessica answered as she gently began messaging her temples the discomfort not leaving her face. "I know you guys believe I'm avoiding you and I think you deserve to know thatwell, I am. But not for the reasons you think." She added quickly seeing their hurt expressions again."Oh," Ron snapped obviously upset by her admission, "and how would you know what we're thinking."Jessica smiled an odd smile as if amused by the comment, "Your thinking that you've done something wrong, that you've angered me somehow. Well you haven't.""So what, you're a mind reader now," Ron said hotly ignoring Hermione and Harry's attempts at shushing him.To their surprise Jessica laughed, although it sounded rather pained, "Why yes, I am."Ron sputtered and promptly shut up. Harry and Draco exchanged looks as if to say 'She's not serious is she?'"You're not serious are you?" Ginny asked taking the words right out of the boy's mouths, looking just as gob smacked as her brother as she leaned back heavily in her chair.Jessica sighed looked at each of her friends faces, all showing various degrees of alarm, before answering, "Unfortunately I'm very serious, I started noticing I was able to hear other peoples thoughts a couple of weeks ago""About the same time you stopped visiting with us." Hermione interrupted her mind already beginning to fit the pieces together."Yes," Jessica agreed, "when I first heard them I didn't know what the heck was going on, but I noticed the voices got louder and more jumbled when I was around you guys and trying to ignore to all those voices usually gave me splitting headaches. So I went to Greg and he explained that I was beginning to develop a new talent; the ability to hear other people's thoughts. Unfortunately since our powers were activated so much earlier than they should have been I'm not able to control it the way the Mystic Knights before me could. They could turn it on and off at will but the best I can manage is to turn it down somewhat so is not quite so overwhelming. Unfortunately I can't turn it down enough to make much of a difference.""That's why you've been avoiding us, because our thoughts assaulted you and increased your pain." Hermione stated."Yes, with Greg's help I'm now able to be in the same room with you lot without keeling over." She joked."How come being with Harry doesn't affect you?" Draco drawled narrowing his eyes in thought."It's because he's a Mystic Knight right," Ginny said shrewdly, "his thoughts are somehow automatically blocked from you, right?""According to Greg, yes. I'm not sure how it works, though." The girl said tiredly."Bloody hell," Ron muttered finally able to shake himself from his surprised stupor, "you mean to tell me that you can hear the thoughts of everyone around you all the time!?"Smiling somewhat sadly the Gryffindor nodded her black and pink hair bouncing gently on her shoulders, "Makes sleeping difficult sometimes, let me tell you.""I'll have to be careful what I think around you from now on," the red head muttered."I won't go around telling everyone's secrets, Ron; you should know me better than that." Jessica said a slight frown returning to her face.Ron shook his head impatiently, "I'm not worried about that so much as other thoughts I might have."A full blown smile adorned Jessica's face for the first time that night, as her eyes grew wide and teasing, "You mean like the thought you're having now?"Ron sputtered again and cursed himself as he felt his ears grow warm, he was sure she had somehow tricked him into thinking what he was.Deciding to give her friend a break she changed the subject ignoring the demands of the others to tell them just what is was that Ron was thinking to turn him so red."So how was shopping today?"I will try to update regularly provided I get enough interest so make sure to review.No flames please remember I'm not a professional LOL.Cheers!
