Author's note: buckle up; this is going to be a long journey.Snape smirked at the faint shape under the duvet in the dark room, the fabric slowly moving with the pattern of slumbering breaths. He reached to slide a hand under the cover in search for her bare skin, tracing along the dip of her spine.It had only been a few months since the young witch initiated their first embarrassing and awkward tryst, both knowing it was a mistake soon after; each avoiding the others eye as they straightened up from roughly coupling on his classroom desk. Snape thereafter repeatedly broke his own personal promise not to indulge again; but her forward and crude attitude always seemed to intrigue him.Snape grabbed the witch's hair and pushed her face into the pillow, his erection grew hard as his hand massaged her thick curls. He had hated the dull crop that she had been sporting recently because of her temporary inability to morph. He was pleased to discover that her gift had returned, when he gripped her hair and felt it was different. Snape ran his free hand from her hip, testing to see if her shape was also different; he growled when he stroked down the side of her ribs to the swell of her hips, welcoming her new shape. Instinctively he pushed his groin into her round behind. The witch struggled when his finger entered her, he squeezed and pulled the soft curls tighter from her scalp, this new dainty and delicate body continued to wriggle under his weight as he pushed her into the bed.Snape smirked when the witch's hand hit the glass when he thrusted hard into her tight body."Quit the hysterics, Nymphadora."Snape could feel her wetness stretch as he slowly ground his cock inside, enjoying the tight tug, each time he pushed back inside. He bit her shoulder hard when he heard her moan, quickly pushing her head deeper into the pillow, not wanting to hear her annoying voice. The witch disobeyed and started thumping the bed with her fists and feet. Snape cast his restraining spell, biting her earlobe as he watched her thin wrists stretch and be tied by the black rope. Her new body made him ache seeing it splayed out. He pulled out fully to slam back inside her, their groins slapping each time his momentum continued.Snape pulled the witch's head back and bit the soft skin between her shoulder and neck."I'm not Nympahora." Granger panted into his ear.Hermione sat up reading in the bed that wasn't hers; the lumpy wires poking into her thighs didn't come close to her soft one back home.Earlier this morning, when Hermione was still in her own bed, she was stirred awake by the sound of her Mum calling her. Hermione walked downstairs, rubbing her tired eyes, still successfully dodging Crooks, who hopped down the few steps in front of her."You have a letter!" Her mum cooed waving the wax sealed letter in the hallway. Hermione reached and took the addressed letter, giving her mum a confused look; they both knew she hadn't received any letters all summer apart from her standing order of the Daily and Evening Prophet."It's always so exciting when they come by owl!" Her mum told her, following Hermione into the kitchen."Whose is it from?" Her dad asked, reading at the dinner table."It's from Ron, and his parents are asking if I want to spend the last two weeks of summer at theirs. They said Harry would be there too.""When were they thinking?" Her dad questioned, folding his newspaper."They said I could go today, if it's not too much trouble?" Hermione asked between bites."Ooooo does that mean Molly and Arthur are dropping by?" Her mum happily asked, looking out of the window, into the sky hoping to spot the Weasley's. She always enjoyed those interesting chats with Molly and found Arthur charmingly amusing, as he constantly questioned about their mundane household items."No, they said their eldest son, Bill and his fianc Fleur are coming" Hermione struggled to say Fleur's name in context with the Weasley's, even after reading the announcement in the back of the Prophet a few weeks back."I need to learn that trick. It would save me a small fortune when I have to pay for extra baggage after my two go duty free shopping." Hermione's dad elbowed Bill as he looked over his shoulder, his wife and daughter both excitedly talking about wedding plans with the attractive witch.Bill had just charmed Hermione's suitcase and books to miniature before dropping them into his coat pocket. Only Crooks' travelling case remained in her parents' living room, his ginger paw trying to claw at the clasp.Fleur gracefully thanked Hermione's parents for the many cups of tea and biscuits until Bill whispered quickly in his fiancs ear, eager to hurry them up. Her parents waved goodbye and watched their only daughter magically vanish with the friendly couple, a loud pop echoed as the three of them, plus the cat, disappeared.Hermione nearly threw up when her feet landed on the stone floor; steadying her feet she blinked to make sure she wasn't seeing things. "Oh, I thought we were going-""- to the Burrow? Yes we are, soon, but I promised Mad Eye we'd come here first, something about your trace being tracked." Bill said.Hermione nervously looked around the neglected kitchen at Number 12 Grimmauld Place, wishing she had asked Bill and Fleur some security questions before just agreeing to leave with the couple she was only acquainted with."It iz disgusting Bill," Fleur traced a line through the dusty worktop."There's an elf somewhere; maybe ask him to clean?" Bill turned to his fianc and gently held her hand. Hermione smiled at their embrace, deciding quickly Death Eaters couldn't possibly be capable of looking into one another's eyes like the couple in front of her.Fleur nodded, kissing her partner before opening some of the kitchen cupboards leaving Bill to start casting protective charms on each of the smeared windows."Non food!" Fleur pouted, after slamming the third cupboard."Why, how long are we planning to stay?" Hermione asked, not really wanting to stay, the house still held too many raw memories of Harry's late godfather."Moody said twenty-four hours should be enough to confuse them. You'll both be at the Burrow for breakfast tomorrow, I promise." Bill tapped Fleur's nose playfully."And don't worry about food; Mum's packed me up with enough stew for lunch and supper to last a month!"Hermione was smiled at the cute couple until they were all interrupted by Crooks crying loudly from his case."Do you want a hand with your things, Hermione?" Bill asked without really making an effort to turn away from his fianc."Erm yes, thank you, I normally stay in the third room on the right, on the second floor." Hermione told him as she slowly backed out of the kitchen, feeling awkward when the couple lightly kissed. Hermione escaped to the living room, holding Crooks' case, being completely ignored by her overnight guardians.Snuggled up with another interesting read from the bookcase behind her, Hermione sat with Crookshanks in a large worn armchair. Hermione had heard some shuffling from behind the curtains earlier and after Crooks went to investigate, revealed Kreacher. He was sneering and muttering insults at her, until Crooks chased him from the living room.Hermione was somewhat aware of the other guests in the house. Fleur was now singing away to herself somewhere in the house. Hermione did not care what the other witch was doing, as long as she stopped bothering her with personal questions about Krum and their 'just friends' relationship status. Then there was Bill. He had disappeared upstairs soon after they had arrived, apologising to them both, insisting he would be down for dinner after he completed an urgent report."Ron's looking forward to seeing you, I would say more so than Harry is." Bill grinned, ripping some bread to soak into the rich stew. "Think my little brother might have a crush"Hermione blushed, looking down into her bowl, hiding her smile."Don't Bill, you iz embarrassing her." Fleur spoke, elbowing him gently.After a lengthy fascinating conversation about Bill's work Hermione later took the couples hints that she had overstayed her welcome when she noticed Fleur's arm stroking further up Bill's leg under the table.Hermione hesitated to go back downstairs when she realised Bill must have placed her suitcase and books in the wrong room when she entered her usual but empty room. But, not wanting to ruin their new friendship by telling him nor ruin the couple's alone time so instead she decided she would locate her belongings and take them back to her preferred room.Hermione searched every room until the very last one on the first floor. In that room, she found Crookshanks already sleeping on the bed surrounded by her luggage. She decided the room wasn't that different to the one on the second floor and chose to stay in this room, not to disturb Crookshanks.Hermione's eyes began to droop after a couple of hours of reading on the uncomfortable bed. She could feel the wires poking of the bed poking in her back, and she felt jealous of Crooks who was sleeping comfortably on her lap. Hermione gave him an ear scrunch, and slowly woke him. She reached over to take a sip of water before blowing out the candle. It didn't take Crooks long before he was curled back up on her feet, both falling into a deep sleep.Someone else was in the dark room; their breathing just audible under her thundering heart beats. Hermione opened her eyes but the room was black.The bed creaked and dipped from the person's weight, Hermione looked round but her head was twisted back to lie face down into her pillow. She screamed into the pillow when fingers pushed her knickers to the side with one forcing itself inside her. The large hands didn't move as she violently wriggled her body; both her own hands strained to pull at the one hand in her knickers, but her curls were twisting at the roots as the other large hand pushed her deeper into the pillow, making her muffled screams nearly choke her from the closeness of the fabric.Hermione waved her left hand out to the bedside table; reaching for anything. Her fingertips nudged her wand but her wrist was pulled back quickly before her head was pushed back down into the pillow. She screamed when she heard her wand roll onto the floor with a light thud. Again her left arm darted out; this time she touched her empty glass, just close enough for her clammy fingers to nudge.Thin lipped kisses and wet bites sucked her neck, the intruder's hand that had been inside her was now pinching her right nipple. The glass smashed on the floor, hiding her loudest scream from the burn she felt from being raped."Quit the hysterics, Nymphadora."Professor Snape. His trademark drawl echoed in Hermione's ear."I'm not-" Hermione's strangled plea, only a millimetre above her pillow was cut short as her head was once again pushed hard into the pillow, his fist gripping her curls.Her wrists and ankles were pulled out. She strained to see the black rope that was wrapping around her right wrist, pulling both arms out towards the bedpost. The pace had picked up; inside she burnt from being stretched and opened. She felt like a puppet being tied from her wrists and ankles, he pulled her up by the hair to bite her neck, but he was unaware he had allowed her the chance to speak."I'm not Nympahora!" She shouted.His thrusts stopped.She felt him twitch inside before sudden discomfort as he pulled out.The bed creaked as he moved away from her. Hermione quickly scrunched herself up, closing her eyes shut. Her bare legs were covered from the cold air, he must have pulled up the duvet which was now just over her shoulders; her hand trembled as she pulled the duvet higher to cover her head."Miss Granger?"Hermione heard her professor deeply inhale and exhale, the floor creaking as he paced the room. "I'm I w-will -" His authoritative deep tone sounded odd, as he stumbled to speak.Hermione opened her eyes, she hadn't heard him move or talk for some time, and slowly she turned under her duvet and peaked through a gap to her left. Her tall professor was sitting on the floor, resting his head on his arms leaning on his sharp knees. She quickly moved back deeper under the duvet after sensing he knew she was watching."You will not speak to anyone about this."Hermione closed her eyes as soon as she heard him speak. Her stomach flipped when there was a quick tugging feeling inside her. She presumed that he had just cast a contraceptive charm over her; in seconds the uncomfortable feeling was gone."I will ruin your reputation if you even hint to what has happened," his voice now thick with hate.Hermione heard the floorboards creak again, he must have stood, the bedroom door open and closed. Hermione gasped for air and peaked under the duvet again, this time into an empty room. She held her breath after noticing his shadow still standing on the other side of the door. He stood for no longer than a minute before walking away.Hermione rushed from the bed, moving her books and dragging to pull the high back chair under the door handle, testing to make sure the room was secure. Hermione stood back to stare at the barricaded door, and slowly walked backwards until her bare legs hit the bed. She bent down to pick up her misplaced wand, bursting into tears from seeing herself naked from the waist down.Snape stood outside the bedroom; fighting with himself whether or not to walk back in and obliviate the girl. But, Albus' voice replayed in his memory, stating that the girl's vast knowledge was vital, and one slight slip with her mind would undoubtedly cause his thinly layered plan to crumple.Snape covered his face with his hands, flinching when he smelt the girl's personal scent. Dropping his arms sharply he re-arranged his travelling cloak, clipped tightly under his collar. The black fabric trailed behind him down the stairs, through the hallway and out to the street. Snape took a quick glance to the house before he pivoted and apparated from the pavement.Hermione held Fleur's hand and prepared herself for the magical pull before arriving outside The Burrow. Her jaw was aching from constantly smiling at Bill and Fleur who cheerfully spoke to her over breakfast, unable to speak for fear of bursting into tears, luckily her answers only required a simple nod or smile.All night, through to the early hours, Hermione sat on the hard bed wrapped in her duvet, her wand aimed at the closed bedroom door. It wasn't until Crooks gently pawed at her hand to alert her it was time for food did Hermione collected the items needed from her case; clean clothes, toothbrush and soap before nervously running out of her bedroom to the nearest bathroom. Hermione caught her reflection in the mirror as she undressed; fortunately the cracked glass distorted her chance to catch her appearance."Mione!" The front door flew open with Ginny and, a much taller Ron, rushing towards her. Hermione backed away with panic, her odd reaction unnoticed as she was hugged tightly by both friends."Hello dear, come - come on in" stood Mrs Weasley, short and plump waving her in from the front door. "Put her down Ron!" Mrs Weasley shouted, causing Bill to wolf-whistle and messing up his little brother's hair."Harry will be here tomorrow night, late Mum reckons. Says Dumbledore's taking him on a secret task," Ron was speaking quickly, making sure he was ticking off the imaginary list he had accumulated, waiting all summer to update her "- but she won't say anything else, nor Dad, I think it's something to do with the 'Prophecy', you know everyone thinks Harry's 'The Chosen One', what d'you think?"They were both sat outside in the afternoon sun behind the tool shed, Ron had walked Hermione outside to show off his new, but second-hand broom. He sensed something was wrong soon after, especially when she slid down the shed wall to sit cross legged. Asking if she was ok, and with no reply Ron then started again with his flurried reel of information."Hmmm?" Hermione smiled when she heard Harry's name. "What was that?""Do you think Harry's 'The Chosen One'?" Ron repeated, looking over his shoulder to make sure no one overheard.Hermione blinked away her thoughts and shook her head."No, I hope not, he can't be""Yeah, hopefully it's wrong." Ron pulled at some grass to rip it from the ground."D'you think he's coping okay?""Mmmm, maybe, even I'm still struggling to sleep, must be a hundred times worse for Harry." Hermione pulled her legs up to hug them and rest her chin on her jean covered knee."Yeah, I keep getting nightmares too, back with those gross brains and all the Death Eaters, plus -" Ron noticed Hermione shiver. "anyway, how was your summer?" He quickly tried changing the subject.Hermione straightened her back; her stomach flipped, scared she would throw up from Ron's innocent question. "Erm, I'm going to see if Ginny wants any help," Hermione stood suddenly and walked off, leaving Ron confused by her hasty exit.Hermione bit hard onto the towel and screamed. It was just after lunch and she was already crippled by another panic attack."Mione, you ok?"Hermione ripped the towel from her mouth when she heard Ginny's concern."Yeah fine, I'll be down soon""Are you sure, thought I heard you shout?""No nope, not me." Hermione lied, forcing her voice to sound chirpy."Ok, see you downstairs."Hermione watched Ginny's shadow walk away from under the door, she suddenly jerked back when she caught her own reflection looking back from the mirror hanging on the back of the bathroom door. Hermione quickly looked away, grasped the door handle and left to follow Ginny."Arthur, now how can I make plans when you're never home on time?"Mrs Weasley led Mr Weasley into the dining room. She had left the dinner table, muttering to herself for having to answer her own husband's knocks on his own front door."Molly, it's just a difficult time at the moment. I promise to make  Ah Hermione! What a nice surprise!" Mr Weasley's voice went up a notch when he spotted her sitting in between Ginny and Ron."Hello Mr Weasley."Mrs Weasley watched and smiled politely as Hermione waved at her husband before turning to him, scowling and continuing their talk "- well I've made plans regardless. Remus is coming for dinner the Saturday after next, Harry's birthday, and you better be home at a reasonable time, Arthur."Everyone started digging into their food. All day Hermione's appetite had abandoned her but the fuss and fear from Mrs Weasley questioning her missed three meals scared her more than the sick feeling in her stomach.Crooks balanced on the bath's edge; he had been staring at his owner for a while now, first he sat curled up on the closed toilet seat before moving to the fluffy bath mat on the tiled floor but now he wanted attention and maybe even a treat.Hermione jumped when Crooks shook his wet paw after he daringly dipped it to test the water, jerking her from mentally re-living last night again. Hermione quickly stood splashing cold water over the bath tub. She reached for her towel, the last she remembered the water was steaming hot. Crooks meowed and walked in between his owner's legs, both making wet foot prints to Ginny's room."You're with Dean now, what happened with Chris?" Hermione asked, trying to tackle a brush through her wet curls, she was sat on Ginny's bed, beside the red head who was flicking through a magazine."It wasn't working out so I finished it anyway, Dean's been sending me really cute letters saying how much he can't wait till school starts, to be with me." Ginny rolled over onto her back and sighed from the thought of her new romance."Does Ron know?"Ginny pouted at Hermione for ruining the mood."Yes, he read one of my letters only two days into the holidays, gave me a right mouthful about going through boys too quickly - " Ginny rolled back onto her stomach. "-all because he hasn't got any luck."Hermione secretly agreed with Ron, the younger girl beside her did seem to be moving quickly with boys. Hermione wondered if Ginny would also lose her virginity by the end of term. At least Ginny would have a say in it, Hermione thought bitterly.Crooks woke with a start when his owner threw her duvet back. Hermione couldn't sleep and instead of listening to Ginny's irritating snores, she decided to get up and venture downstairs for a drink."I've tried Molly, I went to see him this morning but he said something's happened, saying he made a mistake and that he's still too dangerous." Tonks sulked leaning over her mug, her back to the kitchen door with Hermione stood in the doorway."Hermione, dear? Are you ok?" Mrs Weasley asked, turning in her seat with a soft smile, holding Tonks' hand in hers who was sat beside her."Sorry I didn't mean to... I just wanted a drink?" Hermione nervously spoke. Mrs Weasley stood and beckoned her to follow over to the sink. Hermione moved around the kitchen as if Tonks was a wild lion, about to pounce at any given moment."Milk alright, dear?" Mrs Weasley asked. Hermione nodded, still keeping the corner of her eye trained on Tonks."Here we are" Hermione took the tall glass of milk that had just appeared with a pop. Mrs Weasley gently pressed Hermione's back, politely pushing her back to the kitchen door."Take it up to bed with you, dear." She ordered smiling at Hermione as she closed the door until it clicked shut.Hermione didn't wait around, not wanting to overhear Tonks talking about Snape, she rushed upstairs to the bathroom instead of Ginny's bedroom. Another panic attack was creeping up, resulting in her crying into a towel for a quarter of an hour until she felt tired enough to try and attempt to sleep."Hermione wake up! Harry's here!"Hermione didn't need be woken; she had been awake all through the night staring up at the ceiling. She turned over in the bed that Ginny had offered (the red head had slept in a sleeping bag on the floor).Ginny was standing with her arm on her hip, fully dressed in jeans and a T-shirt, holding out a similar outfit for Hermione. After both girls were dressed and freshened up, they walked quickly to the twin's old room. Awkwardly they met Ron in the hall. The three of them hesitated on who should knock or open Harry's door but Ron and Ginny both moved at the same time, bursting into the bedroom.Hermione made a promise to herself to try and push that horrific night away and focus on being brave for Harry. She soon felt selfish for worrying over the incident after Harry told them the truth of his 'Prophecy'. Harry was given only seconds to wake up before he was prompted to answer their questions; he confirmed their speculations over his bleak future as well as showing them he was coping after they skirted over the topic of Sirius.The four of then rushed downstairs to the kitchen after Harry declared their OWLs should be arriving today."Owls - look three of them!" Hermione pushed Ginny out of the way to watch the three tiny specks come closer, flying towards the kitchen window.Hermione didn't care about anything at that moment, apart from her results, forgetting all about that night, she actually felt normal for ten seconds reading her results."How did you do?" Ron asked mockingly."Erm ok, I suppose." Hermione spoke quietly."Let's see... oh just ok! You have ten 'Outstandings' and one 'Exceeds Expectations!" Ron laughed looking over her shoulder.Hermione wanted eleven 'Outstandings'; her Defense Against the Dark Arts result was the only subject causing the 'should be' perfect results to be imperfect. Her eyes kept glancing down to the subjects lower on her paper, as if looking at it was like looking at the Professor who taught it. The word 'Potions' now sounded forbidden in her mind. The crippling thought of attending her first N.E.W.T Potions class made the empty sick feeling in her stomach creep back in.Author's note: Reviews please! Big thanks to my beta 'SearchingForThatBlueBox'
