NOTE: This story is a sequel to Dangerous and Deadly Lord Voldemort. Please read that story before trying to read this one. You can find that story by clicking the 'Kevin3' link at the top to get to my profile page, then finding 'Dangerous and Deadly Lord Voldemort' in the stories section.Chapter 1  First Day with an Old FriendHogwarts was full of tradition; one of the time-honored of those rituals was the rule-breaking on the first night, where every truly curious soul snuck out in the middle of the night to explore the castle.Where would you go? Maybe a risky jaunt into the Forbidden Forest  what's Hogwarts if not a good place to bend the rules? Or perhaps the Hogwarts Library, where you could get a chance to read up on all the cool new spells you'll be learning? Possibly into one of the dark and myserious dungeons waiting to be delved by a fresh and curious explorer?William Cartwright Jr. managed to set out for a destination that nobody had ever chosen before: He was sneaking out to visit Moaning Myrtle.Any Hogwarts veteran could've warned him as to what he was about to walk into. As soon as Willaim first stepped into the abandoned bathroom, the waterworks began. A sniffling pout for a few seconds, followed by full crying. The tone alone would make a person flinch and think about running for safety.Oho, but that was not the end.Dear lord, no. That bawling was merely the equivalent of a rattlesnake's tail. As bad as her crying was, it was just a warning to run and if you weren't wise enough to flee during those first few precious seconds, you would inevitably be faced with the most pain-inducing punishment known to wizard-kind: "Story Time with Moaning Myrtle."Myrtle's voice cut through the bathroom with a nasally whine, with a pitch that rattled both tile and bone. What she told wasn't even really a story  it was more like a long-winded, drama-ridden, angst-packed turd told in complete stream-of-consciousness. Will listened as she went from topic to horrible topic  her story had it all: puberty, dead pets, failed classes, an untimely death, and the worst feminine problems.Really, it simply wasn't possible to tell a yarn more likely to drive a person running from the bathroom at top speed, never daring to return.Which, of course, was why Myrtle was doing it.Ten minutes later, William's strange reaction to her antics finally brought Myrtle up short. "Well," she screeched. "What are you still doing here? And why are you smiling?""I liked your story.""W what?!""It was very nice  it made me feel better about how my own day went."Myrtle's jaw fell a little.Will twisted a knife a bit further. "Is it okay if I come by here regularly? It's nice to meet a friend I can spend time with and talk about stuff with. What's your name?"This this had never happened before. What was Myrtle supposed to do now? Double down on the routine? She'd used up her best material already (what 11-year old boy wouldn't run when the subject of menstruation came up?!) Switch gears? Flat out disappear? Just her luck  the one person that ended up being able to tolerate her antics had to be the dopiest person she'd ever met. The boy looked like a slavering puppy-dog, if not quite as smart. She ended up simply replying, "Myrtle. Moaning Myrtle.""Well, Myrtle," Will said, "I think I'm going to be stopping by here each week  no, each day  so we can spend more time together."Wait something wasn't right. His mask slipped just a tiny bit, and she could tell that some sort of joke was at work here.Will and Myrtle looked at each other for a few seconds. Myrtle's face slowly grew suspicious and slightly angry. Will grinned. "I pushed it too far with that 'each day' phrase, didn't I?""Are you making fun of me?" Myrtle pouted, falling back into her stand-by. Maybe it's not too late to drive him off"Oh, go for it," Will urged. "I'd love to hear another tale. Is this one going to feature pimples, how your grandmother died, and maybe something about bad gossip? Oooh  maybe you add in something about your""Who Are You?" Myrtle interrupted loudly."I'm sorry," Will answered. "I should have introduced myself when I came in but I really wanted to meet you and see your routine as soon as possible."Myrtle's face blanched. Who how how could this kid know about her 'act'? "Who are you?" she repeated."My name, my dear lady, is William Cartwright Junior."Myrtle blinked. And slowly smiled."You know," she said with a predatory grin, "I was beginning to worry that Hogwarts was becoming a bit boring"Please ReviewThis story will be roughly the same length as its predecessor. Chapters will be posted roughly each week.
