No child should ever live without a father figure in their life. Calista, Ariana, Catarina and Scorpius had to. Children of Draco Malfoy and Hermione Weasley nee Granger. He left them all for Astoria, six years ago. He betrayed them. He broke them. He doesn't even talk to them. And the only thing that was able to fix Hermione was Fred Weasley, who she married after Draco. Although it didn't fix the children. Catarina being the youngest, wasn't hurt at all. She started to love Fred like her own dad, but the other three children were hurt, they still are. Calista was probably hurt the most, her life became dull and sad she started to cut herself and nothing stopped her, not even Hermione, she started to wear black and only black, she pierced her face and dyed her hair black and navy. But even after Hermione married Fred, she loved Draco, more than anything in the world, and that didn't stop her from seeing him even when they were both married. Hermione would never forgive herself if Fred had found out so when Hermione became pregnant with Draco she pretended she had to go to work to Australia and give birth to the baby there so no one would find out, not even Draco, she then gave the little baby girl Emma to one of her dearest friends, Luna, who couldn't have children. Later she explained to Draco that she couldn't cheat on Fred and simply left the man she only loved. Now six later when Emma is thirteen, and Draco and Hermione lost contact, Draco finds out about her. What will happen in their lives? What is Fred's secret?A/N: It might be confusing so: Hermione was married to Draco, they had four kids. They divorced. Hermione married. She cheated on her current husband with Draco and became pregnant. She gave the baby daughter Emma to Luna Lovegood. After 7 years Draco married to Astoria, and she didn't let him see his kids (Emma was also 7 but Draco didn't know since she was at the Lovegoods house ). Draco finds his daughter, Emma that Hermionee gave away six years later.
