AN: Hi guys! So, I've been in such a Harry Potter mood lately, well actually probably more of a Draco Malfoy mood :P, but all of the Fanfics I've started never got finished! D; So, I decided to write one on an idea I've had for awhile! I hope you guys all enjoy this chapter and review with ideas or comments or anything your heart desires! I already have the first couple of chapters written for this so, please please please, review! The more you review the faster I'll upload I promise! And, I also promise to actually finish this story for you if you do decide to read this! I know, I'm just too kind ;D ENJOY! Oh, & also, I am not J.K. Rowling so I unfortunately do not own a lot of the things in this story, except for a few! Oh, & another thing! My chapters will usually be written in a character POV! Like this chapter is written in Draco's! Ok, now you can ENJOY! Draco POVThe crispness of orange and yellow leaves in the air along with the slight breeze coming from the Great Black Lake on the south side of the castle made for a lovely midday Thursday. The school year had just begun and everyone was finally beginning to get back into the swing of things back at Hogwarts, but for myself, that hadn't been a problem-I was putting muggles in their place upon arrival for my fourth year at the school.I squinted as a small gust tussled my blonde hair, funny to think how the year prior my hair was too slicked back with copious amounts of gel to be moved by the most powerful tornado, now it felt soft as it lay against my forehead. That wasn't all that had changed about my appearance either, my skinny built had turned to solid muscle and I was taller than my mum now. Nonetheless, my personality remained the same- rude, cocky, and stubborn- just as it had been my first three years.Unfortunately, the changes did not quit there. My father, Lucius Malfoy, had struck up a deal with the Parkinson family. I was to date their daughter in my year, Pansy. Just thinking of her made me shudder. Our families, both of pureblood and both having the most upmost respect for the Dark Lord, figured that forcing us to date would be the best way to prevent us from interacting with mudbloods. Upon hearing this I was furious that my family would think I'd even consider ever talking to a dirty blood nonetheless being involved with one romantically, but I could do nothing about the Pansy situation-if I ever doubted my father's wishes, there would be hell to pay.Pansy, however, was absolutely ecstatic upon having to enter her fourth year at Hogwarts with me as her boyfriend, who also just so happened to be her childhood crush. I, on the other hand, despised her. She was the most conceited, pompous, annoying individual I have ever met. I tried not to let my disdain towards her show, but every now and again there'd be a slip up. She wasn't all that bad, I suppose, she was an easy hook up and that could always come in handy. She also acted absolutely oblivious to the other girls I hooked up with while we were 'dating' which was also a plus.Students, including myself, were milling around the courtyard awaiting their next class. I slumped down on the stone bench I was occupying and yawned, bored. I looked around for someone I could play with.A few minutes passed and the courtyard population began to dwindle down until I was the only one left. My next class was Potions and Professor Snape adored me, I had no reason to worry about tardiness. After waiting for awhile I was beginning to give up on my little conquest to have some fun before class when a redheaded boy in hand me-down clothes and 'the boy who lived' ran across the yard, obviously running late.I smirked, "Potter and Weasley." I shouted across to them, they stopped in their tracks, "You do realize I missed you both so much over the summer holiday?"Weasley looked at me obviously confused, "Really?""Eat slugs Malfoy" Potter sneered at me.I reached into my robe, slowly removing my wand, "You know Potter, that's an awful way to speak to a friend." My wand was fully removed now, "Mobilicorpus!" I shouted at them. Harry grabbed Ron's arm and ran off, I thought my spell would've missed, but what I didn't notice was the person who ran through the courtyard a couple seconds after Harry and Ron ran off, my spell hit them full force levitating them off the ground for a couple of seconds before they plummeted hard to the cold, hard ground.Just my luck, I was alone in the courtyard with a person I just injured and by now most definitely late to Potions class. I weighed my options of what I should do and decided to drop them off in the hospital wing acting as if I found them this way, I loved pretending to be a good person around the stupid people who ran this school. It also would be a good way to get Snape to forget my tardiness.I approached the small limp body and realized I had hit a girl about my own age that was actually in Slytherin house too. Weird, I didn't recognize her; I make it a point to sniff out everyone in my house to see whether or not they were blood traitors. Maybe she was a first year, but she looked almost my age? Does Hogwarts have transfer students? I pushed these thoughts to the side and lifted her body into my arms. She was a small girl, but as I cradled her in my arms I unintentionally felt complimenting curves, she felt surprisingly nice, though I'd never admit it out loud. Her long, blonde hair trickled softly against my neck and her face looked smooth like porcelain.I stopped admiring the stranger and started to make my way to the hospital wing. I had only made it down the corridor when I began to feel her move in my arms slightly. I gulped; nervous to come face to face with my victim, but the hospital wing was still a ways away. I propped her up against a wall and kneeled next to her, waiting expectantly.Her head tossed and turned for a few seconds before she coughed softly into her small fist. Her eyes fluttered open, and stared straight into mine. I was taken aback at this. Her eyes, were the most brilliant shade of green, I had never seen a thing in my life quite like it. They were two perfect emerald orbs that twinkled ever so slightly. Not to mention the long black eyelashes encasing them. She blinked at me waiting for me to say something, and then she looked down at her wrist. I hadn't notice before, but from the fall she had a big bloody gash."Merlin's beard." I muttered softly.She reached into her robe with her un-bloody hand and pulled out her wand, I watched in amazement, "Episkey." She said softly as she tapped the injury with her wand, I watched in amazement as it vanished. I looked at her, she looked at me. I faltered slightly before clearing my throat, "You okay?"She nodded."You performed that spell quite well; you can't even tell there was ever anything there, no scar, nothing!"She gave me a half smile, "My mother's a healer, I know tons of spells like that.""That's brilliant," I smiled at her, "What was your name?""Ivy. Ivy Strout."I extended my hand to shake, "I'm Dra-""Draco Malfoy. You're Draco Malfoy." She finished for me.I was a little taken aback, but not by much. Everyone knew who I was at Hogwarts whether it was from my father or just from my notorious personality or maybe because every girl in the school adored me. "Yeah, I am. So, are you new here or-? Cause I haven't seen you around ever."She faltered a little, "I've been in all of your classes since our first year, Malfoy""What?" I heard myself say a loud, had she really? How did I not realize? I would've remembered those eyes. Or that silk looking hair. Or her soft skinI became so entranced in thought that I hadn't realize her begin to get up, she started to walk off, before I snapped out of it.I ran after her and grabbed her wrist, turning back into my normal, rough self. "How dare you walk away from me like that? We hadn't finished our conversation, anyone ever teach you manners?"She looked at me first, with a fire in her eyes, then down at her wrist that I still held tightly, her appearance softened and her cheeks turned pink, "Sorry"I let go of her wrist, confused by the sudden change in character. "No, it's fine. I, uh, just wanted to make sure you were okay. I mean you hit the ground pretty hard. I don't know who shot that spell at you, but I mean I don't think they had intended it to be for you anyway""Malfoy, you don't have to act dumb, I know it was you."My mouth subconsciously parted a little at her bluntness, "No. Why would you think-?""Because you're a bully, Malfoy, everyone knows that." She blurted but, upon realizing what she said, shut her mouth, shook her head, and shrugged it off. "Now if you'll excuse me, you've already made me quite tardy for Potions class."She pushed past me slightly and quickly sauntered off. I was stunned for multiple reasons. I was stunned that I had hit this girl with my spell meant for Potter & Weasley, stunned at how nice she felt in my arms, stunned at her glowing green eyes, stunned at the fact I had never seen her before in my life, yet she had been in all of my classes while at Hogwarts, stunned at the audacity she had to call me a bully, really stunned at how much the insult I'd usually take for a compliment hurt my feelings, but most of all stunned I had let the bloody girl talk to me like that and get away with it.I tried to shake all these feelings off and likewise began making my way to potions class. I wanted to see Ivy through my own eyes in this class. Maybe I could show her much of a bully I could really be. Ivy Strout had begun to dig her own grave in my book, but if she keeps looking at me with those damn eyes, I might have trouble shoveling the dirt on top of herHope you all enjoyed, make sure to leave a comment! Oh, and the picture for the chapter is of Ivy or of my vision of her! Thanks for reading guys! :)
