I can't breathe. I feel as if I'm suffocating. I have to get out of here. The war is finally over. Families have been torn apart. Fighting and being on the run for the past year has left me drained. I'm just standing here, silent and still, an empty shell that is supposed to be Hermione Granger. I'm no longer the brightest witch of my age.Arms suddenly surround me and spin me around. Before I know what's happening, my wand is pointed at his face. "Are you trying to get yourself killed Ronald!" I couldn't control the anger rising from my voice. My hand starts shaking violently and the fear on his face was more than I could stand. I turn around and start running. The whole family was standing nearby and saw the whole ordeal. The fear in Gin's eyes hurt me the most.I'm running as fast as I can. I have no idea where I'm going but I know I have to get out of here. I can't face him; I can't face anyone right now. My legs have taken me to what's left of the Astronomy tower. The view breaks my heart. My beloved school and second home is in ruins."Bloody hell!" Ron shakes his head in disbelief. Ginny comes up to stand beside him. "Did you see what happened just now?" he asks her. "All I did was hug her. Next thing I know, her wand is in my face, she's screaming at me, and then running off. What the hell!""Stay and help mom out. I'll go find her," Ginny tries to reassure him. She has no idea where Hermione is. There are a million places she could have run to and probably only half of those are now accessible due to the chaos and destruction.The tower was only half as tall as it once was. Rubble lies everywhere I look. Somehow I've ended up on what's left of the ledge and looking down around me. Dark thoughts enter my head and I contemplate taking that final step. This is what's left of me. I am broken and beaten; an empty shell of who I once was. What was the purpose of this damn war if I was feeling like this? I thought I would feel free when it was over. I am still standing dangerously close to the edge when I hear a small rock fall. I turn around in the direction the sound came from and my heart lifts a little."Mione." It was barely a whisper but it reached my ears. My heart swells just a bit before blackness consumes me.Ginny had never been more thankful for her quick reflexes due to playing Quidditch. She was able to catch Hermione before she hit the ground. Not quite knowing what to do she sent her patronus off to Madame Pomfrey. Gin knew better at this point than try to take Hermione back herself. She needed to keep the older girl away from prying eyes and that seemed to especially include her brother.Tears were streaming down her face, sobs trying to erupt from her throat. "Stay with me Mione. I can't lose you too." She held the girl tightly in her arms until help arrived.A/N: I apologize for the bad formatting this had. I didn't realize it was all run together.
