Delaney's POVI stepped on the platform. You see I was a witch on my way to Hogwarts. I surveyed the busy crowd full of returning and new students for my two best friends."Delaney!" my friend Willa yelled."Hey Willa."She was the descendent of the famous muggle animator Walt Disney. We had met in muggle primary school when I was five and she was six. She was exactly eleven months older than me."Hello, Delaney." Her father greeted me."Hi Mr. Disney.""Hey isn't that Trevor?" Willa asked referring to our friend Neville's toad."Yes, it is." I said walking over and scooping him up."Hey girls." The only male in our trio greeted smiling."Hey Neville." Willa greeted."Hey Nev." I smiled back. I was a lot closer to Neville than Willa was so we had our nicknames for each other."Is that Trevor?" He asked."Yes, it is.""Thanks for finding him, I thought I had lost him.""No problem, he actually found us." I said handing him Trevor as his mum joined us.Neville was a pureblood but his family didn't agree with blood purity. If he did he wouldn't be able to associate with us since I'm a half-blood and Willa is a muggleborn. I've explained how I know Willa but I knew Neville through my dad since he went to school with Neville's parents and used to work with them until Neville and I were just over a year old. The train whistled and we said goodbye to our respective parents and boarded the train."I'm so excited!" Willa exclaimed.Neville and I looked at each other. Willa was outgoing enough for the both of us since we were rather quiet. I'm rather bookish but I do get more outgoing as you get to know me. Neville was quite shy as well but if he's around people he cares about he's quite talkative."We should find a compartment first." Neville said."How about this one?" Willa said walking into an empty compartment.Neville and I nodded in compliance and sat down."Mind if we sit here, everywhere is full." A bushy haired brunette girl asked."Sure, go ahead." I answered.She nodded and walked in with a boy with messy black hair, emerald green eyes and glasses.
