HoodedSpellcaster is proud to present her first Harry Potter fanfiction of all times...'SLYTHERIN PRIDE, HUFFLEPUFF PREJUDICE'...THE FIRST YEARA/N: This isn't a typical Harry Potter OC story. First of all I didn't want to create a Mary Sue to fall in love with already existing character, and secondly I wanted my story to take place during the second generation (so I could use Albus, Rose, and Scorpius as well) instead of the nineties. So I created a character called Alistair who had nothing to do with Harry Potter and started writing a story around him. Later I got the idea about a character I started to call Ven and the real plot began to form. I'm probably going to write about all their seven years so tag along with me, mates. Let's start with the first year.First Year Summary: In 2006 two boys were born into two different families but they were destined to meet at Hogwarts eleven years later. Meet Ven Zabini and Alistair Nott who can be as different as night and day and follow their story about how they grow up in the most magnificent School of Witchcraft and Wizardry with their friends and begin learning about magic.TO READ THE SECOND YEAR JUMP TO THE CHAPTER 11TO READ THE THIRD YEAR JUMP TO THE CHAPTER 21Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or anything related to it. Recognizable characters and parts of the Harry Potter story line belong to J.K. Rowling and Warner Bros. respectively. I don't make any profit by writing this. Thank you.Chapter 1. Letters from HogwartsSomewhere in Gloucester, near to the city of Bristol stood proudly a manor, old and prestige, which had acres of luscious gardens and fields around itself. It was inviting, tantalizing even, but for a reason the people of Gloucester avoided the manor as well as they could.There was rumours about its inhabitants. Weird things about why they avoided people, why no one usually even saw them outside the manor.The manor belonged to wizards. There lived the Zabinis, an Italian pureblood family.It hadn't a surprise Mrs Zabini had moved to her summer residence in Tuscany when she had managed to marry off her only child to a daughter of a renowned Italian wizard family. Maria Amell, the younger sister Bella Amell who had been valued for her looks in Southern Wizarding Europe in the late nineties, had just graduated from Beauxbatons before her arranged marriage with Blaise Zabini in 2001. And like many other pureblood marriages the union between Blaise and Maria had been built on hunger for wealth and power. That had left newlywed Blaise and Maria alone in the manor for five years until Maria had had enough of angry howlers she was receiving from her mother-in-law.The library door opened with a creak and a boy stepped in, holding a parchment in his hands."Mother."A woman with straight dark hair and olive skin turned her narrow eyes up from the book she was reading to regard the boy in front of her."What is it now, Ven?" she asked in a rather tired tone, her accent giving away her Italian origins."I got my letter", the boy said. "From Hogwarts."He gave a tight-lipped smile, an intelligent look in his almond-shaped eyes. He had his father's calculating hazel eyes and dark skin colour but other than that he looked a lot like his mother.Ventus Zabini, as that was the boy's name, had received his letter from the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry just like every other young witch and wizard who'll be eleven years old before 30th of September. He would be attending one of the most well-known wizarding schools like his father. Maria handed the letter back to her son after reading it through."Bring it to your father", she said and returned back to her book. "And congratulations."Blaise Zabini  unlike Maria Amell as his wife as preferred to be called  was more interested in his son's letter than Maria had been.Blaise took an old, moving photograph off the wall and they sat down to the leather couch Blaise had in his quarters. Year 1991 was written in the left corner of the photo. The smirking children with green and silver in their clothes were standing haughtily in a straight line. Blaise gave a slight smirk as he watched the photo. He pointed the faces one after another."Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle, and Nott", he said. "I shared my dorm with them." The slender finger moved and Ven curiously looked into the faces of the children in the picture. "Greengrass, Parkinson, Bulstrode, and Davis. We were the Slytherin class of the year 1991."Ven let a small smile find his lips. For him it was hard to believe his father had been once a child, too. The grown man next to him hardly looked anything like the eleven year old in the moving photo. He had seen the photo countless of times on the wall but this was the first time his father had paid any attention on it in front of Ven's eyes."Goyle and Parkinson got married and their daughter is couple years older than you", Blaise told him. "A Slytherin like her parents. Malfoy instead" He pointed at the blonde boy, a little smaller than the others who was sneering at the camera. "got married to the younger Greengrass sister, they have a son, about your age."Ven nodded. That wasn't the first time his father mentioned the Malfoy family. He had even shortly met the Malfoys couple times, and none of them had been a happy meeting in Mr Malfoy's opinion. "And then there's Nott", Blaise continued. "He too has a son, same age as you." Ven studied the scrawny boy in the picture before Blaise stood up and put the photograph back to the wall. "It's more than probable that you three end up in Slytherin as well."He looked down at Ven was still sitting on the couch. "I want you to keep eye on them ", Blaise said, staring at the photo.Ven tilted his head, more curious than confused by his father's request. "Why?" he asked and Blaise sat back down, placing his hand on Ven's shoulder. A small sign of comfort gave away how serious the request actually was."Because you can never trust in a Slytherin completely. Especially not when they come from certain families", Blaise told him. "They can become either your friends, or your enemies. Your choice." He paused for a moment. "There are reasons you'll understand later. Just keep an eye on them."Ven just nodded. He had learned that his father's work was important, and asking questions instead of following orders was the last thing he wanted to do.In the very same day in a friendly neighbourhood in London  in Bexley, to be correct  another letter from the very same place had found its way to another magical household. No one would ever suspect that anything out of ordinary ever happened inside the walls of this house, so normal it looked for one who knows nothing about magic. No sign of flying pans and kettles in the kitchen, self-writing quills in the study, or the toys that moved without electricity.That was where the Notts lived.When the Wizarding War had been over in 1998 Theodore Nott had thought his life had been over before it had even really started. His father had been sentenced to a life imprisonment in Azkaban, the Aurors had turned his home upside down in case if they could find any signs of dark magic there, and he hadn't finished his seventh year.And then, the fate had introduced him a witty and beautiful girl called Ana Thompson. She didn't care he was a Slytherin, or pure-blooded, or that he was a son of a Death Eater. She only cared about the man behind those prejudiced titles. And they fell in love."Look, mother! Look what the owl brought me!"A small woman with a freckled face and wavy blonde hair pulled into a messy ponytail smiled widely, making dimples appear to her cheeks. She laughed, ruffling the boy's hair."Go show it to Theodore", she said. "I'll make our late breakfast ready."The boy nodded and soon small steps echoed from the staircase when the short boy ran hastily upstairs the letter in his small hands. He opened the first door in the second floor, revealing a study room full of books and parchments."Father!" the boy called, his big chocolate brown eyes shining. "I got my letter from Hogwarts!"The tall man behind the desk looked at the boy. "Alistair", he started, writing few words to a piece of parchment. "I have told you not to run in the stairs.""I'm sorry", Alistair Nott said and bowed his head slightly. His strawberry blonde hair was a mess for running and ruffling and his cheeks flushed. The boy gave the letter to the man who shared only a slight resemblance with the boy in front of him. Theodore smiled. Yes, his son had his eye colour but his hair and facial features downright cried Ana."Mother told me to show it to you", the boy added. Theodore read the letter, sighing imperceptibly. Many things had changed since 1991 when he had started his studies in Hogwarts. He put the letter back to its envelope."Did she, now?" he hummed with a hint of amusement in his voice. "She wants us to go down for lunch, doesn't she?""Late breakfast", Alistair corrected. "Will we go shopping soon?" he asked.The man let out a laugh. "At Saturday", he said. "Yes."The boy couldn't held back a smile."There you are!" Ana chuckled when her husband and son appeared to the kitchen door. "Bacon, eggs, toast""Father promised we'll go shopping at Saturday. Will you come with us?" Alistair asked with a smile when he sat down and took the first bite of his toast.Ana shook her head. "No, I'll be needed at the Ministry", she said, placing the teakettle on the table. "But you can have some good time with your father, right? Make sure he doesn't look at other women."Alistair laughed as Theodore rolled his eyes behind the Daily Prophet. "I've never looked at the other women after I met you", he reminded his wife with a slight smirk. "Nor before it", he added."I know", Ana said with a bright smile. "I know."It wouldn't be long until two young boys from two different families would meet each other.
