The Definition of Friendship (noun)A Tale of Victoire Weasley, Ted Lupin, and FriendsA/N: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand I've returned to the world of HP fanfiction, with writing skills that have hopefully been improved since the closing of Learning To Love Him!This is going to be a relatively short MULTICHAPTER fic, but hope you enjoy! I'm venturing into the canonically uncharted waters of Next Gen, into the budding romance of Ted Lupin and Victoire Weasley.Also, my intentions are to have much longer chapters than I usually write (with a minimum of 2000 words each, not including authors notes. It used to be at least 1000, including authors notes.)And this story will run a little differently. It will be episodic. Basically, each chapter has its own separate plots and conflicts and resolutions, like a TV show. Near the end, though, it will start reading more like a book. Or that's my intention, anyway.Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter because for some reason JK Rowling and Warner Bros. don't want to give them to me. The nerve of some people, honestly.HERE'S THE DEAL. I NEED REVIEWS TO UPDATE. EVEN JUST ONE. I LIVE A BUSY LIFE SO I DON'T WANT TO WRITE IF NOBODY'S GONNA READ SO IF YOU LIKE IT JUST REVIEW "here" OR SOMETHING SIMPLE. IT DOESN'T EVEN HAVE TO BE A REAL REVIEW I JUST NEED TO KNOW YOU CARE ENOUGH ABOUT THIS STORY.Friendship:(n). a relationship of mutual affection between two or more people.PrologueoTeddy: Age 8Victoire: Age 6oVictoire closed her light eyes and leaned against the rough tree."Fifty, forty-nine, forty-eight, forty...forty...""Seven!" a young boy's voice squeaked from her right.Victoire smiled, her lips catching a little of the tree's sap. "Thanks!" she said. "Forty-seven, forty-six""Hang on, Vic, you heard me! Now I gotta find another place to hide!"Victoire's eyes popped open and she tore from the tree, eyes searching for her friend. "I don't wanna count all over again!""Well, you're going to have to!" said the boy, climbing out from behind a blueberry bush.They had a silent staring contest, Victoire losing almost immediately. She was about to huff a submissive "Alright" when a bright color caught her attention."Hey, you're hair's green! That's cheating, Teddy!"Teddy blinked twice, hair turning to a plain brown. "No it's not.""Cheater." Victoire marched toward Teddy, feet crunching the dried leaves of autumn. "No cam-camo-coma- no camouflage allowed!""Nope, nope, nope. No rules agains""Ted!" came a voice, and the childrens' heads snapped towards the cottage door. A smiling redhead woman was poking out the wooden doorframe. "Come on, it's time to go!""Can't I""No!""But""I said no!""Aunt Ginny""Teddy Remus Lupin, I said no and that's final. Now come on, James is still at home napping and Merlin knows his father can't be trusted to let him sleep."Teddy frowned, head tilting toward Victoire. "Bye, Vic," he said, shuffling his feet. "See ya 'round.""Right."Teddy ran over to Ginny, who clutched his arm tightly. The two disappeared in an instant.Victoire's eyes lingered on where her aunt and best friend had been standing moments ago. The slightest of sighs left her lips. Then she carefully wiped the sap off her mouth and entered the house. Perhaps she could entertain her 4-year old sister.Teddy: Age 9Victoire: Age 7o"and then the nargles came infesting all the mistletoe, and the couples' brains went fuzzy!"Molly, Fred, James, and Dominique clutched one another as if their life depended on it. Victoire meanwhile simply watched with interest as Teddy continued to tell his elaborate tale."And just when Professor Uglepuke thought he had found the cure for nargles.." he paused, grinning at the youngsters' wide eyes. "They fuzzy-fied his brain too!""Whahabenden?" Fred asked, eyes never blinking."What happened then, you ask?" Teddy said, standing up and crossing his arms. "Then, the centaur army stormed in and crushed the evil nargles to bits and everyone's brains were cleared! The end!"All of the babies, as well as Victoire, cheered.Teddy took a short bow and sat down, grinning at Victoire. She then took a shaky breath and stood up, knees quavering."I'm going to tell a story, too.""Go Twah!" Dominique squealed. The children clapped and Victoire cleared her throat."Once...there was a...flying rat. And his name was Billy. And Billy flew around all over the world, searching for a delicious turkey to eat for his feast. And then""Pardon me," Audrey Weasley said, strolling into the room. "But rats don't eat turkey. And they don't have feasts."Victoire looked at her for a moment, and began to sit down and hug her knees.But then Teddy spoke up. "It's a fairy tale, though. Anything can happen."Audrey chortled at the childrens' silly imaginations, then headed into the kitchen. Teddy glanced over at Victoire and gestured for her to continue.Victoire released her knees, but remained seated. "The rat...Benny  I mean Billy  err... he was looking for some turkey to eat...when he found a talking turkey. And he felt sorry for it and decided to give up meat and he became a vegetarian like rats are supposed to."Her eyes closed. Silence rang in her ears.Teddy blinked, then watched the infants, who were so bored they were finding entertainment in poking each other. Feeling a pang of sympathy, he inched toward his still friend and nudged her."Hey, Vic. Loved the story.""It was rubbish," came a mumbled reply.Teddy hesitated. "No it wasn't. You just need to be more inventive. Talk to Aunty Luna, she's where I got most of my ide""Waaaaaahhhhhh!" said Fred, who had just been poked in the eye by a frightened Molly.Teddy immediately stood up. "Hang on, Vic." He patted Fred on the shoulder, then ran into the kitchen shouting "Aunty Audrey!"Victoire sheepishly tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, then crawled over to the infants to offer some comfort.Teddy: Age 10Victoire: Age 8o"Thank you for the yummy dinner, Aunt Ginny and Uncle Harry," said Victoire, sipping her disgusting soup."Aw," Ginny crooned. "How sweet. Fleur, your daughter has such great table manners. Much better than Teddy or James or Albus."Fleur smiled, running her fingers through Victoire's long hair that was currently reflecting the shine of the full moon coming through the window. "Yes, Bill and I are very proud of 'er. She's growing up to be such a leetle lady."Victoire beamed, then continued to force down the horrendous stew."I hope this next one's a girl," Ginny sighed, patting her belly. "I don't know how Mum survived raising six boys before me, I can hardly raise two."Teddy, from across the table, tried to subtly wave at Victoire. Once she finally noticed him, her pointed and the soup and made a gagging motion. Victoire bit back a giggle but then nodded vigorously.Teddy made a strange motion with his thumb. Victoire looked at him, utterly confused. He scrunched his eyebrows and repeated the motion. Victoire shrugged, mouthing I don't get it.Teddy frowned in thought and paused. He pointed at Victoire. Then at himself. Then away from the table. It took her a moment, but Victoire soon understood. "You, me, let's leave this table."Victoire paused, weighing her options. Then she glanced at the adults of the table. "Mummy, Daddy, Aunt Ginny, Uncle Harry, may I go play with Teddy now?""Of course, dear," said Ginny, and the two youngsters pushed their chairs back. They dashed upstairs fast as a lightning spell, pausing in front of a door."This," Teddy whispered, "is James's room. And that," pointing to the door next to it, "is Albus's room. And that door across the hall will be Aunt Ginny's new baby's room."Victoire looked at the doors with curiosity. "Really?""Yeah.""Wow," she breathed, gazing at the doors as if they led to a magic kingdom. "How do you know all this, Teddy?""I listen."Victoire rested her hand on James's door. "Let's go in!"Teddy's hand reacted instantly. "Wait, James is still taking a nap. So is Albus. When we go in, we have to be quiet.""Right."Together, they slowly turned and pulled the doorknob."PLAY!" James shouted immediately, throwing a stuffed animal across the smooth crib bars and into the air. Ted skillfully dodged it, and it hit Victoire in the head. For a split second, all was still. But then, the a grin climbed onto three kids' faces, and all of them grabbed stuffed animals and began tossing them at each other, laughing.Teddy: Age 11Victoire: Age 9o"VICTOIRE! VIC! I GOT MY LETTER!" Teddy came bouncing across the lawn, leaping over the garden gnomes and grinning like a fool. When no response came, Teddy crouched down and scooped up a few dusty pebbles. He threw them up at Victoire's second-story window.The window slid open and out poked Victoire's little bright face. "Teddy! You threw rocks at me!""At your window, not you!" he said, grinning. "But look what I got!" He waved a sheet of parchment high above his head. Pride was flashing from his face."I can't see from up here!" Victoire called. "Hang on, I'll come down!""No need, I'll come up!" Teddy enthusiastically bounced to the front door, skipped across the floor, and danced up the stairs. He would've crashed into Victoire's door if she hadn't been so smart and opened it beforehand.The boy immediately jumped on her cushioned bed and lunged the piece of parchment forward. Victoire delicately picked it up and eagerly read it.Dear Mr. Lupin,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted into Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on September 1. We await your owl no later than July 31.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagallHeadmistressVictoire looked up, her grin identical to Teddy's. "This is so great! Congrats!""Yeah." Teddy laid back on the bed, back pressed against the soft blankets and arms stretched behind his head. "I'm going to Hogwarts!"Victoire's smile felt forced. She opened her mouth to speak, hesitated, then said, "I'm going to be all alone with nobody but Dom."Teddy's eyes met hers. He sat up straight. "Vic, you'll be fine. You've got an entire family who loves you. Dom and Louis and James and Albus and Molly and everyone else. You don't need me."A pout met Victoire's face. "But you're my best friend. The rest of them are just little kids."Teddy twiddled his thumbs for a moment, then leaned forward to give her a quick hug. They tore apart, and he said, "Say what. I'll write every week, Mademoiselle Weasley, how's that?" He tilted his head slightly, a teasing grin on his face.Victoire grinned back. "You'd better, Monsieur Lupin."They stayed like that for a moment, and Teddy leaned back to rest his back against the bed again. "Wonder what house I'll sort into. Gradmum says I'll be in Hufflepuff, like my mum was. Uncle Harry says I'll be Gryffindor like my dad. Aunt Ginny says I'll be a Ravenclaw.""What about slithering?" Victoire asked."Slytherin. And who knows. I don't want to be in there, though. Uncle Ron says""Teddy! Are you up there?" Bill's voice rang out from downstairs. "Your grandmum's been looking for you!""Oh, right, my grandmum." said Teddy, scrunching his eyebrows. "She must be worried. Better get going." He stood up and seized his Hogwarts letter. "Bye, Vic. See ya 'round."Teddy: Age 12Victoire: Age 10oDear Victoire,Second year is so much more difficult than first year! Professor Longbottom is having us study Mandrakes. D'you know what they are? They're these big plants and you have to wear earmuffs because when you pull them out of the ground, they start screaming like mad. My friend Jacob actually fainted.I told you about Jacob, right? He's the loud Muggleborn who always says he'll marry Barbara Wood one day. Luckily for him, Barbara's in Ravenclaw, not Gryffindor, so she didn't have to see him faint. She might've seen him being carried over to the Hospital Wing, though. I dunno.Potions was hectic yesterday, too. Professor Barkwith told us to invent our own potion based after the concepts we learned last year. Myron said he was barking, and I agreed. The class nearly went up in flames with all the explosions!When you come to Hogwarts, LEARN FROM OUR MISTAKES. Do not use Erumpent fluid unless Professor Barkwith tells you too. Unless of course, you want to prank someone. But you still have to be careful so you don't die!It's a blast, at any rate. Myron and Jacob keep trying to get us into trouble. Myron says it's our job to "keep the Gryffindor mischievous spirit alive." He keeps We've already pranked a first year Hufflepuff. I felt a bit sorry for her after, though. I ended up apologizing. She said her name was Anne. You'd like her, I think. She's sweet.Quidditch tryouts are next week, also. Jacob wants me to try out with him. He's going to try to be a Keeper. What should I try out for? I'm thinking either Chaser or Seeker.Blimey, this letter's gotten long. I'd better get going. Professor Binns is already giving us a History of Magic quiz tomorrow. I've got to study.'Til next time!Teddy LupinTeddy: Age 13Victoire: Age 11o"I'm Simone Hoghedge.""Victoire Weasley.""You're a Weasley? Really? I've heard about you! Who's your dad? Is it Ron?""Err...no, my dad's name is Bill.""Oh, right, I've heard about him, too!"Victoire tapped her feet unevenly and glanced out the train compartment's window. The city view had already vanished and now images of the country were rushing past."I love your hair," commented Simone, twiddling her thumb. Victoire nodded curtly and continued to stare out the window.Suddenly, the compartment door screeched open. A boy's voice said, "Excuse me?"Victoire's head snapped toward the voice, but it wasn't Teddy. She held back a disappointed sigh, and instead asked politely, "Yes?""Err...hi." The boy shifted his weight back and forth. "All the other compartments are full. May I sit here?" He scratched his head and didn't look up."Of course," said Victoire, and she scooted over to make room. The boy cautiously sat down. "What's your name?""Raymond Ogg." He still didn't look up."No need to be so shy," said Simone, beaming.Raymond looked up finally and offered Simone a hesitant smile. Then he slowly rotated his neck and looked at Victoire. He froze."Erumyeahhi?" He looked down again, a blush on his face. "Hi."Victoire furrowed her eyebrows in confusion, but then shook her head. She held out her hand. "I'm Victoire, and that's Simone.""Raymond. Wait...I already said that."The door to the compartment slid open again, and Victoire raised her head slowly to see who it was. An elderly witch poked her head in. "Anything off the trolley?"Simone stood up immediately. "Absolutely, I'm starved. My mum barely fed me this morning. Said I needed to save my room for the feast. She's bonkers, though. Or that's what I think. Have any chocolate frogs?"After buying a few snacks, Simone sat down and began peeling the plastic wrappers off. In the meantime, Victoire and Raymond reached for their own food. It took a while, but slowly they delved into conversation. Raymond apparently had 4 older siblings, all Muggles. Simone was a half-blood with two younger brothers.The train pulled up to Hogwarts with a loud screech. Victoire, Raymond, and Simone climbed into a boat, the wood creaking under their footsteps. The boat drifted across the swooshing waves of the lake, the moon shining from overhead. The boats landed on the shore, and the children followed Hagrid into the castle.Wonder struck them as they stepped into the warmth of the Great Hall.Soon, the Sorting began.Simone was the first of the three to try on the giant leathery hat, which cried out "GRYFFINDOR!" after a few moments.Raymond was next. He sat down on the large wooden chair, knees shaking, before also being announced "GRYFFINDOR!"After what felt like it was forever and ever and ever in her young mind, Victoire's name was finally called.When the hat touched her head, she closed her eyes and breathed gently as the hat mumbled its thoughts."Ah, a Weasley again? I was wondering when I'd see one of you again! Hmm...I can see talent and determination, courage, and a desire to learn and to prove yourself. You would thrive in any of the Houses, m'dear."Victoire's eyes opened, and the four tables flashed in her eyes. Any one of them could be her family. But one table caught her attention especially, one with a tall 13-year old boy with blue hair..."Ah, I see you have a preference. Well, I think I know where to put you now. GRYFFINDOR!"Eyes shining from the bright candles, Victoire pulled the hat off her head, and, in a rush of adrenaline, forgot her manners as she pranced over to the Gryffindor table. She sat next to Raymond, who showed her his first fearless smile, but her eyes searched across the table, looking for one face.Teddy was turned away. A goblet appeared in front of her. Victoire picked it up and held it high in an attempt to capture Teddy's attention, but the effort was in vain. The alluring smell of the roasted foods caught her nose by surprise, so she momentarily gave up her efforts to enjoy her food.After the feast, however, when she tried to catch up to her third year friend, she caught his eye momentarilyAnd he looked away and walked away faster.And that was the prologue! I know, it wasn't that interesting, and kept jumping, but the point of this chapter was just exposition. I wanted to give you a feel for the characters and set everything in place before the story really begins. Now you have a taste for their personalities, relationships, etc.Review, please! If anything sucked, PLEASE TELL ME! Even if it's the most ridiculous thing ever, tell me, so I can improve next time!
