Heyo. I'm here with my new story, it will be a Harry/Katie pairing. Please note, all events take place one year before canon. The ages of Harry, Hermione, Ron, and all the other first years advance by one. So enjoy.Chapter One, MIDNIGHTOutside Potter Manor, Godric's HallowWest Country, EnglandOctober 30, 198011:59 PMThird Person POVA handsome man stood outside a small manor in Godric's Hallow, West Country England. He wore long black robes. He had pale skin, blood-red eyes, and dark, dark, dark brown hair. A look of hate was plastered on his face. The reason for this hate was the fact that the house in front of him was owned by the last of a respected pure-blood family, and his mudblood wife. Oh, how he hated muggleborns, muggles, and half-bloods. Despite being half-blood himself. Half-bloods reminded him of his father.They reminded him of a world that hated him, and his fellow wizards and witches. They used to burn witches on a stake. Just because they feared them. Thought them evil. Though not wizards, they always respected wizards. Thought them as the eternal heroes. Oh how wrong they were. the truth is that witches and wizards could be evil.Though none more evil then Tom Marvolo Riddle, Lord Voldemort. Lord Voldemort was part of an anagram of his name. Tom Marvolo Riddle became, when rearranged correctly, I am Lord Voldemort. People not only feared him, but his name as well. His name practically radiates evil.The reason he was here was simple. He was here to kill the Potters. A heavily respected family. James Potter, a pureblood, and the mudblood that is his wife, Lily. As well as there infant son Harry. A half-blood. Like himself. Why was he going to kill the Potters? Once again, the reason was simple,. There had been a prophecy issued. Stating that eventually either Harry or Voldemort would kill the other.'The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives ... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies ...'It had said, exactly. He was here to fulfill the prophecy. With one wave of his wand the wards came down. He blasted down the door before entering the house.Inside Potter Manor, Godric's HallowJames Potter's life was perfect. He had a beautiful wife named Lily, and a son Harry. His life had always been perfect, he had been born into a very wealthy pureblood family. He had millions, hell even billions, of Galleons, and even more Knuts and sickles. He was rich, to put it simply.But his perfect life sadly would soon end.It all started when there was a large crack of lightning. It illuminated a tall figure outside the manor."Lily, take Harry and go. I'll hold him off."She looked at her husband like he was crazy, her reply was,"No James, you'll die.""Some thing are worth dying for. As long as you and Harry are safe then I'll be fine. Please just go."She nodded with tears in her eyes. With that she rushed off to get Harry and leave.The door burst open as a powerful blasting hex hit it. In the door frame stood the tall man. He had a sadistic smile on his face. James was frozen in man rose his wand again. And cast the most dreaded spell in existence. The killing curse. "Avada Kedavra." He shouted. James was still frozen in fear, but the curse being cast snapped him out of his shock. He ducked under the curse. Barely. The man, getting angry, cast it twice more one hitting its mark. "Avada Kedavra, Avada Kedavra." Ex-Auror James Charles Potter fell to the ground. Dead.Satisfied with his work, Voldemort walked up the stairs to the second floor of the manor.Inside Potter Manor, Second StoryVoldemort made it up the steps. And made his way to the nursery. Inside was Lily Potter trying to hide with her son Harry. She failed miserably."Give him to me mudblood. Give me the brat.""No please not harry take me instead. Please don't kill Harry.""Shut up, you mudblood bitch. Give me the brat and you can live.""No please just take me instead," She said sobbing,"Please don't kill Harry" She continuously begged.Finally getting fed up with the bitches begging he cast the killing curse. "AVADA KEDAVRA!"Lily Potter fell to the ground.Voldemort finally turned to the baby boy in the crib. The child gurgled. He was so innocent, not even knowing he was about to die.With a lightning bolt shaped wand movement Voldemort cast the killing curse for the fifth time that morning. "AVADA KEDAVRA!"The curse rebounded. Directly at Voldmeort. His eyes widened in surprise. Before it hit. The man screamed as a piece of his soul was destroyed,"AHHHHHHHHHH!"All that was left on the small boy was a scar in the shape of a lightning bolt. A scar that would one day become famous.Godric's HallowA man with black hair down to his shoulders, black robes and piercing black eyes ran as fast as he could to Potter Manor. His wards had been broken. Lily, Harry, and James had been injured. Or just one. He was scared, he could not let his best friends and godson get killed. He had long ago made piece with James Potter. He had come to Severus (the man with black hair, eyes, and robes) and begged for forgiveness. He had even sworn on his life and magic that he was sorry. The ultimate oath. He had forgiven him and the two soon became best friends. Much to Lily's pleasure.He arrived at the manor to see the door blasted in. He rushed inside. Only to be treated by the sight of his best friend dead on the floor. Tears started leaking out of his eyes. He quickly ran up the stairs to see if Harry and Lily were okay. He came into the nursery. Lily was laying on the ground, eyes closed, and not breathing (at least to the naked eye). He ran over and hugged her body to his chest. He had loved her. Not sisterly love. But the love a husband and wife would share. He was startled when he heard her speak."Se-Sev-Severus?" She asked stuttering.Wow. My best chapter ever. Not length wise but like the content, less swearing, more detail, and a lot better grammar. Weeeeeellllllllll, this is the repost of this chapter. I'm going to do the same for chapters two and three.
