This is the first fanfiction I've ever written so I welcome constructive criticism, Unfortunately this is mostly filler until the action starts. :-)Disclaimer: I don't own harry potter, or the marauder era. This applies to all chapters.... Emily Patterson was a muggle born, but when she got her letter she wasn't entirely clueless, this was simply because she had an older brother (John) who had graduated for Hogwarts a year before she started. (Emily was secretly grateful for this as one of the excitements of boarding school is that you get to have a break from your family, she didn't think it would be the same if her family was there"Mum, today is the day the Hogwarts letters come!" she exclaimed excitedly."You would be excited- you probably know enough magic by now to pass your O.W.L.s," said her dad, with a twinkle in his eye."No, I just had a look though John's old first year textbook and all the spells seemed pretty easy so I tried them out," Emily said."I noticed, you had the reversal of accidental magic squad over when you charmed the flowers to float." her dad said."They couldn't for the life of them figure out what had caused you anger or fear that could be solved by making flowers float," her mum added, chuckling."So, I may have tried out a FEW spells that doesn't mean I'm super smart or anything, if a teacher asked me to write a foot long essay on the spell 'Wingardium Leviosa I wouldn't be able to, but I can do this," snatching John's wand of the table before he could react, she addressed her toast,"Wingardium Leviosa!"And the toast began to float up and into her mouth."It's a good thing the Ministry recognises me as a magical user in this house or there would be a letter warning you about expulsion from Hogwarts before you even started," John said, taking his wand back.Emily shrugged. "It would be nice to set a record.""The mail's here!" Emily jumped up out of her seat upon hearing the telltale shuffling of the mail through the slot and ran to the front door."YES, my Hogwarts letter!"She reentered the room, completely forgetting all the other mail, which John went to fetch with a sigh."Mum," she said after tearing through her letter, "I've got the list of things I need from Diagon Alley. Can you take me?""I can if you want," John offered. "I've got business at Gringotts to sort out.""What business?""I'm buying Zonko's, remember? Merlin, I hope your magic is better then your memory. How you can forget that your brother's going to own a joke shop that's right next to your school is beyond me. If it was me, I would have been thinking of all the pranks I could pull off with those supplies."Emily's eyes glinted in the way that her family had come to know and be wary of.John continued, "Too bad you're not allowed to go into Hogsmeade until third year.""You can always owl them to me," Emily shrugged."Yeah I will, but you have to tell me what you're up to. If there's one thing I'll miss about Hogwarts, it's the pranks. People don't seem to find it as funny when you turn their hair pink on their way into the Ministry."Emily snickered. "Well, it didn't help that it was the head of the DMLE and he was late to an appointment with the Minister." (What does DMLE stand for? Sorry, that's just me wondering.)"I didn't know," John said, pretending to look innocent. The rest of breakfast passed with them reminiscing about John's times at Hogwarts.When Emily fell asleep that night, she plotted, even as she dreamed, of how to disturb the peace in Hogwarts with pranks, and the joys of being able to use magic to help....Remus lupin was say around the table eating his breakfast. The silence was welcome to him, he didn't want his mother commenting on the fact that normal children would be receiving there Hogwarts letters. He didn't want to think about it, he had long ago resigned himself to being homeschooled, and not having any friends because they couldn't find out what he was.But here it was, the letter on the table proudly declaring that he, Remus John lupin, would be attending Hogwarts."You got accepted?" His mother asked in wonder, "I wonder if they know what you are""They do"said Remus, it was finally started to sink in,HE WAS GOING TO HOGWARTS "the headmaster included a note at the end" he handed it to her.Dear Remus lupinWe are fully informed about your illness, but have managed to come up with a solution. A whomping willow has been planted on the grounds, every full moon your will touch the trees trunk, which will deactivate the tree, and go into the tunnel at its roots. This passage will lead you to an abandoned house with a lock on the door. You can transform there and madam pomfrey will collect you I'm the morning to heal so you are ready for classes. We only wait on your approval and we will understand if you do not wish to attend.Yours sincerelyProfessor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, Order of Merlin (first class), Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards, and Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot.Having this note read aloud finally got though to Remus he was going to Hogwarts, and they didn't care he was a werewolf. Remus had given up even dreaming about Hogwarts by now so this WAS beyond his wildest dreams.Remus had dreamed about going to Hogwarts but that all stopped when he was 5.*Flash back*The four year old Remus lupin was too hot. His bedroom was boiling and he had opened the window to let some air in. He would regret this decision for the rest of his life. He was lying awake on his bed, trying to work out what time it was, when Fenir Greyback forced open the window and attacked him. He wS in shock, and only had brief memories of his parents fireing curses at the werewolf until it backed off and carried Remus downstairs, his mother distraught, and his father in denial.Remus woke up in 's, just in time to hear a hushed conversation between a nurse and his parents."It really is the best thing" assured the nurse," he will never be able to lead a normal life from now on"Remus wondered what she meant."He won't be able to have friends, it would put them all in too much danger."Remus frowned at this, why wouldn't he be able to have friends?"He won't even be able to attend Hogwarts, it's a boarding school someone is bound to notice if he's transforming very month, not only that think of the danger to the other students if there was a wolf run numbing around the school!"The penny finally dropped for Remus, but he didn't like it. His father had always told him that werewolves were evil creatures with no soul, he still had a soul didn't he?" He won't even be able to hold a job people don't like werewolves-""NO!" Came his mothers anguished cry, " WE BATTLED WITH THE WEREWOLF TO GET HIM, YOU CANT JUST KILL HIM NOW."This angered and confused Remus even more, why would people want to kill him, he was still himself, still REMUS!'He was just about to speak up when his fathers reply shocked him. As young as he was, he knew his father hated werewolves and had been brought up to despise them. But instead of ordering Remus imminent death, his voice spoke strongly." Do not kill him,' He commanded, 'It is not his fault. I offended Fenir Greyback, it is my fault. I don't care if we have to educate him ourselves and support him financially for the rest of his life, he will not be 'Put Down.' he is an innocent little boy, and still our son. We are not killing him like an animal"* End flash back *After that Remus didn't dream about Hogwarts, or magic. He only wondered what he had done to deserve his curse....James Potter was still in bed. He hated mornings. When a consistent irritating tapping noise woke him from his blissful dreams about playing Quidditch with Puddlemore United, James was not very happy. He had just risen, ready to murder the thing that had woken him, when he saw the white owl tapping on his window. More intrigued than murderous now, James let the owl inside.The owl was carrying his Hogwarts letter. James groaned. He had always known he would get into Hogwarts, so the only thing he wondered about was why they couldn't deliver the letters later in the day. Opening the letter as he made his way downstairs, he skimmed through it."Brilliant," James thought, looking at the list of equipment. "I finally get my wand."James handed his mother the letter."Hogwarts letters got delivered today." James ruffled his hair, trying to wake up."Well, how could you forget? Most children count down the days to see if they get in," his mum said, reading the letter a lot more thoroughly than James had. She spotted some information that James had missed and she was sure he wouldn't like. So, with a mischievous look, she said,"James, I have some terrible news.""What?" James attempted to say while yawning, making an almost indistinguishable noise."You're not allowed to bring your own broom until next year."Playing along with the dramatic, teasing tone in his mother's voice, James dropped down to his knees, raised his head towards the ceiling and absolutely yelled, "NOOOOOOOOOOO!"When James fell asleep that night, he didn't dream about flying (which had an almost constant reappearance in his dreams normally), he dreamt about Hogwarts because he had remembered that some of the snobby Pure-blood children he had met at parties would also be there. How unfortunate these children would be that James Potter had ever stepped foot on the train. Oh, he was going to be busy....A/N: Italics will be Kreature insulting Sirius under his breath like he does....Sirius Black had been locked in the attic again. He hated his family. They had been mouthing off Muggle-borns again. Somehow the subject of the conversation had been changed to Hogwarts, and they were expressing their disappointment that the supposed "cleansing of the school" had only managed to kill one Muggle-born, while petrifying only three others.This had occurred about six years ago but it still made his blood boil to think about it. One child had been killed, and she was only eleven, and all his family could do was wish that more had been slaughtered.So, of course, Sirius had expressed his views. Forcefully.So now he was sentenced to two weeks in the attic. It wasn't so bad this time, Sirius thought. Last time they had ordered Kreacher to not bring him food or water. That was hell. Although Kreacher was not specifically banned against getting Sirius food, Kreacher hated Sirius so much he would often try to make it as difficult as possible to get Sirius real food. Kreacher was in one of those moods today."Kreacher, get me some pie." It had to be a direct order, or the house elf would simply refuse. He had also learned to specify the type of food he wanted, as just saying 'food' left way too many loopholes for the house elf to work with, and he would come back with the most disgusting stuff. His excuse last time had been, "But it is perfectly fine food, Master Sirius ~blood traitor~ to the maggots and flies!"Kreacher returned with a pop. "Here is your pie, master Sirius."Sirius looked suspiciously at him. That had been too easy, he hadn't even insulted Sirius. All was explained when Sirius cut the pie up and revealed that it was, in fact, a mud pie."Kreacher, get me what my family had for dinner, no alterations." Sirius tried as his next attempt, figuring he couldn't go wrong with this one. His family was sure to have had real food and Kreacher wouldn't be able to do anything to it.Kreacher returned with a wooden food bin containing the leftovers from the last meal. He looked incredibly pleased with himself."Here is what your noble family had for dinner. I remembered, no alterations."Sighing, Sirius sent Kreacher away, realising that Kreacher could do this all day and it wouldn't get Sirius anything but rotten food and mud pies. He would just have to go to bed hungry today.Lying down on the attic floor, Sirius realised something. The Hogwarts letters came tomorrow and there were no windows in the attic. Not knowing whether he'd been accepted or not would drive him mad! Knowing that he would eventually go to Hogwarts was what had kept him in this house in the first place.With that depressing thought, Sirius had an idea. He emptied the rotten food out of the wooden bin, lay the bin on its side, and jumped on it. The wood that it was made of was thin, so it snapped in half easily enough. Sirius then began to break wood into smaller pieces and arranged them so they looked like a unlit fire. Sirius knew enough about fire to know that unless you had a powerful enough spell , the wood would not light easily. Considering that Sirius didn't know the spell at all, far less have a wand to perform it with, he knew he would have to make it easier per to light. (I'm not quite sure what you meant to say here... Sorry.) Inspiration struck again and Sirius ripped off a bit of his shirt, scrunched it up into a ball, and placed it in the middle of the wood. Then, sitting cross legged next to the wood, Sirius focused all his magical energy into heating up his shirt. If he had been asked to repeat this feat, Sirius would say it was only desperate determination and being chronically hungry that gave Sirius the edge. It had taken him 2 hours but the fire was lit, the wood slowly beginning to catch fire after the shirt.Had Sirius been born into a normal household, then his plan wouldn't have worked. But then again, if he had been born into a normal household, he wouldn't be locked in the attic. Because he was in a Pure-blood household, there was Floo powder on every door, rather like the way some Muggle religions had people put bowls of water up next to every door.Sirius grabbed a handful of Floo powder, approached the fire, and spoke very clearly,"Number 12 Grimmauld Place, kitchen."Sirius appeared in the kitchen, and immediately began to raid it. Once he had eaten, it was about 5:30 a.m., as it had taken him all night to get there, and it had taken him at least 30 minutes to eat. Sirius then grabbed a bunch of food and some Floo powder and Flooed back to the attic. He still had two weeks to survive. He repeatedly did this until he had enough food, then he waited downstairs for his Hogwarts letter to arrive. Fortunately for Sirius, it arrived at 7:30 a.m., before anyone else was awake. Sirius then read the letter, barely keeping his eyelids up, and Flooed back to the attic.As Sirius went to sleep at 8:00 a.m. on a dirty attic floor next to a dying fire, clutching his Hogwarts letter for dear life, all he dreamed about was finally escaping his family....Peter Pettigrew was also sleeping when his letter arrived. It wasn't that he was arrogant enough to forget that the letters came today, he was just sure he wouldn't be accepted. Peter thought he was a Squib, and he wasn't far off as his magic wasn't very powerful.The owl delivering his letter tapped on his window for about 10 minutes when it gave up on trying to wake him and posted it though the letter box instead. It was because of this that Peter didn't notice the letter until his mother collected the post."Peter, you're going to Hogwarts!" she screamed."I can't be, I'm not magical! I haven't shown any signs of magic at all!" Peter yelled down, going downstairs.His mother silently handed him the letter. Peter's heart soared when he saw it. He was going to Hogwarts. He was escaping his horrible Muggle school where he got terribly bullied.When Peter fell asleep, all he dreamed about was finally having friends....A/N : sorry for Peter's letter bit being short, I just couldn't relate to the person who caused harry to be an orphan. I also know purebloods probably don't have flu powder on there doors. They might, plot convenience?About my OC, she is roughly based on me, not overdone. I have added in my own faults and quality along with a few more. I am fairly intelligent ( I don't mean to sound arrogant lol) but I don't study at all. If my OC had to be described in 3 people from the harry potter universe it would probably be Luna, but slightly less crazy because she has amazing friends to guide her( The marauders) James, because of the intelligence, arrogance and hatred to Snape, and Sirius because of the carefree, daredevil personality. My OC will NOT be: annoyingly clumsy, stupidly insecure, unrealistically thin or perfectly beautiful. She will probably end up the opposite.I know it takes me forever to upload but I like my chapters long, they might not stay as long as this though because here I had to write 5 different stories. Please review to let me know your reading, just post a :-) or rate it out of 10. Sorry for the long A/N.Emm123e :-)...
