Hi, all!It's great to be back again! Happy Easter!As promised, this holiday I give you Albus Potter and the Enchanter's Princess. I of course have the whole story mapped out for me and will update regularly as I edit the upcoming chapters and proofread. As said, the seven stories are in fact already written; however, that which is already written does need edits, refining, and enhancing. From the line we crossed the previous story (RIP Hagrid), we deal now with the pure plotline and delve further into the dynamics between each party in this brewing conflict.Instead of giving you a long A/N about what to expect, I'll give you a short synopsis.Albus Potter enters his fifth year at Hogwarts. With this fifth year come tougher classes, important examinations, and the brewing conflict he finds himself in the middle of. Albus takes a more crucial role than ever in fighting the man who threatened his family but his is also reminded of another almost-forgotten villain in the shadows. The Wizarding world is once more at war.The Goblins fight the Ministry, Harry drums support for a crusade against the Purifiers, and the Arsenal of education once more makes itself relevant. But even the Ministry is in shambles with Incommodo finally gaining the power he sought for so long. The Reservation remains hidden but what are they planning? Where are they now they were evicted from the Reservation itself and what exactly is their relationship with the Purifiers?Meanwhile, Albus has OWL's to study for, his family to worry about, and a friendship to enhance. Albus' feelings from the previous year are unchanged and he tries harder than ever to achieve what he feels his heart has wanted since second year. The heart of Alexis Ackerly. But can Albus survive this year? His family makes itself more relevant. James approaches Albus with a new mindset and yet tension is brewing both outside Hogwarts and in. It has been a while but characters are once again finding themselves on separate sides of the social aisle as social dynamics are once more tested, old wounds are opened and the Wizarding world takes its final plunge. In one hour, I will post the first chapter and update the story regularly. I hope you enjoy this story as much as you enjoyed the last.
