Liar, LiarMarietta/CedricWarnings: kind of dark, sexual references, death, alcohol, swear words"I love you." he whispers in her ear. "I love you, I love you, I love you."A thousand little lies.She's liked him since the start of first year, since Cho pointed out that cute Hufflepuff in the corner, the popular one, (like Cho, always,alwayslike Cho) the one who would never in a million starlit years be interested in Marietta (she doesn't say it, but Marrietta can tell, that's what they all think)Silly little airhead Marietta, who reads all the Witch Weekly magazines and paints her nails bright pink because she just loves the colour, (even though being girly is so not in right now) who'll never get a boyfriend with those big horse-teeth, who is the anomaly for Ravenclaw (because how'd she get in there when she's so dumb?)Because that's what it all revolves around, isn't it? Cho is the one who got the chaser position in second year, (even though Marietta has wanted it since first) Cho who has all of the friends, (who she likes to ditch her for at every single opportunity) Cho who makes Harry-fucking-Potter fall in love with her.It's also Cho that Cedric asks to be his girlfriend.(and it breaks Marietta's tiny-fucking-heart)She doesn't mean it to happen. They're both drunk, at the celebration party for his first task (though really, they all know that everyone is talking about Harry Potter at this point) and she really, really doesn't mean it but Cho (and everyone else) has long-since gone to bed -And it happens.On the Hufflepuff Common Room sofa, (god, could she be any more of a slut?) dog-eared and messy, not at all how she imagined it (though it's always been him she's imagined it with) but she's such a stupid skank that she clings onto it.Clings onto those fake, fake words. Thinks they're real.Which is the story of how Marietta Edgecombe lost her virginity to Cedric Diggory, her best friend's boyfriend.He promises to break up with her, of course (pants on fire). 'After what happened with you, how could I not?' (very, very easily, as it turns out)'It wasn't even that good!' she feels like screaming back at him, though that doesn't explain those goddamn butterflies that keep swimming around every time she sees him, every time she sees him with Cho, who is supposed to be her best friend, yet they haven't spoken in days (out of guilt, mostly, on her part).But when they do speak, she ends up feeling a hell of a lot more ashamed, after Cho spends hours (quite literally) just going on about hownicehe is, about that award-winning smile (the one Marietta knows all too well).'Soon,' he tells her. 'We'll be together.'Yet they go, him and Cho (always, always him and Cho) to the Yule Ball and she's stuck without a date, (she counted on him taking her) sitting in the corner with Harry Potter (who is so clearly hung up over her best friend) and Ron Weasley (who is so clearly hung over Hermione Granger) watching them, talking, laughing, kissing.It makes her sick - she throws up after the song ends - to the stomach.It's the second task that plants the nail in the coffin, once and for all. 'The most important thing' - well, it had to be Cho, didn't it? While Marietta is second best again - (not just to Cedric) waiting for him to show up, emerge victorious (as she knows he will), with his prize (and the sad thing is, she just knows Cho won't mind being objectified like that).Tick. Tock. Time's almost up. (more, so much more than she knows)Ignoring how totally, utterly cute his hair looks when it's wet (that sort of tousled, rugged effect that just makes her sigh) and the fact that her only friend could die, some small, detached part of her brain really, really hopes he drowns.Then comes the final task.The one where he returns in a body-bag (not really, of course, but she says it for emphasis).Cho, beautiful, ignorant little Cho, screams and cries and hugs the corpse (which Marietta doesn't point out is actually kind of creepy) until she has to be physically peeled away from it, spends days mourning his death, nights muttering his name (you didn't even have sex, Marietta feels like saying - she's not very good at comfort)No tears fall from her face.In fact, and she knows it's selfish and completely sadistic of her -She's actually kind of relieved.I don't own Harry Potter, or the Great Gatsby (see if you can find the reference) or this cover image.A/N: Wow this was way darker than I expected it to turn out (my emotions just got the better of me I guess). I think it's original though, I've never really read anything portraying Marietta like this before.Any requests/reviews would be good, thanks!