Hey guys! Another dramione story here for your entertainment! I love writing dramione because I have so many options. Please review and tell me how I am doing with this story. Like I usually say, I can always go for friendly advice or criticism. I am willing to hear your thoughts, opinions, etc. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter under any circumstances.Anyways, enough of my ranting. I hope that you all enjoy this story and I hope to hear from all of you. Please review! They make my day. And now, on with the first chapter!"Draco, darling, I'm sorry we didn't tell you sooner but me and your father promised not to tell you until you were 17," Narcissa says slowly, watching her only son closely. Draco scoffs, pacing the brown worn carpet of his father's office.Trying to control his anger, Draco slows his pacing to a stop and walks over to an emerald green arm chair and sinks down into the plushness. "Okay," Draco starts with a sigh, "tell me what I have to do then." Draco says tensely. Lucius takes this time to stand up and walk slowly towards Draco."My mother," he starts, "was full Veela and my father was half Veela. Naturally, that makes me a full Veela. I didn't know until I was 17 because that was when I started to come into my inheritance. With my mate," he gestures toward Narcissa, "not being a veela then that makes you only half veela." he takes a deep breath. "It is sort of rare for there to be a male Veela, as most of our population is female. Female Veela's, when they start out, are usually very pretty, they can be very intelligent, and they can be very witty. When they come into their inheritance, at age 17, they become more beautiful and become more strong then they already are."For males, they are naturally strong and handsome, but when they come into their inheritance, like the females, they become stronger and even more irresistible. Now, when a veela is born, there is a set person that they are meant to be with for life. It isn't always clear why, but from the time that they come into their inheritance, they have a year to find that person. When we are born, there is a feeling of emptiness in our heart that grows bigger when we aren't with our 'mate'. Now, say you are around someone, maybe a best friend of your mate, that smells like them; you will be attracted to them but the feeling will grow no bigger or no smaller. Only with your mate will the feeling completely disappear."If your mate is a person who you hate, or hates you, then this could be a more difficult task. If you hurt your mate in any way, verbally or physically, then unbearable pain will over take you. This is so that you will learn to be more nice towards your mate, and if someone else hurts your mate in anyway then you will become extremely protective, and if you haven't learned to control your veela side then it will quickly take over and try to get rid of the problem/threat."The first time you smell your mate, it will feel like you can't breathe and your vision will start to blur. Your veela will take over, and will follow the scent until you find the person that owns that scent. There is no telling what your veela will do. Be on your guard tomorrow on your way back to Hogwarts. As a veela myself, I have a strong feeling that your mate is a student at Hogwarts. I am afraid that is all the information I can give you for now. Good luck Draco." Lucius finishes his hour long speech with a pat on his son's shoulder.Draco stands up and bids his parents good night before making his way to his room. Locking the door behind, Draco undresses and slips into bed, laying there staring at the ceiling, not being able to get to sleep. Finally, after hours of thinking, Draco falls into a restless slumber.Draco awakes the next morning, stretching out his tired limbs before swinging his legs over the side of the bed and sitting up. For some strange, weird reason, the thought of his mate being muggleborn brings him a sense of calmness. It just feels right. That thought alone scares him more than he is willing to admit.Scrubbing a hand over his face, Draco heaves himself off of the bed and starts rummaging around his room for clothes. This is his first day back. Everyone who had missed their 7th year at Hogwarts, received a letter about 3 weeks before the school year started, asking if they would like to return to finish out their year. Being asked to return along with the promised position of Head Boy, Draco decided to accept it. Anything to get away from this dreaded house."Draco, hurry up or you will be late," Narcissa's elegant voice floats into the room. Rolling his eyes, Draco shuffles toward his bathroom. Taking a quick shower and freshening up, Draco quickly gets dressed and walks back into his room. With his luggage in tow, Draco saunters down the stairs to the front room of the manor before bidding his mother far well. A quick kiss is brushed against his cheek as his mother wraps her arms lightly around Draco.Stepping outside the manor gates, Draco grips his luggage tightly before feeling the familiar feeling of being pulled through a small tube. In the blink of an eye, Draco lands in front of the Hogwarts train.Draco saunters toward the train, searching the giant crowd for Blaise.If I have any chance of getting through this year then I definitely need Blaise's help, Draco thinks. Finally spotting the black haired Italian, Draco approaches his best mate, clapping him on the back. Blaise turns around and smirks, seeing the silvery gray eyes of his best friend."Hey mate," Blaise says, giving Draco a bro hug and a few slaps of the hand. "You ready to go man?" Draco nods and hands his luggage to the porter. Right before they step on the train, Draco pulls on Blaise's robe and silently asks him to stay behind."What's up man?" Blaise says, turning to Draco with concern shining in his eyes."I need your help with something," Draco says heavily."What is it?" Blaise asks."Well..."So, what did you think? Please review and tell me what you think, they really do make my day. I had to make a few changes to the story and make a new summary but other than that, everything else is the same. Until next time...I solemnly sware that I am up to no good.~Crazylittleslytherin 
