The lights in the corridor flickered softly as the powerful wizard passed by below, his indigo robes billowing behind him. The silver crescent moons stitched along the fabric mimicked the starry night sky.An infant's cry echoed through the hollow ward and Albus Dumbledore's hand glided over the smooth, velvet pocket of his robe where his wand lay hidden.He entered the nursery of St. Mungo's Hospital, his twinkling blue eyes scanning the row of white bassinets aligning the wall to his left side, all empty before more crying drew his attention over to the healer rocking near a large window.The brightness of the full moon shown through the glass, illuminating the space in a soft, white glow.Upon his arrival she got up to greet him, casting him a warm smile, her blue eyes seemed to sparkle with hope and longing as she peered up at him."Albus, please tell me you've come with good news." The elderly witch whispered, rising from the rocker and clutching a tightly wrapped bundle to her chest as she soothed the discontent baby in her arms.Albus peered over his half moon spectacles and caught a glance of the squirming infant before he looked back to the healer with sadness reflecting in his eyes."I desperately wish I had, unfortunately I am forced to bear only misfortune this evening. Please Lottie, sit down." He said softly while gently ushering his dear friend back down into the rocking chair, still swaying.Albus flicked his wand and a bottle of formula glided through the air across the nursery, stopping to hover over the hungry baby. The nipple tipped forward to the infant's mouth allowing the baby to suckle. The bottle hovered, as seemingly an invisible hand clutched it, a simple charm.Albus stowed away his wand and cast a glance back over at the healer. Worry was etched on her face as she patiently waited for Albus to explain why he was there."James and Lily Potter are dead." He said quietly as a soft gasp resounded from the old witch across from him."You don't mean the other-" She was interrupted by Albus."Little Harry is alive and well. I've just come back from Little Whinging where I've taken him to his new home." Dumbledore kindly reassured her."And as for this one?" Lottie inquired, nodding to the happily fed baby in her arms, who had now fallen asleep."Darcey will be placed in a loving home as soon as I make the necessary arrangements." Albus explained, preparing himself for the scandalized expression of the other witch, he was met with an angry hiss."Albus, don't tell me you intend to separate them?" Lottie scolded her friend, desperation laced in her raspy voice. "They're all the other has left, they are the only family they've got. Surely you have the heart to know how terrible it'd be to separate them now." She insisted, her heart wrenching at the prospect of Albus' words.Lottie always did care too deeply for the children in her ward. She had a tendency to grow quite fond of the babies especially and suddenly felt the overwhelming urge to protect the fate of the baby girl now slumbering against her chest. After all, the poor dear hadn't anyone else to speak for her right? Lottie thought to herself as she felt an obligated responsibility for the child falling on her shoulders. She must try her best to persuade Albus from separating the twin orphans for it would be a tragic fate."It is for the best and it is crucial that you find it in yourself to trust my judgment Lottie." Dumbledore explained calmly, reaching out to lay his wrinkled hand to rest on dear Lottie's shoulder."It's the only way for now to guarantee their safety. Voldemort has risen and I need to ensure that he cannot find them. Both of their lives depend on it." Said Albus gravely as he recalled the prophecy over the summer from Sybill Trelawny.'The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives ... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies and he will share blood with another, born weaker of the two yet stronger Neither will know of the other until after the mark of the sixteenth eve and she will then mark him as her enemy gaining the Dark Lord's favor She will choose between blood and power The destiny is hers alone'September 2, 1996"Darcey are you nearly ready, it's half past eleven and the train leaves at noon!" came a whining female voice from down the stairs. There stood a petite witch with straight, auburn hair parted down the middle. Her maple, brown eyes glanced down at her wristwatch as she waited anxiously for her sister.Darcey flopped her dead weight on her school trunk rather roughly, willing the over stuffed lid to close shut. "Coming!" She shouted back, buying her a few spare moments before Tracey would pester her again. She was running horribly late as she had overslept and her sister wasn't helping her by rushing the tardy, young witch."Blimey Darcey, what in Merlin's beard are you doing up there?" Called her elder brother Roger in an attempt to ruffle her further. 'He doesn't even go to Hogwarts.' Darcey mentally grumbled. If it weren't out of serious fear for missing the train she would have left them waiting a little longer just to twist their knickers.She bound down the steps two at a time lugging her heavy trunk behind her and sounding like a herd of centaurs. Darcy nearly knocked over her petite sister waiting at the bottom, who cast her a furious scowl. "Watch it!" Tracey bellowed as Darcey trampled over her foot."You're lucky mum and dad aren't here or they'd have your arse for being so late." Said Roger from the front seat of the car once she had slipped into the back with Tracey. He cast a disillusionment charm on the vehicle making it invisible to muggles before taking flight.Roger and Tracey were Darcey's adopted siblings. Roger had graduated Hogwarts from Ravenclaw house the previous year and was left in charge of seeing the girls off that morning while both their parents were busy at work. Of course, they could have perfectly well managed on their own, being at the age of sixteen, but Roger was very protective of his younger siblings especially in times like these and their parents would have thrown a right fit if they would have traveled alone, it was far too dangerous in times like these.Darcey's father, Roger Davis Sr. was the Warden at Azkaban prison and her mother worked in the Department of International Magical Corporation at the Ministry of Magic meeting with diplomats from around the globe.It felt strange not to have her parents see her off this year, since Voldemort's return both of her parents had been swamped at work, what with the mass break out from Azkaban last spring she had rarely seen her dad all holiday. He was getting hell for their release. Not just receiving pressure from the Aurors in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, but also the media too, particularly the unbearable Rita Skeeter of the Daily Prophet whom Darcey held a special hatred for in her heart after all the horrible lies she had printed of father over the summer."Could Roger Davis Sr. Warden of Azkaban be a secret supporter of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?""Mass breakout at Azkaban leaves Davis under suspicion and scrutiny from the Ministry. Could Davis be secretly conspiring with the Dark Lord?'"Darcey's stomach lurched in anger as she recalled the article in her head, remembering it quite clearly even all these months later, it still got a rise out of her.That gossip monger had nearly ruined her father's career, lucky for him just his reputation took the fall and not his job since the Aurors lacked the proof they needed to confirm their suspicions and all charges fortunately were dropped against him. Darcey was confident her father was innocent all along and the lack of proof only proved it further. Everyone was just looking for someone to blame and naturally that blame would fall on the warden's shoulders. Darcey understood this but that didn't mean she took kindly to anyone spreading false rumors about her dad. She wouldn't tolerate such disgusting gossip.Darcey was broken from her thoughts as they arrived at the train station in the heart of muggle London. Darcey always secretly enjoyed seeing the way the muggles lived, she found them both fascinating and pitiful and enjoyed the rush of not getting caught as she weaved through the muggle crowd.'Not a single one of them is bright enough to suspect that I'm a witch.' She mentally mused, subconsciously pressing her hand over her cardigan pocket where her wand, 11 inch holly, unicorn hair and unyielding lay hidden.Draco Malfoy stood alone with his mother as the bustling, chattering crowd of students and parents snaked themselves around them. Narcissa Malfoy embraced her son tightly, to which he hardly responded.She pulled away and glided the palm of her hand gently down his cheek in a loving gesture."Draco darling, remember your task and keep in contact with me. I've asked Severus to look after you, keep close to him." Narcissa whispered careful to ensure that no one overheard them.Draco nodded curtly, only briefly holding his mothers gaze before peering back blankly at the crowd buzzing excitedly around the crimson locomotive and preparing to board The Hogwarts Express."Draco, please grant me your attention." Narcissa hissed, pulling her sons cheek back to face her, his stormy gray eyes locked with her deep blue ones. "Stay safe and remain close to Severus, do you understand?" She repeated once more, clutching his shoulders tightly. Draco nodded, this time hissing back a cold 'Yes.' That seemed to finally convince her as she suddenly released him, forcing a small smile in order to maintain appearances."Goodbye my love." She smiled sadly, unshed tears stinging at her eyes as she expertly held them back and waved him a final farewell, but he didn't notice for his back was already turned to her as he boarded the train for his sixth year at Hogwarts.Draco glided down the narrow passage, bumping roughly into a few rowdy first years as he made his trek to the back of the train. He entered the Slytherin compartment where his peers awaited him, all chatting quietly amongst themselves while exchanging stories of their holiday.Draco spotted his schoolmates Blaise Zabini and Pansy Parkinson and decided to take a seat near them. He slid his bag into the overhead compartment before slipping into the booth.Pansy immediately greeted him with her low, purring voice, a tone she had recently picked up whenever he was near. Draco was well aware that she had fancied him since their first year and they had been courting casually off and on since fourth year. Zabini on the other hand remained stoic and silent as usual, being a rather reserved boy."How was your summer, Draco?" Pansy asked, leaning in towards him and catching his pale, gray eyes with her hazel ones. She appeared extremely interested in whatever his response may be.'Wonderful, my father got sent to Azkaban and I had a play date with the Dark Lord. I even got a new tattoo, want to touch it?' Draco seriously considered voicing this dry thought just to see the shocked look her face.Instead he chose to go with the simpler, "Fair enough, how was yours?" He replied coolly as Pansy plunged into full detail of her holiday in Rome.Draco rested his chin in the palm of his hand as he listened to his friend talk on and on, noticing how wide her nose was and how much it truly did resemble a pug like their peers had pointed out. He was broken by his observation as a slender figure sat down beside him.Darcey nearly sprinted to the train as the final whistle blew and smoke rose from the crimson engine."That was way too close." Tracey panted from behind her as they easily made their way down the corridor, all the other students already seated in their compartments.The train jerked forward, beginning its journey to Scotland causing both sisters to grab for the wall to prevent them from tumbling forward with the sudden movement.They carefully continued on, once they had gained their sea legs, and arrived to a tightly packed train car."Where in Merlin's beard do you suppose we're sitting?" Tracey hissed in her sister's ear thoroughly annoyed with her tardiness by now and mentally cursing Darcey for making them so embarrassingly late."There's an open seat over there, by Daphne." Darcey gestured her hand over at her siblings best friend, hoping it would pacify her enough to get off her back.Tracey marched forward and claimed the open spot, not bothering to help her sister look for an open seat, she was far too angry.Darcey stood awkwardly at the threshold as some of her classmates glanced over at her with curious stares. She finally chose the closest seat a few feet away and quickly slid into the booth hoping her presence didn't draw anymore unwanted attention.Draco Malfoy, a rather rude prick, Darcey had decided years ago glared up at her as she slipped in beside him forcing him to move over to the window."Hello, Darcey." Pansy greeted her dorm mate. "Davis." Blaise nodded smoothly his bright, golden orbs locking on the pretty blue ones across from him."Didn't mean to intrude." Darcey calmly replied taking note of Malfoy's unpleasant staring from beside her but she didn't turn to face him, instead addressing the less agitated Slytherins before her, "Everywhere else was full." She added to her defense. She had been glared at enough this morning by her sister and she didn't need it coming from her classmates too. Draco's typical rude behavior did nothing to uplift her already sour mood as she continued to ignore him as always."You could have at least had the decency to ask my permission first but no, go right along and make yourself comfortable." Draco replied dryly from beside her.She finally turned to face him and was tempted to hex him but instead morphed her lips into a sweet and innocent smile. "Aw Malfoy, who shoved a wand up your arse today?" She smoothly countered, her smile turning into a haughty smirk as he glared furiously back at her with arctic, gray eyes. She offhandedly noticed how impossibly pale they were, never having seen another with a shade as light and icy as his and she had not yet decided in six years whether or not she liked them."Watch yourself, Davis." He warned. "You're picking fights way out of your league." Darcey had to stop from snorting back at him. 'Yes Draco, you're right. You're so scary the way you and those fat oafs of yours hex and tease the younger classmen. You're such an intimidating bully, I wouldn't dare curse you for surely your daddy in Azkaban would hear of it.' "Pfft as if!" She instead scoffed, crossing her arms over her chest. Their bickering was suddenly interrupted by a smoke bomb going off, surely a gag from the Weasley twins store in Diagon Alley.She pressed the knitted sleeve of her navy jumper to her nose, shielding her lungs from the cloud of black gas. She felt Draco's weight shift next to her and noticed he had now risen, looking around in suspicion for the source of the attack."Relax boys, it's just some prank." Pansy's low voice purred as the cloud slowly began to disperse.Draco reluctantly sat back down and Darcey wondered what exactly he was planning to do, hex some kid for a silly prank? Surely, he must have some sense of humor, she had been at the tail end of his jokes enough to know that he did. Darcey honestly didn't understand why he looked so paranoid and couldn't help but cast him a questioning look.Malfoy unlocked his eyes from her curious, penetrating gaze and instead looked up to the overhead compartment where his eyes lingered on their luggage.Darcey remained silent for most of the train ride to Hogwarts, only talking when Pansy directly asked her questions. Zabini and Malfoy seemed to be in an equally reserved mood this year, but then again Blaise hardly ever socialized with anyone, always keeping to himself, he was very secretive that way.Most girls found the air of mystery around him alluring and although Darcey must admit, the boy was quite handsome, being part veela and all but apart from his good looks his personality was severely lacking. She was never one of the girls to go drooling over him then again she never drooled over anyone.Like Zabini, Darcey Davis wasn't much of a socialite at Hogwarts. She kept mostly to herself, keeping her nose hidden in books. Darcey was often lost in the shadows, not very noticeable just your average looking girl in her opinion, although Tracey was openly jealous of her 'natural beauty', she couldn't really see it in herself.Still Darcey didn't concern herself with appearances like most of her Slytherin peers. Often not bothering to do her makeup or hair unless for a special occasion and some days not even caring enough to brush through her untidy brunette locks.She had more important things to accomplish than try and impress her snobbish peers. Darcey had a drive, a passion for learning all things magical. If it weren't for her ambitious nature and rigid determination, the sorting hat would have surely stuck her with Ravenclaw like her elder brother.Darcey was broken from her gaze out the window as she looked on past Draco's head and watched the beautiful scenery pass by in blurs of pine green and grey, cloudy skies. It was a rainy autumn day and small droplets of rainwater begin to snake their way down the window as it began to lightly drizzle outside. Darcey was brought out from her trance as she realized once again that Pansy was addressing her."I've heard of the rumors going around about your father, are any of them true?" Pansy fished for gossip, but cloaked it in a way that sounded like she sincerely cared.Darcey had always disliked that about the girl, she was sly as a fox and very untrustworthy. She had learned this after confiding in her a secret in her second year and word spreading like wildfire. Within a few days the entire school knew that Darcey Davis had fancied Theodore Nott but was too shy to approach him. She had been mortified and learned her lesson the hard way that she couldn't trust anyone."No." Darcey replied firmly causing her dorm mate to appear a bit taken aback by the force behind her word.Darcey turned back to gaze out the window as a long, intense silence hung over them.Pansy soon spoke up again, directing her next question to Draco instead she asked about his father, still fishing for more gossip and Darcey found herself truly disgusted by her blatant disregard for others privacy. She could hardly believe Pansy would just ask Malfoy about his father knowing he was currently sitting in a jail cell in Azkaban."He's well." Came Malfoy's curt reply. It was obvious he didn't want to talk about his father but Pansy either did not take the hint or did not care as she carried on anyway and for some reason that really irked Darcey."I've heard he's been locked up. I'm so very sorry Draco. If there's anything I can do to console you" Pansy purred softly while reaching for his arm and squeezing it reassuringly. Insert gag noise. She was so bloody fake it reminds Darcey of that unbearable Rita Skeeter."You could probably quit prying into people's personal lives, but that's just a suggestion." Darcey couldn't restrain herself from blurting out. 'Couldn't the girl just shut the hell up already?' Darcey seriously considered hexing the witch with a tongue-tying jinx but held herself back, unsure of whether or not Malfoy was still a prefect this year.From the corner of her eye she could see Malfoy smirking at her snappy comment and somehow this causes her to smirk too, as she held back from laughing at the scandalized look on Pansy's features. Triumph sinking in."I'm not prying. I'm genuinely concerned about my friend." Pansy replied icily once she had quickly recomposed herself, emphasizing the word friend as to hint to Darcey that unlike her she herself had friends.Instead of giving into her bait and taking offense Darcey remained calm and collected, peering back at her with a blank mask. "My sincere apologies." She smoothly replied as her dorm mate nodded stiffly, granting her forgiveness.Slowly the locomotive ground down to a halt, signaling their arrival to Hogwarts. As their schoolmates began to collect their luggage and make their way down the isle to exit the train, Draco stayed behind, eyeing the suspicious black bag above him with contempt. There was something he had to take care of first.When the other students had all filed out, including Darcey, Pansy and Blaise, he drew out his wand pointing it directly at the bag and casting a body binding spell on whoever had dared to spy on him. Whomever the fool was, they picked the wrong day to get on Draco's bad side.He was still annoyed with Pansy's inquiry about his father and knew it would not be the last he'd be hearing of it. He was sure the rumors of him being a Death Eater were already swirling around school.On top of his status taking a blow due to Lucius' arrest, Draco too had become a Death Eater over the summer. At first it seemed like an honor to be considered worthy enough by the Dark Lord but soon he found that life as a Death Eater wasn't a glamorous one, it was a death sentence.The Dark Lord was ruthless; Draco had witnessed this for himself over the summer, seeing his cruelty first hand.To make his summer worse the Dark Lord felt the need to punish Draco for his father's failure at the Department of Mysteries last spring and placed upon Draco the near impossible mission of murdering Headmaster, Albus Dumbledore. Draco was determined though. He would kill the mental old fool and thus restore his family's honor, gaining back favor in the Dark Lord. Still, the importance of the mission put much stress upon Draco making him irritable, touchy, and reclusive. He was on edge this year and the insomnia of night terrors didn't help.Draco crouched down next to the invisible, paralyzed heap on the floor, blindly groping for the invisibility cloak as his hand glided over the smooth, velvety material. He tugged it off revealing Saint Potter gazing up at him with wide, green eyes behind a pair of crooked glasses. He cast Potter a cruel smirk, his gray eyes glinting with malice."That was for spying on me." He hissed darkly, still hunched over the golden boy."And this is for my father." Draco added before kicking Potter's face in with the heel of his shoe. Bright, fresh blood poured from the Gryffindor's now severely crooked nose, surely broken.Draco draped the cloak back over Harry's paralyzed form before straightening out his blazer and dusting off his trousers. He clutched his school bag firmly as he exited the train, but not before muttering in a glacial tone, "Enjoy the ride back to London, Potter."
