I do not own any of the characters form Harry PotterMelissa's POV Harry and I are sitting in our bedroom the Dursleys have given us. They said we were to big for the cupboard under the staircase. Which we were, but I think they are just scared on what our kind would do to them. When I mean our kind, I mean witches and wizards. Yes my brother and I are magical. We go to a school for witches and wizards too, it's called Hogwarts. Harry and I are looking at the photo albums Hagrid gave us before we got on the train to come to the Dursleys' for the summer. Harry flipped to a page where we were standing with our friends Ron and Hermione in a photo that moves. I grabbed the locket I got from George at Christmas last year."I miss them Harry." I said while looking at the photo in my locket of Fred, George and I."I do too Melissa." Harry said. Hedwig squawked and Snowball meowed at the same time, causing Harry and I to jump. We looked to our animals Snowball was clawing at the door and Hedwig was pecking at the lock on her cage."Snowball no. I can't let you out of this room you know how our Aunt and Uncle are." I told my cat. My cat hissed at the mention of my Aunt and Uncle."I can't, Hedwig. I'm not allowed to use magic outside of school. Besides, if Uncle Vernon -" Harry tried explaining to Hedwig. Hedwig squawked really loud along with Snowball meowing loud."Harry and Melissa Potter!" Uncle Vernon shouted from downstairs. Harry and I sighed."Now you two have done it." Harry and I said. Then we walked out of the bedroom and down to the kitchen to see Aunt Petunia putting her finishing touches on a pudding dessert Harry and I won't be able to have."He is in there." Aunt Petunia said gesturing her head to the living room. Harry and I went into the living room to see Uncle Vernon adjusting Dudley's bow tie. They are all dressed up because some important people are coming over."I warned you two. If you two can't control that bloody bird and stupid cat, they'll have to go." Uncle Vernon said while glowering at Harry and I."They are bored." I said."If only we can let them out for an hour or two-" Harry started to say, but was cut off by Uncle Vernon."And have you two sending secret messages to your freaky little friends? No, I don't think so." Uncle Vernon said."But we haven't gotten any messages. From any of our friends. Not one. All summer." Harry and I said together. Then Dudley turned to Harry and I."Who would want be friends with you two freaks?" Dudley said. Then he bumped into Harry and pulled one of my pigtails and walked into the kitchen. My hair is so long now that I have to keep it up in pigtails."I should think you two would be more grateful. We raised you two since you two were babies, give you food off our table, even let you two have Dudley's second bedroom... purely out of the goodness of our hearts." Uncle Vernon said. I snorted. I then coughed to cover the snort up."I thought they got the second bedroom because Mum was afraid they'd turn us into dung beetles if you put them back in the cupboard under the stairs." Dudley said from the kitchen. Aunt Petunia stops what she was doing and exchange a dark look with Uncle Vernon.'Harry you owe me a chocolate frog when we get back to Hogwarts.' I thought to Harry.'Fine.' Harry thought back. Harry and I made a bet on what Uncle Vernon and Aunt petunia thought we might turn them into since they think we can use magic outside of school, when we actually can't use our magic outside of school. Dudley then tries to eat some of the pudding, but Aunt Petunia swats his hand away."Not yet, popkin. That's for when the Masons arrive." Aunt Petunia said to Dudley."Which should be any moment. Now. Let's run through our schedule one more time. Petunia, when the Masons get here, you will be -" Uncle Vernon said. Aunt Petunia moves to the living room and opening her arms in a welcoming matter."In the lounge, waiting to welcome them graciously to our home." Aunt Petunia said."Good. And Dudley?" Uncle Vernon asked Dudley."I'll be waiting to open the door." Dudley said."Excellent and you two?" Uncle Vernon asked us. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia and Dudley turned and looked at us."We'll be in our bedroom, making no noise and pretending we don't exist." Harry and I said with sarcasm. Of course they don't think we would make a good impression for them so we get to be stuck in our room. What fun right? Oh well at least I can look at the pictures Hagrid gave me in my red album."Too right you will. With any luck, this could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career." Uncle Vernon said. Just then the doorbell ranged. Uncle Vernon dragged us to the staircase."Upstairs! Hurry!" He said. I rolled my eyes and walked up the stairs with Harry.'I think we would make a better impression for them than Dudley can any day.' I thought to Harry.'You got that right sis.' Harry thought back. Then we entered our room and saw something jumping on Harry's bed. It was a grey creature wearing a dirty pillow case on it's body and had pointy ears. Harry closed the door so because the creature was making noise while jumping up and down on Harry's bed having fun. Then the grey creature sees us and jumps off the bed and bows in front of Harry and I."Harry and Melissa Potter! Such a honor it is!" the Grey creature said to us. This can't be happening, not now!Earth Princess Terra: Well there you have it chapter 1. I hope you all liked it and if you haven't read the first story please do, it is called the Prankster is who I love.
