Chapter1.Harry Potter would use one word to describe himself now, tired. It was the third anniversary of the battle of Hogwarts, and Harry sat by his fireplace with his three year old son perched on his knee, waiting for his wife to have the two year old ready. As Ginny rushed down the stairs looking flustered, a patronas in the shape of a cat walked sleekly into the room, with McGonagall's voice it spoke, 'go to Grimuald place, now.'Harry sighed in exasperation as he shifted his son to his hip, Ginny nodded, 'Albus and I will meet you at the memorial, I have to get Teddy anyways,'Harry turned on the spot as he disapperated and reappeared outside Number 12, Grimuald Place, as it came into sight, unnoticed by muggles. Harry shifted his now sleeping son to his shoulder and stepped into the building. Once inside Harry squeezed his eyes shut, as memory after memory bombarded him, shaking his head Harry walked into the kitchen, where he heard voices.'Hello,' he sighed.Mrs Weasley looked at her son-in-law and grandson fondly before she spoke, 'hello, Harry dear. Where's Ginny?''Teddy,'Mrs Weasley nodded in understanding, as another voice spoke in hushed tones, 'did he say Teddy?'Harry turned to the unfamiliar, yet familiar voice, and began to answer, 'Yes, Ginny's taking him and Al to Hogwarts for the-' his voice caught in his throat when he saw the speaker.In a flash, he shifted his son and whipped out his wand, pointing it at the person who had spoken, because the person died three years ago that horrific day, at the Battle of Hogwarts.The woman looked at Harry sheepishly, 'Wotcher, Harry.''How dare you,' Harry snarled, keeping his voice quiet so he wouldn't alarm his son, 'how dare you pretend to be her!' he looked at the man holding the woman's hand and almost dropped his wand in shock, 'you too? Is this some kind of sick joke?''Harry! Listen!' the man pleaded.'Don't you Harry me! Are you Death Eaters? Oh, if I wasn't holding James' he turned around to face Molly, 'take him,' he said gesturing to the sleeping boy. Molly quickly snatched up the child and took a step back, knowing that you should stay away from an angry Harry.The door slammed as somebody entered, you could hear the voice of a harassed Ginny Potter as she was ushered into the room, baby in arms, 'honestly, Minerva, I hardly think I needed to leave Teddy with Bill.'She trailed off when she saw her husband, wand pointed at two people, and her mother holding her sleeping son. 'Harry, what are you-'However, once she saw the two people Harry was pointing his wand at; she shifted Albus and pointed her wand also. 'What is it with you Potters?' Minerva muttered before saying, 'I checked, it's them, and there's more,'She opened the door to the pantry, and five people came out, those people sat down next to the other two and looked warily at the couple, 'Harry, I would like you to meet Lily and James Potter, I presume you already know Albus, Nymphadora, Remus, Sirius and Fred.'Harry felt his way to a chair and sat down, 'how?' he asked weakly.'Dunno, mate.' Fred said, looking at the baby in his sister's arms, 'is that your son?''yes,' they answered simultaneously.'Merlin,' he breathed.Harry looked up at his godfather, tears streaming down his face, 'Sirius!' he said, running to him and embracing him in a hug, 'I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, it was all my fault, I should have used the mirror!' he rushed.Sirius shushed him, 'your fault? How on earth was it your fault! I left Harry, I taunted her. It's not your fault,'Harry's body was wracking with sobs, 'but it was! I left; if I didn't leave then you would have had no reason to come after me!''Harry, I believe this was all Voldemort's fault. In no way yours,' Dumbledore said his voice grave.'Professor,' Harry exclaimed suddenly, 'it's my fault you died too, all of you!' he said looking at the once dead people, 'I'm so sorry!' he wept.Harry looked down, seeing his son tugging at his leg, he looked exasperatedly at Molly, who shrugged. Harry picked up his eldest son, who hid his face in his collar bone.'Daddy?' James murmured.'Yeah?' Harry answered.'Who are they?' he said, gesturing to the people in front of him.Harry laughed at the dumbstruck faces of the once dead and James SR spoke, 'I was going to ask you that, little one.'The little boy looked shocked at being spoken to, but answered happily none the less, 'I'm James!'James SR looked shocked at the little boy to his own son, Harry murmured quietly to the boy, 'tell them your full name,'James looked at his father in confusion but looked back at the adults, 'I'm James Sirius Potter!' he said giggling at the end. Harry laughed as Sirius blanched and said, 'you named your kid after us? Bloody hell.''James, go over to Nana,' Molly picked up her grandson as Harry took his other son off his wife, 'going to introduce yourself?' he said to the child.'I'm Albus!' Albus said, lisping slightly at the s.Dumbledore's eyes watered, as he said, 'Harry' but Harry cut him off, looking expectantly at his son, 'Albus Severus Potter,' The little boy corrected himself.Remus, Tonks, Fred and Sirius both looked disgusted, while James just looked shocked and Albus chuckled lightly. 'Albus, that man killed you!' Remus snarled.'Indeed, Harry, I believe you have some things to tell us,' he said calmly.Harry shot a panicked look at his wife, who nodded encouragingly. Harry sighed, trying to hide his panic, 'Everybody, besides you,' he said, gesturing to the seven recently resurrected people, 'out.'Molly and Arthur looked offended and there was instant uproar, 'No! No! I don't even want to show them!' he said over the noise, 'Ginny, take the kids, I'll be at Hogwarts tonight for my speech,' she nodded and left with her sons. 'The rest of ye, just leave, please,' he pleaded.After many arguments, Harry was left with the seven newbie's.'Harry, how's Teddy?' Tonks rushed.'Teddy?' James asked.'Our son.' Remus replied calmly.'Moony, you married my cousin, not cool.' Sirius grumbled.Harry looked around amused, 'he's fine, and we'll get there.' He said to the parents.And with a wave of his hand, a pensive floated in front of him. 'Now, for the fun,' he said sarcastically.
