The Forsaken ChildPrologueDisclaimer: Harry Potter belongs to J.K. Rowling.(A/N: This was written on an idea suggested by christian's bytch. I hope that it lives up to your expectations.)Bellatrix sneered as she watched her beloved cousin laugh and converse with the thorns in her Dark Lord's side. She had thought that once her beloved aunt had kicked him out she wouldn't see him again. He wouldn't be a problem for the Dark Lord. He would be too beat down without the shoulder of his family to lean on, but she had been wrong. Perfect James Potter had taken the disgrace in. Sirius Black strived just as hard as he had before. She curled her upper lip. He was happier than he had ever been before. The urge to ruin his happiness threatened to make her body shake. Oh the pleasure she would certainly feel to see his world come crashing downbut how? As she stared the cursed group that called themselves the Marauders and that Mudblood whore, she pondered the solution to her question.Like the devoted cousin she was, she paid close attention to her cousin's life. Common sense told her that James Potter was important to him. So to ruin Sirius Black, she would have to do something drastic to James Potter. A sick smile drifted onto her lips. Perhaps she could find a way to break up the Marauders in the process. Her Dark Lord would reward her handsomely if she found a way to remove those few thorns from his side. A delicious idea came to her. A quiet, deranged laugh bubbled up from the back of her throat. Her dark eyes darted toward the Mudblood whore and the happy group. Two birds with one stone. Underneath the cover of a table at the Three Broomsticks, she removed her wand from inside her sleeve. Bellatrix watched with hawk like eyes as James split away from his treasured group to order another round of drinks. She pointed her wand toward him."Imperio" She hissed the spell underneath her breath. A delighted cry threatened to escape her lips as she felt him attempting to throw her out. 'That's it Jamsiefight me' She cooed mentally as she upped the power behind the spell. He sagged against the bar as she broke through his mental shields."Here you go, man," she heard the bartender tell him. She rolled her eyes in exasperation as he blinked blankly up at her. The thing she most loved about the Imperious curse was also the thing she hated. It took the victim's will away completely and made them your personal puppet. It was very taxing because she had to direct his every move."Act normally but come to me at midnight" She whispered to him. Unknowingly, her hypnotic voice was picked up by the werewolf the Marauders had among them, but he couldn't distinguish the words. Remus Lupin glanced over his shoulder discreetly. His brown eyes narrowed as he spotted Bellatrix Black. He followed her piercing gaze to James. Suspicion raged through him. He shifted his step to keep a close eye on the witch. There was a slight movement underneath the table that his eyes locked on. His golden-brown eyes narrowed further."Earth to Remus," the werewolf tore his attention away from the witch to see a mug of Firewhiskey extended underneath his nose. He followed the mug up to James' dancing hazel eyes. "You alright, mate?" He asked as Remus took the mug from his hand."Yeah," Remus muttered distractedly. He studied his best mate for a moment. There was nothing off about his friend. His hazel eyes weren't glazed like an Imperious victim's eyes would be. James quirked an eyebrow at his friend and turned his attention back to Lily who had grabbed a hold of his arm as she laughed about something Sirius had told her. His close scrutiny allowed Bellatrix time to slip out of his sight and out of Three Broomsticks. He looked back toward the table to see it empty. He grit his teeth. 'Damn it'Lily gave a small groan of annoyance as the warmth beside her left. She opened her green eyes slowly to see James dressing. She furrowed her eyebrows and propped up on one arm as she watched him pull his black T-shirt over his head."James?" She croaked as she reached over and pulled the string to lamp. Dull light flooded the room. "What are you doing?" She asked. Her voice was clogged with sleep as she ran a hand through her long red hair. His hazel eyes flicked over to her for a moment before he sank down onto the end of the bed. Lily sat up further and ran her fingertips over her fianc's clothed shoulders."I've got to go pick up Peter from Three Broomsticks," he answered with a small roll of his eyes. "Apparently, Sirius disappeared in the back room with a woman and hasn't been seen from since. The horn dog probably fell asleep," James chuckled. Lily tilted her head.Sirius was in a steady relationship with Marlene, James and Peter knew that. It wasn't like James to so easily believe Peter about Sirius's affairs. He certainly wouldn't be amused if Sirius cheated on Marlene with some woman. She furrowed her eyebrows. "James-" Lily started. James stood up from their bed."I'll be back," he promised before walking out of the bedroom. Lily's brow furrowed further. James would always kiss her goodbye no matter what time he was leaving. She slipped her legs out from underneath the bed cover and slipped the jeans she had worn that day underneath her night dress. As she heard the front door open and close, she pushed her feet into her flip flops. She ran toward the door and jerked it open just in time to see her husband take off walking down the block in the light drizzle of rain."What the hell" she whispered as she started to follow him. If she didn't know something was wrong already, his behavior now would clearly alert her. James had lived his entire life as a wizard. He didn't see the point of walking when he could just apparate. Her flip flops padded quietly against her heels as she followed a good distance behind him.They ended up in the darkest part of town. Sirius Black's former home was just a few feet from where she was hiding. She watched with horrified eyes as James walked past that house and stopped at the front step of Bellatrix Black. He raised his hand and knock. The door opened to reveal a scantily clad Bellatrix."You came," she overheard Bellatrix coo."Of course," James replied. Lily's heart fell to her stomach at the charming smile he gave the deranged witch. Bile rose heavily into Lily's throat as she watched Bellatrix wrapped her slender arms around her fianc's shoulders and pull him into a kiss. James wrapped his arms around Bellatrix's waist and then they disappeared into her home, but not before Bella's black robe hit the front step. Lily crept closer despite her heart and mind screaming at her not too. She peered in through the window. She smothered her pained wail easily by slamming her hands over her mouth. James had Bellatrix pinned against the wall and was planting open mouthed kisses down her neck and shoulders. He hitched her thighs up around his hips. Bellatrix moaned as he ground his hips into her. Lily stumbled back away from the window and off of the front step. Her numb hand folded around her wand in her robe pocket. She was unaware of Bellatrix's malicious eyes on her as she pulled it from her robe. They burned with pleasure and glee as she took in Lily's pain. Bellatrix shuddered and ground her hips harder into James. He groaned into her ear. Bellatrix bit into his earlobe roughly. James' hips surged forward underneath the pain. Her hips knocked against the wall behind her. She laughed as her father's picture fell from the wall. Lily swallowed back her sob as she apparated away from the scene."Take me upstairs" Bellatrix hissed in his ear as a loud pop came from outside. A cruel laugh tore from her lips as a tear feel from James' eye. She licked the tear off of his cheek as he pulled her from the wall and carried her up the stairs to her bedroom. James laid her down on the bed just as Lily arrived outside of Remus' cabin home.Lily raised her shaking hand and pounded on the front door. Remus jumped at the sudden noise. His tea sloshed from the cup and scorched his hand. He cursed and dropped the cup."Remus!" He heard Lily cry. He rose warily from his couch. Mad Eye Moody's warnings bubbled around in his head. It could be a Death Eater disguised as his friend. He froze at the door. "I promise it's really me!" She sobbed. Remus flinched and closed his eyes. The pain in her voice swayed him. His fingers curled around the handle. He jerked it open to see the tortured green eyes of his best friend's fianc. Instantly, she was on him. Her hands were curling in his night shirt and she was pushing him back into his house. His back hit the wall with a thud. Lily fell onto his chest. Her green eyes turned up to him. "There's something wrong with James!" Lily choked through her tears. She was crying so hard that he feared she would vomit."Lily, Lily, calm down," Remus tried as he ran his hands up and down her arms. Quietly, he instructed her to take deep even breathes. It took a few minutes, but she eventually stopped shaking. Remus looked deeply into her green eyes and whispered soothingly, "Tell me what happened"Lily sat on Remus' couch cushions after she had finished her story. Her hands were folded numbly around a hot tea cup. Sirius and Peter sat on either side of her. Sirius' arms rested across her shoulders as he tried to give her what little comfort he could. A worried yet angry scowl tugged his lips downward. Peter held her hand tightly in his."But why would Bellatrix use the Imperious curse to seduce James?" Lily whispered. Remus' brown eyes were filled with sadness as he shrugged."Think about it, guys" Peter whispered. "He's the Marauders' leader and he's Sirius' best friend""Are you suggesting that she did this just to get to Sirius?" Lily demanded. Peter looked over at her. Despite his expression being so sheepish, his eyes were hard."She wants to try and tear us apart from the inside. Think about it. If all you hadn't noticed any of the differences in James, what would you think upon seeing him show up on Bellatrix's doorstep?""Certainly not that he had betrayed us!" Lily exploded as she shot up from the couch. Sirius parroted it. She was conscious enough of the tea cup in her hands. Even in her anger, she didn't wish to dirty Remus' carpet with tea stains. Peter raised his eyebrows, but didn't say what he was thinking. She turned her glaring green eyes away from Peter to Remus. "I'm going to go home and wait for him" Lily told him softly. "Thank you forall of this" Remus smiled tightly."We're coming with you," he told her. Sirius nodded and stood from the couch with him. Peter stood up awkwardly. After that comment, he didn't know if he would be welcome. As Lily, Remus, and Sirius activated the Floo Network, Peter slipped out of the cabin. Once he was far enough away from Remus' cabin, he apparated back to his own apartment."Where did Peter get too?" Lily asked softly as they readied to travel back to her home with James. Sirius shrugged."He probably didn't want to take the FlooYou know him. He gets sick just from flying"James groaned as he came back to senses. He raised a hand and pressed it to his forehead."Ow" He whispered. "Did I get drunk with Padfoot again?" He wondered as he let his hand fall down onto the bed beside him. His eyes popped open as he felt silk. Lily and he didn't have silk sheets. And their ceiling light wasn't a chandelier. He bolted up to see an empty, green and silver bedroom. His mouth went dry. He was naked in an unfamiliar bedroom. His eyes widened as he saw a black bra swinging on the edge of the chandelier. "Oh god!" The pieces fell into place. "Lily" He breathed. He was out of the bed before he even finished her name. He struggled to find his clothes, ended up putting his shirt backwards, and leaving his pants unbuttoned. But those weren't his main concerns right now. Lily was at their house probably mad with worry; and conscious or not, he had cheated on her with some unknown woman. He apparated while inside that foreign bedroom. Downstairs, Bellatrix Black smiled evilly and chuckled. What she wouldn't give to be a fly on the wall when he got home.The moment he landed in his living room, he was prepared for the argument of his life. He was prepared for Lily to throw her ring back at him and storm out of the house. He was ready for his world to end. He wasn't however ready to be tackled by two bodies. His eyes widened as he looked down. Lily was the first person to hug him. Sirius was behind Lily. An amused Remus stood just beside the couch. The werewolf wore a soft smile."Thank god you're okay!" Lily breathed from against his chest. James' stomach twisted violently as guilt assaulted him. Sirius stepped back and stood next to Remus. His grey eyes spoke his relief. James looked back down at his fianc."Lily.Lily"He breathed. Pain exploded in him as he tried to pry Lily's hands from around his waist. "Lily! I cheated on you! I don't knowhowI got there and I don't think I was in fully aware of my actionsI know it doesn't-" Lily covered his mouth with her hand. His eyes widened as he stared down at her. He expected anger, but what he found was a soul crushing sadness."I know" She whispered. "I followed you." His heart broke. Tears leaked from his eyes. Remus and Sirius turned their heads the other way. "But you are right. You weren't in control of yourself" James furrowed his eyebrows in confusion."We believe Bellatrix Black cast the Imperious curse on you," Remus injected. James' mouth fell open softly. Lily eased him down onto the couch. Her hands constantly rubbed up and down his bicep as she tried to pump as much comfort as possible into her fianc. "To make us turn against each other." James didn't have a reaction. He was overwhelmed. He couldn't remember what he had done. He couldn't remember anythingjust like Mad Eye Moody had said. Any victim of the Imperious curse would have no recollection of their actions. James ran his hands through his hair and gripped the back of his neck. He kept his head down and sighed. His hazel eyes fixed on the mud stain his shoes had left on the carpet. He couldn't remember anything after he went to bed. He closed his eyes and clenched his jaw. He could have pretended this entire night hadn't happened if it weren't for his waking up in that damned room."Why have me" James couldn't finish the sentence, but the others understood. Sirius grit his teeth and clenched his fists. He hated this. He hated seeing his best friend in pain. His nails bit deeply into his skin."The bitch enjoys seeing other people in pain. The more the merrier" Sirius growled. "She more than likely knew Lily was watching""I thinkwhat Sirius is trying to say," Remus started as he sank down next to James on the couch. Lily glanced away from her husband's bowed form to meet Remus' pained brown eyes. "That she knew hurting you would hurt all of us. What would hurt you more than losing Lily?" Remus let the thought trail off. James lowered his hands from the back of his neck and leaned back. He reached down and laid his hand over Lily's hand. She glanced down to their hands that rested on his thigh before flicking her eyes back up to his. She had to find a way to show her fianc that she didn't blame him. The Imperious curse was extremely hard to fight, even more so when it was someone who had been performing it since age thirteen as Bellatrix had. James never stood a chance. Lily flipped her hand over and laced her fingers through his. Her heart ached as she stared into James' remorseful hazel eyes. How would she make him see it? "She more than likely hoped that we would turn against one another" A small silence fell over them."I wouldn't blame you if you had" James muttered brokenly. Sirius, Remus, and Lily shared a sad but determined look. They would work to prove to James that this hadn't changed anything between them. They were going to be together until the very end; nothing was going to change that.Nine Months LaterBellatrix stared numbly down at the child in her arms. Disgust raged up in her as she looked into the baby girl's eyes. James Potter's hazel eyes stared up at her. The baby girl smiled. Bellatrix curled her upper lip. Her disgust wasn't helped by the fact she had been forced to have her child in a Muggle hospital to keep her family from knowing. They would expect her to keep the little bastard and to notify the father. The very idea of James Potter knowing of the baby's existence made her sick. He made her sick! Her plan had failed. The Marauders and the Mudblood were going as strong as they had been before while her world was falling apart around her. Morning sickness, an aching back, and that damned kicking"I do not want it," Bellatrix told the doctor coldly. Her dark eyes were slightly deranged as she looked over at the bald man. "Is there anything I can do?""Youcan um put her up for adoption," the doctor stuttered. His didn't bother hiding the surprise he felt. There had been no love in this woman's expression as she looked down at her daughter. What mother could hold such distain for a newborn child? What could the child possibly have done?His mouth fell open when the woman practically tossed the newborn child into his arms. He quickly supported the child's head and checked to make sure the woman's carelessness hadn't harmed her. He looked back up at the woman. "The fatherneeds to be notif-" His bravado faltered as he looked into her eyes. In those few seconds, he saw his life flash before his eyes."The father is dead" Bellatrix hissed."O-OkayI'll justtake her to the infirmary andget the paperwork" He all but ran with the child.As Bellatrix filled out the papers, she pondered what she wanted the child's last name to be. Because the father was "deceased", it could be anything. No one would question a widow and she couldn't have James tracking his daughter down. He would no doubt expect her to give her daughter her last name. That couldn't do. James could never find out. He could never have her. Buther daughter would no doubt be a powerful witch as she aged. So, she signed her into an almost existent Pureblood disgraceshe gave her daughter the Granger name. Very few Pureblood families even knew the name anymore. Years of marrying and having abominations with Muggles caused their line to become weak. She smirked."Are you finished, ma'am?" The doctor asked from the corner of the room. That smirk she wore sent chills down his spine, but he didn't dare question her. She glanced over at him and gave him a deceptively friendly smile. She signed her name on the consent line and shoved the papers in his direction without a word.
