Hey, I'm back! I told you I wouldn't be away for long :P I really hope you all enjoyed my last story! It took me ages to write but I bloody loved writing it! This is going to my third Harry fic as I can't seem to stop, although this one isn't going to be as long as the others. Not quite a oneshot (Is that the stories with just one chapter?) But not a 80,000 plus one either.As much as it pains me to say, I don't own HP. I never have and I never will and I write these stories purely for fun, as I have an active imagination and I enjoy making the good, bad and the bad, good.Either way, please enjoy! This story will contain SLASH. Boys on boys, men on men, etc.You have been warned. Plus, I may swear regularly. Sorry!Thinking of making this a Veela Draco fic. Yes, I think I will. Woooo!Everything is how it is in the film, except Snape is alive. He survived Nagini's attack and he's back in full force.Chapter one: Hogwarts.Harry was fuming. Not just angry. But so angry he could burst into flames at any given moment. That stupid, stuck-up, Pure-blooded PRICK!He felt like he could rip his hair out, what was Snape thinking? Stupid man should have died when he was meant to.Harry shook his head vigorously and he felt a bit ashamed. He shouldn't be thinking those thoughts. Snape wasn't a bad man, in fact he was a really good man. Not that he liked people knowing, of course. It wasn't even his fault, not really.But why? Why was Malfoy doing this again? There was NO need whatsoever.'I thought he'd changed. At least a bit.' Harry muttered to himself. 'Obviously I'm wrong. Again.'It was their second day back at Hogwarts and Harry really hadn't wanted to go back, he didn't want to be reminded of all the shit that had happened to him and his friends just a few months before.But no, Ron and Hermione had basically forced him too, saying it would be good for him.'Bullshit.' He had muttered to himself. Voldemort was dead, at last. And Harry just wanted to wallow in self-pity for a bit, just while he came to terms with everything.But no, Ron and Hermione had basically pulled him by his messy raven hair and threw him on the train before he could run away. They had literally slammed the compartment door in his face and locked him inside. Thankfully, Seamus, Dean, Neville, Luna and Ginny were already in there.So, they had been in on it then? Harry thought. Was there no one he could trust? He knew he was acting like a petulant child, but he couldn't help himself.Harry sat on his bed, up in the Gryffindor dorms and closed his eyes. He just wanted to be alone for five minutes, but everyone had took it upon themselves to babysit him 24 hours a day. He finally got that wish, along with a bruised jaw.Anyway, he thought. He was busy bitching about Malfoy, when his traitorous friends entered his mind.He had pleaded for Malfoy's freedom, for Merlin's sake! Yeah, he may of owed Draco's Mother a life debt, but the Slytherin himself owed Harry one. He could at least be a bit grateful. He knew Draco didn't want to do all the shitty things he was made to do. Draco Malfoy wasn't a killer, he wasn't even that bad a person. He was brought up in an environment where he was taught that because of his riches and blood-status that he was better than everyone else, even most of his fellow Slytherins. But he soon realised that, that certainly wasn't the case, when he lost pretty much everything.They were in Potions and Snape had asked everyone to pair up. Ron chose Hermione, Dean chose Seamus and Neville didn't take Potions anymore. The other Gryffindors had already partnered up. Every single one. Harry checked. Twice.'You'd think they'd fight for the chance to work with me.' He grumbled haughtily to himself. He didn't really believe it, but he was in a mood.Blaise Zabini was lumbered with Goyle, as Crabbe was dead, Pansy paired with Millicent, Theo paired with a quiet, Slytherin girl, and Malfoy was left alone. He looked around, hoping that one of his classmates would help him out. But to no avail.Most of the other Slytherins didn't want much to do with him, but he lifted his chin in the air and acted like the ice-cold Prince he was.That was, until he was paired with Harry-Bloody-Potter.The lesson had been a disaster. Goyle threw something into his cauldron and the whole bloody thing blew up in Draco's and Harry's face.Draco naturally blamed Harry.Harry naturally blamed Draco.Blaise rushed over to help Draco at the same time Ron tried to help Harry. They collided heads, and they both ended up out cold, much to the amusement of the other Students.Luckily, no one was hurt bad, and because of that Draco decided to punch Harry square in the jaw.Harry, seeing red threw one back breaking Draco's nose on impact. It soon turned into a full-out playground brawl.Professor Snape had simply grabbed them both by the collars and launched them out into the hallway, hissing something about insolent teenagers, while he finished the rest of his lesson. He had simply used 'ennerverate' on the two unconscious boys and they had carried on as if nothing had happened.Harry glared at Malfoy and stomped away, up to the tower. He had an hour until lunch, and he had no more lessons to go to until after, so he decided to take a nap.'After everything I've done for him! All he can do is punch me! Wanker.' Harry decided that he didn't want to sleep anymore, he wanted to get even. So he left the tower and made his way back down to the dungeons, hoping that the blonde would still be outside.He wasn't and Harry growled.'Looking for me Potter?' A voice sounded behind him. He spun around and he saw Draco standing there twiddling a wand between his hands.'Malfoy.''Came for a duel did we?''No. I came to talk. And maybe to punch you, but I don't think I want to hit you anymore, stomping around a castle has a calming effect on one.''Oh yay!' He drawled sarcastically. 'Stomping is not calming, you plebian.'Harry ignored the comment and looked straight into Draco's stormy grey eyes.'I wanted to know, why the hell you hit me when you knew I'd done nothing wrong?'Draco shut his eyes and Harry could swear he saw a painful look flit across the pale features.'Haven't you figured it out yet? I thought you were meant to of grown a brain over the last year?''I can guess it's because despite saving their arse's, they don't like me, and they don't really like you much either, sooooo, you ignored the fact that that stupid oaf Goyle spiked our potion, and you let them think that you thought it was me, so you'd have a reason to punch me and get back in their good books.'Malfoy sighed. He nodded curtly. He didn't know what to do about his housemates, but Malfoy's did NOT act like silly teenagers.'I don't blame you.' Harry said quietly.The Slytherin looked shocked at that little statement. His mouth formed a perfect 'O', but when he realised his mask had slipped he snapped his mouth shut abruptly.'Huh?''I said, I don't blame you. You've lost all respect from your house when I stood up for you at the Ministry. I'm sorry for that, but I couldn't see an innocent get locked up in that God-awful place.''I was never innocent Potter. I almost killed Bell, and Weasley.''Yes I know. I was there, both times ironically.''So you should be beating the living shit out of me.''Yeah, I suppose so.''You suppose so?' Malfoy arched a perfect eyebrow at Harry and waited for him to elaborate. Harry sighed.'I've had enough of fighting Draco.' The Gryffindor said softly.Draco gasped. Did Potter just use his given name? And why did it sound nice coming out Potter's mouth?'My whole damn life I've been fighting. I can't do it anymore. I won't do it anymore. I'm done.''Your whole life? Don't make me laugh. You've been fed with a golden spoon your whole life! The boy-who-lived-to-annoy-me! Everyone worshipped you!' Malfoy barked.Harry let out a dark chuckle.'I lived with my muggle relatives, who hated the very air I breathed. I lived in a cupboard for ten years of my life. They tried to beat the magic out of me and I barely got fed, let alone with a golden spoon.'Malfoy felt like he couldn't breathe. Harry Potter living in a cupboard? The very thought was preposterous. The very thought made him angry.'First year: I almost died, fighting against Voldemort. Second year: The whole school turned against me when they realised I could talk to snakes, and yet again, I almost died fighting against Voldemort. Third year I was led to believe that my Godfather was a mass-murderer who pretty much killed my Parents. Fourth year, I watched a friend die and then went on to see Voldemort rise from the grave, and yet again, he tried to kill me. Merlin, that cruico was painful.'Harry shuddered at the memory. 'Not to mention, everyone thought I was a liar and my best friend turned against me.''Fifth year, most of the Wizarding World turned against me and I was branded a liar again, but this time I was crazy too. I suffered under the hands of a Professor who was meant to be here to protect us. I was possessed, and almost killed again, not to mention my Godfather was killed right in front of my eyes. Sixth year I watched an old friend die, and there was fuck all I could do about it. And don't get me started on seventh year! I spent 10 months camping while I was trying to find a way to kill Voldemort. Ron turned his back on me again, although not for long this time. I was almost eaten by an evil snake, my friend died in my arms, my best friend was tortured by a mad woman, another friend was held captive for goodness knows how long, just because her and her Father supported me. So many of my friends died around me in the last battle and I couldn't do anything to stop it. My Godson is now an orphan and I'm stuck at school, when I could be with him.''Shit. Potter. I'm... I feel I should apologize on behalf of my family.''Yeah right. It's not your fault...I don't know why I told you that, but it feels good to get it off my chest I suppose. I'm fed up with all these people who love me because I'm Harry Potter. They don't know the crap I've been through, they all expect me to be happy and live in peace. I suppose, despite the fact I hated you, I respected you as you were the only one to be consistent in your hatred for me. You never pretended. You didn't give a shit. And you were a decent competition.' He ended with a grin.Draco couldn't help but laugh at that.'You need to watch your back Malfoy, your house isn't going to be the only one giving you grief, I know you probably don't want my help, but I can keep the pricks to a minimum.''Are you offering to look out for me Potter?''Yeah, suppose so. New year, clean slate?''Okay.''Okay?''Yes Potter, it means yes I accept your offer.''Git.' Harry laughed, he held out his hand and waited.Draco took it and he smiled. 'Friends.''Friends.' Harry repeated. He noticed that Draco looked nice when he smiled. Not smirking or sneering. But smiling really suited him.'So how we going to go about this? Do we make it public, or do we pretend to hate each other still?'Draco was finding it hard to let go of Harry's hand, and he was sure the green-eyed man had noticed.Harry had noticed, but it was hard for him too. Odd, he thought.'Make it public, no one gives a shit anymore. Except some of the older Students, I suppose. The ones with the deep rooted hatred.''So basically Goyle, Parkinson, Ron, McCormack, Finch-Fletchley and McMillian then?' Harry snickered.'And Blaise, although his is more a front, like me.''Like you?' Harry said, raising an eyebrow.'I will say now, that I am sorry for everything I've put you through, you had it hard enough without me being a prick. Don't tell anyone, as I will deny it. Malfoy's do not apologize, it makes us look weak. I will let them know in my own time, if that's okay with you, Golden Boy?' Draco laughed. This was much better than fighting!'Merlin forbid people know about your nice side. I wouldn't believe it, if I wasn't here right now.' Harry replied. 'I won't say anything, but thanks. So what about this famous Malfoy mask?'Harry had essentially told Draco his life story, and he was surprised the blonde had listened and believed him. He was interested in knowing about Slytherin's ex Ice-Prince. Really interested. In fact, he could stand here all day and watch that face.Where the fuck did that come from?'Lets go for a walk. It's cold stood here.' Draco said as he wrapped his robes tighter around himself.They began walking, Harry letting Draco lead the way.'So you ready to hear my story Potter?'Harry nodded.'As you know, I'm an only child. Most pure-blood families only have one child as it makes naming an heir much easier. That Child is expected to make the family proud, and basically do everything they say, marry who they deem acceptable, have etiquette, and bear an heir of their own. Children are precious in our world, Potter. What happened to you is evil. If a Witch or Wizard done that, they'd be sentenced to Azkaban for life. No chance of getting out. It's as bad, if not worse than murder. As a Malfoy, I never really played, I had to be the best in everything, and I wasn't allowed to cry. Not in front of my Father anyway. I remember one day when I as seven I was playing with a toy broom my Mother had bought me, when my Father walked in on me, whilst I should've been studying. I had never seen him so angry. He was mad at me, and that was my first beating.'Harry frowned and shuddered slightly. He remembered his first beating too.'And it went like that, from then on. My Mother would help me when she could, in fact she took a beating for me so many times I'm surprised she's not permanently damaged. I would never admit it but I was scared of going home in the summer and I would beg one of my friends to let me go home with them, in a way that was acceptable for a Malfoy of course. I wasn't allowed to show emotion, and when he knew I went to school with you, he asked, no commanded that I run you down as much as possible, to make you down and depressed so that when the Dark Lord came back to power, you'd be easily killed off. As I got older the beatings got more severe. I wasn't the best in anything, I always came second. To you in Quidditch and Defence and to Granger in everything else.''Which is why you only called her Mudblood and none of the other Muggleborns?''Yes. Blood purity was never really a biggie to me. She was a Gryffindor, and your friend. I had too. I couldn't even pretend as Crabbe and Goyle would report back on me every week. They gained a Malfoy's favour, by spying on me. Oh yeah, they liked me enough but my Father bribed them with money and food. That was more important than loyalty. My Father only allowed me to play Quidditch when he realised you were on the team, he paid for an instructor and everything.''You can tell, you're amazing on a broom.'Harry blushed, that came out a lot ruder than he'd intended. Draco laughed.'That's another thing. Although I'm pretty poor now, I would have been regardless of whether the Ministry took it all or not, I told my Mother that I was, umm... that I was g-gay. Or at least bi. And he overheard. I would have been disowned.''You're gay? I would never have noticed. That's fucking awful, sorry Malfoy.''Ha, thanks. He almost killed me then, but what I didn't realise is that I can't help who I fall in love with and he knew that all along.''No one can.''No, but Pure-blood families like mine marry for status and wealth. I need to bond to the one I love, or I'll die.'Draco took pity on Harry's open mouth and carried on with the story. The confusion on Harry's face was cute, and he scrunched up his nose.'I'm part Veela.''Oh wow, that was unexpected. Like Fleur?''Yeah, I have a bit more than her though as both my Mother and my Father have got veela blood. Bellatrix and Andromeda didn't get a single drop of Veela blood, and neither did their Mother, but it skipped a generation and went to my Mother and then me. It's hard to explain, but my Great-Great-Great-Great Grandmother could have been a Veela, but none of her offspring inherited it and neither did their children, and so on...But then I came out of the woodwork with a high percentage of the damn stuff. So it kind of comes and goes when it pleases, and manifests randomly.''Ah. I see.' Harry nodded. He did see, indeed.'My Father knew this, and he decided to tell his Lord. Voldemort was very pleased, as you can imagine.' He sneered.'But doesn't that dilute your Pure-bloodedness?' Harry asked innocently.'You would have thought so, but Veela are a powerful and coveted race. It's good to have the Veela genes.''Ah okay..So anyway, about true love and all that?''So my Father was hoping I'd be as power hungry as him and want to join the Dark Lord, maybe even...'Draco looked like he was about to be sick so Harry put an arm around the blonde's shoulders. It felt awkward, but nice.It felt really nice.'Maybe even marry him.' Draco whispered, he shivered and took a deep breath.'Oh Merlin, no way. Oh Dray...''He used a potion on me that would curb my cravings, as it were. So that I couldn't find my mate, and then I would of had to mate with someone quickly or I'd die. He didn't care if I was gay, as long as it was with that monster.''That fucker wanted you to.. m-mate with him!?''Yeah, and I would of had too, if you didn't kill him when you did. The potion is still in my system, but when it finally goes I'll be able to find my life mate. I'm hoping he'll be around here. It'll be extremely inconsiderate of him, if he's not at Hogwarts.'Harry chuckled. 'And you know it's a man that you'll mate with?''Yeah, I can feel it. My Father assumed I'd find a nice, 'Pure-blooded' Veela, or just a Witch that I would mate with, but no, I had to be different.''You love who you love, regardless if you're a Veela or not.''I know, Harry. But like I said, my family works differently.''My Aunt and Uncle were homophobic. They were the worst sort, they would have blown a gasket if they knew just what their Son was getting up to!''He's gay?''Dunno, but he was definitely experimenting. I walked on him him receiving a blowjob from his best friend. Ugh. Scarred me for life that did.''Stupid muggles. Oh look at that, it's lunch time. You go in first Potter.''It's Harry.''Harry?''Yes, that's my name you git. Call me Harry.''Okay, call me Draco. It's only fair.''Okay, Draco. Wanna walk me to lunch, all these Students scare me!'Draco laughed and together they walked into the Great Hall. The talking stopped as soon as they entered the room, but that was to be expected. Hermione gasped, Ron went red and the Slytherins frowned.'See you in Defence?''Yeah, see you then.'AN: Well I hope you enjoyed that. It's a fairly long chapter I know and the others may or may not be that long :P Feel free to review!
