"Mum is going to be so mad when she finds out." a boy said then rushing through an open field, he was following a slightly older girl but it was so early that the dim light made it very difficult to fully distinguish anything else."She is not going to find out because no one is going to tell her." the girl replied without slowing down, she seemed to be very busy looking for something in that field but the lack of sunlight was making things very hard and the boy's complaints were not helping."She will, she always does." the boy insisted."This time she won't." the girl tried to cut off the conversation.The redhead boy trailed off for a moment but it didn't took long before he spoke again. "How do you know that?""I-I... I just know ok? ""Well I think that she will find out." the boy said."Hugo please, it's not the time.""We should explain her everything before she finds out, it will be better. Besides if it works she might not even be mad at all.""Hugo..." the girl said clearly annoyed now."What? Do you think that she'll be mad either way? I think that-""Hugo!" the girl finally stopped quickly turning to face her brother with a disgruntled face "She won't! ok? now can you please stop whining and hurry up? I don't want the wrong people spotting us here."All the answer that she got was a slow and discouraged nod but that was more than enough for her because in the current situation they just couldn't allow to waste any more time. Her eyes moved then trying to see if they were noticed by someone and when she was sure that no one else was around she switched her attention back to the front.They continued walking through the dark countryside without much luck for some time, whatever they were looking for didn't seem like something easy to find so the desperation became soon visible on the girl's face. The night had been long so she was tired and hungry but that thought only made things worse because she had been blaming herself for not bringing any food with them, it really seemed like a stupid idea not packing at least a nosh when they didn't knew how long the trip was going to take.The redhead girl sighed taking all those thoughts away from her head, wondering about what could had happened didn't matter because the most important thing at the moment was to focus on her task. So she tried something different, she extended her arms ahead and started moving them hastily, she walked around as if she was trying to seize something out of the thin air. "I know it is around here, I just know it." she mumbled to herself, "I recognize those hills... things look different but even so... Hummm" she snorted.She kept moving her head in all directions and wandering from one place to another until she noticed that the silence had covered her entirely, her eyes expanded at once and she turned around quickly very afraid of not finding her brother anymore. Fortunately for her the boy was still there staring heavily at his feet with a very sad look on his face, that image surprised the bushy haired girl who after a moment sighed and approached the boy trying to look less severe."Hugo, we have to do this ok? We are already here, there is no going back." she said putting a hand over his shoulder, "Sorry for yelling at you, I'm just nervous, we really need to find the place.""I know"The girl was expecting a more elaborate answer so she let a long time pass before talking again, "Are you all right?""Yeah, it's just that... no forget it""Hugo what's the matter?""I... well I just... I want this to work." he said stopping for a couple of seconds to breath, "I really want it to work. I miss him... I miss them" he finished on a dreary tone.Those simple words took the girl by surprise and then all the sorrow came back crushing her spirits. The girl couldn't remember them without the tragedy now, every time that she thought about her mother, her godfather or the rest of her family she saw them sobbing their lives away and she couldn't go through that all over again.She fixed her blue eyes on her brother trying to answer on a soft voice. "I miss them too, that's why we are here, remember? We will bring him back."After a moment Hugo tightened his mouth raising his eyes slowly to get a better look at her, "Rose?""Yes?""What we are doing... it is wrong, right?" asked Hugo with an edgy voice.Rose was caught off guard by her brother's statement but she didn't found a way to disagree, the truth was that she had been thinking the exact same thing ever since they took that time-turner and it was clear that what they had done was not only wrong but it was illegal too. The night before they had broken into their mother's office with the only thought of bringing their father back and they didn't consider the consequences then, all what they were thinking at that moment was that the small golden hourglass on their mother's desk could fix everything and it took them less than a minute to make up their minds. Now, if everything worked as expected, they were in the past with no one knowing that they exist but hopefully that also meant that they were at a moment when their father was still alive.Rose nodded, "It is wrong Hugo, I knew it the second we took that thing. However we are already here and this only works one way." she answered pulling a golden chain from beneath her shirt, "We have to continue."Hugo seemed to be thinking about it for a moment then he spoke again, "Do you really think that we can bring him back?""Of course! otherwise all of this would have been for nothing. It has to work" she said giving the boy a wide smile, Hugo nodded trying to look more hopeful."Now, do you want to help me? We are close, I can feel it."The boy's face went bright and nodded with enthusiasm, "Sure, what do you need me to do?"Both of them spent the next hour moving their arms all around the field but without being able to find what they were looking for, a few times they even changed the direction and threw rocks at the wide space like waiting for something to answer but whatever they were waiting for it didn't come. Soon they found themselves exhausted and decided to rest for a while on a log that was nearby, that's where the light of the morning sun caught them."Are you sure that this is the place?" Hugo asked after a long pause."Positive, just look... can't you recognize it?"The boy moved his head around narrowing his eyes as if that could help him get a clue of what he was supposed to notice. "I think so..." he said.Rose was worried about him, the boy had not been the same ever since their father's death and even when she had been having a pretty awful time herself she knew that she had to be strong for him, that was what they would've wanted her to do."Rose? Why didn't we apparated or something?"Rose noticed that Hugo was looking peaky but there was not much that she could do about it, they hadn't brought any food or Muggle money with them so their options were scarce because of that foolishness. The girl wailed softly at their situation thinking that if she had acted less impulsively maybe they wouldn't be struggling like that but she also knew that if she hadn't acted like that they probably wouldn't be where they were in the first place, she was always more judicious on second thoughts."Neither of us knows how to apparate Hugo, I'm sorry." said Rose looking ashamed of not having answers for him.Hugo looked confused, "Sorry? sorry for what?""Because I dragged you here without a plan? or maybe because I was so dumb that forgot to pack something to eat?""Oi! Hold your hipogriffs! What do you mean? I was there too and I didn't bring anything either," Hugo started, "besides you didn't drag me, I came all by myself""But if I only-""No!, this is not your fault Rose, now knock it off and lets keep moving. We have to find that- those- whatever" said the boy standing up from the old log.Rose smiled at her little brother and she stood up also with renewed energies, Hugo had always been very simple with things and she was grateful for that.Their task continued for another half hour until something unexpected happened, Rose was walking through the field but for a moment she got distracted on a distant point and didn't notice when something hit her hard in the front, immediately after that she was propelled to the ground with great strength."Ouch!" she whined rubbing her rear where she had landed."Rose!" yelled Hugo running towards his sister, "What happened? Are you all right?""Yeah, it's just... my arse"Hugo laughed briefly, "What? What happened?" he tried to sound serious but he failed to remove the wide smile out of his face when he noticed that his sister was ok.Seeing Hugo smile was surely something positive but in her current position she didn't found it amusing, "Oh stop it!""Sorry it's just that- what happened?" he asked again turning to look in the direction where her sister had been standing just moments before.Rose snorted at him and she moved her blue eyes to the front, "Don't know I hit... something" her explanation had been very vague but even so it was wrong because in front of her there was nothing but air. "... What the...?""Rose there's nothing there, didn't you trip over?""Of course not! something hit me!" replied Rose very offended."All right, all right, let me see." Hugo said standing up and walking to where her sister had been supposedly thrown away."Hugo, be careful" added Rose still from her place in the ground."It's ok- I guess" said the boy as he started touching lightly the weird space, Hugo's eyes opened in surprise then because every time that the tip of his finger got near to the point where Rose had been hit a few waves moved around as if the air was not air but a long portion of transparent and vertical water."Oh!" Rose said widening her eyes, "we found it!""What!? Really?! this... thing?" asked Hugo raising and eyebrow."Yes! those are the wards.""Are you sure?" asked the redhead boy still reluctantly."Of course I am sure! I know about these things."Hugo gave up the argument, "If you say so, but how do we get in?""I don't know" said Rose honestly."You don't know?!" asked Hugo, "so are we just going to stay here until someone sees us?""Maybe we can walk around it until we find an entry point or something like that." suggested Rose standing up and shaking the dirt out of her blue jeans."Rubbish! I have a better idea" said Hugo grabbing a rock from the ground."No! Hugo wait!"But it was too late because the rock flew away from Hugo's hand and went straight to the invisible wall in front of them. Rose ducked instinctively expecting the rock to come back to them but nothing happened."Huh? where is it?""Oh... On the other side probably." answered Hugo, "Crap! I thought that it would let us in or at least give us a clue.""Hugo these are powerful wards, they are not going to be beaten by a stupid rock!""Well it was worth the try, didn't it?"Rose snorted and then she walked towards the barrier but she didn't got a solution, instead she experienced the same air waves than her brother, "Guess that it only blocks persons, not rocks.""Now what?"The redhead girl narrowed her eyes trying to find a way in but she was out of ideas, she got very frustrated about her current situation because her birthday was a few days away and she was going to be of age but until then she couldn't use her wand outside of Hogwarts, at least that was the situation before she left home and she didn't want to risk finding out how the trip affected the underage restriction. They remained there for a couple of minutes with Hugo throwing more rocks to the wall as Rose tried to imagine how many things she could try if she were able to use her wand but suddenly a voice brought them out of their thoughts."Who are you and what are you doing here?" the strong voice asked.They both gasped in surprise because out of nowhere a man had appeared holding a wand and pointing it directly at them. The man was tall and handsome and his hair was totally red, Rose didn't recognize him at first because of how young he looked but Hugo mumbled something that brought light to the girl quickly, "U-Uncle B-Bill?" he asked doubtfully from behind her but in a voice so low that Rose was sure that the man didn't hear him."What was that? I asked you a question." Bill Weasley's voice sounded very severe."Two actually." answered Hugo instinctively."Don't try to act funny with me!" he insisted gripping his wand even more dangerously, "I want answers and I want them now unless you want things to get ugly."Hugo and her sister were temporarily stunned by the reaction of the man in front of them, they couldn't believe that he was the same good man that used to share his awesome stories about Africa with them, the man that they knew was always laughing and trying to turn a blind eye to every prank being orchestrated but this man didn't seem to have a sense of humour at all. Something didn't felt right for Rose who until that day had a very different image of the eldest Weasley brother, all of her life she had thought that beyond the scruffy clothing style and the intimidating scar Bill Weasley was so good-natured that he wouldn't be able to kill a fly even if he tried to, now she wasn't so sure of that anymore."I don't have all day!" yelled the young scarless man, he was now moving his wand impatiently between them and narrowing his uncanny blue eyes like trying to decide what to do with them.Hugo turned to look at his sister with fearful eyes at which the girl's only answer was a reassuring nod. Rose knew that they never expected to face their uncle when they first decided to travel all this way back but now they needed to convince him if they didn't want to be victims of his wand."I'm Rose" said the girl with determination, "and this is my brother Hugo"The redhead man seemed to ease a bit at the first of his questions answered but still there was a long way until Rose could feel that they had convinced him. "Last name!"Rose's eyes moved briefly to her brother who had paled at that question, "It's all right Hugo" she said and then moved back to face her uncle, "Weasley"The surprise was evident on Bill Weasley's face and for moment it appeared as he had loosened the grip on his wand but he soon regained his severe expression and returned to his previous behaviour, "Rubbish! I know the Weasley family tree perfectly, there is no Rose or Hugo in there! Last name!" he asked again pointing his wand at Rose."She already told you! is that so hard to notice?!" yelled Hugo rushing to stand between the man and his sister with a frown on his face.Bill Weasley was suddenly stunned looking at the boy and after a moment his eyes opened wide and he gapped, "R-Ron?... what are you...? what is going...?... What?" The grip from his wand loosened again but before anyone could say anything else they were interrupted by a another man appearing.Rose's blue eyes quickly expanded at the sight a much younger Arthur Weasley who didn't have a single grey hair on his head yet, "What's happening here?" he demanded looking at Rose and Hugo."Dad? What are you doing here?""Your mother was nervous, you were taking too long." the man said turning to look at the visitors, "Who are they?""They say that their names are Rose and Hugo, they say that they are Weasleys but they're lying there are no Roses or Hugos in the family tree. Still look at the boy, he looks a lot like...""Ron" Rose's grandfather sighed with disbelief as his son nodded at him. Then the man turned to look at Rose and he appeared to be surprised again, "And the girl, she is Hermione..."Rose's uncle seemed surprised because he hadn't noticed that before but he soon agreed with his father, "What's going on here?... they can't be polyjuiced... Ron is taller than the boy and Hermione's hair is not red.""Explain yourselves" demanded Arthur Weasley.After thinking about it for a moment Rose decided that the only way that they could believe her was if she showed them some proof so she moved her hand to her shirt and then she pulled out the gold chain out.Both men were shocked when the weird hourglass was at sight hanging from Rose's chain, "It can't be... a time turner?!""We are from the future" said Hugo."That's i-impossible," said Arthur Weasley, "You are not in the family tree and time turners don't go that far!""They do from where we come from... Grandpa" said Rose staring directly at the man who almost jumped at they way that she had addressed him."Prove it" demanded Rose's uncle.Hugo then opened his mouth ready to talk but Rose rushed to stop him quickly, "We can prove it but I don't think that this is the place to do it.""You're nuts if you think that we'll let you in just like that.""Bill, hold on." said Rose's grandfather stunning his son, "she's right, if they're saying the truth we cannot leave them here, we cannot talk freely either. Besides that device is something.""I guess, but... are you sure Dad?"The balding man then turned to look at Rose, "We will need to cast a few spell on you for precaution, we'll also take that device of yours and your wands. I promise that we'll return them once that everything has been cleared.""Of course Grandpa!" Rose answered smiling and giving her wand without a second thought which surprised the redhead men slightly."All right come on then" the older man said as he moved her wand around them and across the wards too, before they knew it they had passed the barrier and the tall twisted Burrow appeared in front of their eyes.The moment that Hugo and Rose entered the Burrow they felt a huge heaviness leaving their shoulders, they hadn't even noticed it but since they left their house many hours before they had been carrying a lot of worries and in some way being back at the Burrow made everything much brighter. The Burrow always felt like a second home to them and it was surely an improvement against being outside without any food or money, it was certainly safer too."It's the same!" Hugo said in awe earning a few suspicious glances from his uncle.The boy wasn't lying, even when the place had a few different things it seemed as if nothing had changed, everything was in the exact same position that they remembered and the feeling of cozyness was as familiar and warm as ever. Only two things caught Rose's attention, the first one was obviously the lack of pictures of grandkids which were replaced by those of her father, Aunt Ginny and all of her uncles; it was really weird being surprised by so many pictures of them as kids when she had been seeing them as grown ups her entire life.Then there was the family clock which had fewer hands than the one in the future, this clock was actually visible because it was not flooded with the names of so many grandkids and daughters-in-law that made the one in the future almost impossible to read for anyone who wasn't Rose's grandmother. Then the girl was suddenly hit by the implications of their trip, all of those clock hands that were missing belonged to her family and at that moment Rose didn't know if she was going to be able to see them again, she missed them all and surprisingly she even missed James.However Rose didn't had time to remember all of her cousins because there was something else on that clock that was very disturbing, all of the hands were unmistakably set to a label that seemed to be yelling mortal peril. Rose had only seen that clock in "mortal peril" a couple of times in her life and both times had been during pretty dangerous missions of uncle Harry, the very thought of how much complicated the situation was at this time made the girl pale."Arthur! what took you so long?" a familiar voice came from the kitchen as they walked towards that room. Hugo's smile appeared instantly and Rose couldn't avoid to show a happy smile either, after all they were hoping that their grandmother could understand them, she always knew what to say or do even in the hardest of the circumstances."It's... difficult, you better sit down sweetheart." her husband replied as the four of them entered the kitchen and Molly Weasley turned towards them, Rose was not surprised of finding out that she looked almost the same as in her own time just a few grey hairs less.Soon the surprise of looking at Rose and Hugo walking besides her husband and son became noticeable on Rose's grandmother but she was not the only one, Rose's eyes went big also when she discovered that the woman was not alone in the kitchen."Who are those?!" said suddenly a man that Rose recognized as a very young version of his uncle George who was wearing the kind of clothes that he usually wore to work on the joke shop, suddenly Rose thought that she should've expected him to be there eating breakfast because it was very early and Uncle George was not married yet."Well I am not sure Gred but that one looks a lot like Ickle little Ronnie" another Uncle George added and Rose gasped at the realization of who was just in front of her. So far Rose's desires of seeing her father again were mixed with the remorse of having done something very wrong, something that could cause them not to see part of their family ever again but the sight of the two identical brothers brought a utterly different perspective, one that she hadn't thought about before. Yes, people that she knew didn't exist at this time period yet but also there were people that she never got to meet, people that died way before she was even born, one of those people was Uncle Fred."Rose..." Hugo sighed with very wide eyes."I know" Rose whispered back."It seems that you are right Forge but look closer my brother, if there was a potion to turn someone into a Weasley I would swear that we have also a Hermione here." the first twin said pointing at Rose."It really seems so, she even comes with freckles and everything. Guess we should get our hands on that Weasley potion." said the second twin again causing Rose to blush at the comment."Arthur, what is going on?" Rose's grandmother finally asked ignoring the twins' words, she sounded very worried."As I said we should all sit down.""Dad we have to get to the shop in-""It can wait," Rose's grandfather interrupted one of the twins, "this is urgent family business.""Only if they are not impostors" Uncle Bill mumbled throwing weird looks at both of them.Once that all of them were sitting at the kitchen table the Weasley patriarch explained everything to her wife and sons letting Uncle Bill fill the details that he missed. When he finished Rose turned to look at her grandmother and she wasn't surprised when she discovered that the woman couldn't take her eyes away from her, Hugo or the time turner that was now laying on the table. Rose was really expecting a lot of similar reactions, then Rose's eyes went wide trying to think on what reaction their parents would have when they talk to them."A-Are you saying... that these are our grand-kids?" asked Rose's grandmother."That's what they are saying we still haven't been able to verify or deny it." added Uncle Bill trying not to sound accusative."We are saying the truth!" yelled Hugo but whatever he was planning on saying next it got lost by a loud grumble coming out of his stomach, "Sorry" he added turning slightly red."Merlin! when was the last time that you kids ate?""Last night Grandma, before leaving." Rose said shyly."And why didn't you said that before!" the woman stood up in a hurry towards the oven.Soon their grandfather left the room because he said that they needed Dumbledore which really caught Rose's attention, she had been expecting him to show up at some point but they didn't knew if he would agree with what they had done so they knew that they had to act cautious around him. Rose only hoped that the wizard could be able to prove that they were saying the truth and after that maybe they could get their grandparents to support them with their plans.Moments later their grandmother filled the kitchen table with food plates and their faces brightened."Blimey! Look at them go!" one of the twins said with surprise and when Rose discovered that he was talking about they way in which they were eating she blushed. Rose usually was much calmer with the food but whenever she was really hungry she couldn't avoid to speed things a bit up, her mother always said that it was the bad habits from her father but at this point anything that could make Rose remember her father was a good thing."Fred! stop it, the kids hadn't eaten in a while," the woman yelled but after that she returned to look at Rose with her frown totally gone, "You don't worry dear, if you want more there's still more in the oven"Rose felt embarrassed so she tried to slow down a bit either way, "Thanks Grandma, I think that this will be enough.""Well it is not hard to guess who is their father right Gred?""Absolutely not""W-WGRat wOo ow-ou mWe-a-an?" asked Hugo between mouthfuls making Rose feel ashamed of her brother's manners."My dearest nephew, you look a lot like a particular redhead that we all love...""Also there is the fact that we have a redhead Hermione here..." said the other twin pointing at Rose."And of course there's also that weird table language that you just used.""He's not always like that!" Rose said unconvincingly."Even so I must say that there is a high probability of you two being the kids of our lovely Ronnie and his adorable Hermione" no one really seemed surprised at that besides Rose and Hugo because they thought that they had travelled to a time where their parents were not yet together."Are they... going out? What year is this?" asked Rose very scared of arriving too late."Those are two very different questions Rose," said her grandfather, "the year is 1996, October 7th to be more precise. About your other question I am not sure but I believe that they are not together.""Yet" blurted Uncle Bill.Rose sighed, they were in the right date at least, "Then why did you said that they-""They are just blind, specially Ickle Little Ronnie..." said one of the twins."At this pace I'm betting on our Hermione to give the first move." the other twin added causing Rose and Hugo to smirk briefly, because of that they received weird looks from everyone around.The twins' eyes brightened at once, "Hey! you could help us with a few bets.""They sure know a few Quidditch results my brother.""FRED! GEORGE! NEITHER OF YOU WILL DO SUCH THING!" the familiar yells of Rose's grandmother covered the kitchen, even so it was weird hearing her flapping over the twins' words like that since her memories only had images of Uncle George being reprimanded. For Rose it was a complete mystery how she could yell at every crazy idea from Uncle George but not even once at her grandsons, in fact all of James' and Freddie's mischiefs were usually attributed to Uncle George but to be fair Rose had to recognize that he was usually involved."You haven't said why are you here, you can talk now." said Rose's grandfather after he was sure that they had finished their breakfast."Oh yes," Rose started and instantly her face turned grim surprising many people, for a moment she had felt much better surrounded by her family even in the current situation but now she had to go back to the reason of their time trip and that was a very sad story to tell. "well it all started last month, our-"TOC, TOCRose stopped suddenly at the noise of someone calling at the door and her grandfather quickly stood up walking towards the main door, "That must be Albus." he said. Hugo turned then to look at his sister with a concern look on his face, apparently he was also nervous of what the great Albus Dumbledore might say of their entire plan. Rose tried to look confident, if her uncle Harry's stories were true then the old wizard would at least listen to them first."Lets all go to the living room," said Rose's grandmother after her husband left the kitchen but she stopped briefly to take a look at Rose, "dear are you over with that? You can have more after we talk to Albus..""It's ok Grandma, I'm over" replied Rose with a wide smile."That's good" the woman said still pretty much shaken but she still was able to smile back weakly at the girl.Rose was happy of that because at least she knew that their grandmother wouldn't let them alone, then Rose took a deep breath and walked towards the living room followed by Hugo. The redhead girl tried to keep her father present in her thoughts, if they could pass through Dumbledore's examination then it was likely that they could see him again and that filled her with strength.
