Notes:Special Thanks to my Beta and Mentor, Belgaris. I'd be totally lost without her.Warnings: Graphic Violence, Blood, Gore, Man Eating, Non-Con, Explicit Sexual Content... Eventually.Anyone is welcome to make fanart for this. In fact, it's encouraged!Disclaimer: I Do Not Own These Characters. They Belong to J.K. Rowlingand Are Her Intellectual Property. I am Not Receiving Any Profit FromThis. I Think. Meh.Summary:They turned against him. They betrayed HIM, In Rex! He should have kept a closer eye on Albus, he should have killed him when he had the chance! But it did not matter now. They will pay. The fools had become complacent. They thought thought that the majority of his followers had died that night, some even thought he himself had died! They are all wrong. He and his followers might have fallen, but they would rise again. More powerful than ever. The humans have forgotten Gaia's gift. They will pay for that mistake.Chapter 1: In Regis Jube:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::11:17 pm,October 31, 2000,Potter House-"A Long, long time ago, a child was born. He was born of a BritishMother and a Patrician Father, in his Mother's Homeland. Upon hisbirth, his mother's tribe seer spoke of the boy's future. She saidthat He Would become Great! He would be among the ranks of Alexanderand Caesar! The boy's parents were pleased. When the boy was a fewyears old, he transformed into a dragon for the first time. The boy'sfather became fearful and fled back to Rome, leaving behind the boyand his mother. Years later, the boy killed him in revenge.At sixteen, the boy, then a Man and an orphan, left Britannia andtravelled the world, learning, becoming stronger. During his travels,the man defeated the fastest, strongest, wisest, oldest and wealthiestdragons and laid claim to their belongings. He gained many followersas his great power became more and more...noticeable. Whole Clanspledged their allegiance to him! Some with blood!Eventually, people began to call him, 'In Draconis Rex'! 'The DragonKing'! They gave him many treasures to prove their loyalty and a crownwhich was called 'In Corona de In Draconis Rex'! 'The Crown of TheDragon King'! Made for Him and Him alone! For centuries The DragonKing ruled the world's dragons with an iron fist. No one dared to defyhim! But it was once said, "Power tends to corrupt, and absolute powercorrupts absolutely. Great men are almost always bad men.".In Draconis Rex went mad, you see, or at least that's what somebelieve. Others believe he was Evil from the beginning. He started toattack and kill the humans, torturing and killing dragons suspected oftreason against him. If He was Cruel before, he was a Monster now.Soon enough a resistance formed and War was declared! It was a Greatand Bloody war which came to a head on a dragon made Island where InDraconis Rex had his Fortress. Sometime during the Battle, The DragonKing was weakened. Some say He burned along with his fortress, whileothers say he escaped and fled to the far reaches of the earth. Acentury after his defeat, a Prophecy was made about In Draconis Rex.It said:'Iam Ipsa Terra Voluntatis Praeco in Revertere de Suph LUSCINUS Unus! Ille Voluntatis Venite Quasu QUIDAM Saevam Tempestatem, EJUS FREMITUS causando In Ipsa Terra ut Excuta, CUM BESTIALIS Oculi, Quidam COLOSSAEUS CORPUS et Quidam Corona de Cornua, In Draconis Rex Voluntatis Orior Iterum et Regula!'"'The earth itself will herald the return of the Red-Eyed One! He will come like a Raging Storm, HIS ROAR causing the very earth to shake, WITH FIERCE eyes, a HUGE body and a crown of horns, the Dragon King will rise again and Rule!'"A small child swathed up to his chin in blankets looked up at his redhaired Mother with wide green eyes. "When will the In, In D-raco-nisRex return, Mummy?"Lily gazed down at her son with equally green eyes and smiled withpride. "Hopefully, he'll never return, darling. And there's no 'the'before 'In Draconis Rex', 'In' is already there."Harry nodded at his Mother's words before drowning himself inthought. "Well, If he did come back, I'd beat him again."Lily laughed at her child's words. "I have No doubt you would,sweetheart. Now, time for bed."At that, Harry pouted. "No! Again! This time in Latin!"Lily sighed to herself, knowing that she couldn't deny Harry this. "Alright. But straight to sleep afterwards, alright?"Harry nodded.Lily began with just as much fervour as the first time. "Quidam DIUTINUS, Longus Tempus Abhinc, infans fuit Natus..."Lily shut the room door softly, jumping a bit when she turned around to see her Husband who was obviously waiting for her. "He asleep?" James asked."Yes. I had to tell him the story twice before he finally fell asleep." Lily replied.James smiled and opened his mouth to say something when a series of knocks from the front door caught his attention. "I wonder who it could be at this hour." He mused. He went downstairs to answer the door, Lily following him. When he reached it, he looked through the spyhole and frowned immediately. He pulled back and opened the door."What do you lot want?" James asked the unsavoury group of people standing on his veranda.Bellatrix snarled at James' tone, but was pushed to the side by Severus."Potter, where is Lily, I must speak with her."At that, Lily stepped outside and regarded her old friend with wariness. "What do you want, Severus?""In Draconis Rex. He is Returning." Was Severus' answer.James and Lily paled at his words. "What?! What nonsense are You spouting now, Snape?!"Severus regarded James coolly. "I cannot explain it. I shall say only that the extent of The Dragon King's power is of such that we cannot fathom."Bellatrix shoved Severus to the side and got up in Lily's face. "The Dragon King is returning, so it's in your best interest to come with us now, because if you don't, may Medusa have mercy upon you, for His Majesty shall have none."Lily didn't even flinch at Bellatrix's words. She stared the other Dragoness down. "I care not for your warnings, Bellatrix. My family can defend itself just fine."Bellatrix sneered. Then suddenly a smile flitted across her face. "We shall see." She turned on her heel, stepped down from the veranda and walked off, her husband and his brother following. As soon as they were at a safe enough distance, large, scaled, bat-like wings sprung from their backs and they launched off into the night.Severus turned back to Lily with a pleading look in his eyes. "Lily, please, come with Me. It's for your Safety."Lily smiled sadly at her old friend. "I'm sorry, Severus. I Cannot join you. My place is at James' side."Severus' face tightened with grief and a bit of anger, but he quickly turned before Potter could see either. After taking a deep breath, he spoke. "Remain safe, Lily." Just as he was about to walk away, he heard her whisper back,"You too, Sev. You too."He walked briskly away from his Love and her husband, releasing his own wings and flying away without looking back."Lils?"Lily snapped her gaze from the night sky to her husband who was looking at her with concern. "I'm fine," she assured him. "Let's just go inside."James nodded. "Yeah. We better inform Albus of this latest piece of Info."After informing their Leader of the events which were currently takingplace, the couple were urged not to worry and were told that they wouldbe contacted if their assistance was needed.At the moment, they were fast asleep in their bed. That was until a Giant Fireball crashed through their roof. The Potters shot up from out of theirsleep by the sound of the explosion."We're under Attack! Lily, go get Harry! I'll contact the Order andhold off our attackers!" As James spoke those words, the house wasriddled with smaller fireballs. A mad cackle was heard from outside.James' face tightened with rage. "Now, Lily!"Lily quickly ran through the house, not paying any mind to the fumes,simply focusing on getting to her son, that is until she suddenlystumbled. She was feeling light-headed. It made no sense, she was aFire Dragon, a bit of smoke wasn't supposed to make her feel likethis. Lily lifted a hand in front of her face and was a bit startledto see four of them. She gazed around her and was shocked to seePurple flames engulfing her home, eating away at the wood as if itwere acid. "No...", She heard herself whisper, which immediately gaveway to a body wracking cough. She had to get to Harry! She movedslowly along the hallway, trying not to lean on the burning walls andignoring how everything was spinning. She had to get to her baby! Shefell to her knees as fireballs were rained down upon the house oncemore.A scream of terror came from Harry's room when the fireballsriddled the house's mostly destroyed roof, the squawks of a highlydistressed dragon hatchling following immediately after. Lily lickedher lips and shakily stood, stumbling the last few feet to Harry'sdoor. She turned the knob, not even flinching at the near moltenheat, stumbling into the room as more coughs wracked her body.At the sound of his door slamming against the wall, Harry stopped hissquawking and peeked from underneath his blankets to see his mothercoughing on the floor."Mummy!" He was about to throw off his blanketsbut his mother shot up from off the floor and pulled them over hishead again."No! No. Harry, darling, I'm going to ask you to remain calm for me alright?"Harry nodded under the blankets. "Use your words, sweetheart.""Yes, mummy.""Good, good." Lily dimly noted that she was trembling. There wasnothing wrong with that, anyone would tremble if they knew they wererotting from the inside out. But, Lily steeled herself, she would notlet her son die."Harry, dear, ", Lily began as she began to make surethat none of the poisonous smoke couldn't penetrate the blankets,"listen carefully. Don't come out from underneath the blankets,alright? Try not to move, and when we reach outside, I want you to runas far as you can, as fast as you can. Don't look back either. Do youunderstand?""Yes, mummy.", Harry answered."Good. Also, I'm sorry if I hurt you, but it's for your own good. Ilove you, sweetheart. Now, Hold On."Lily transformed. She felt immense pain throughout her whole body, but ignored it and somehow managed to stay upright. As soon as it was over, she lifted Harry into her arms. She eyed the window, tempted to go through it, but decided not to, for all she knew, their attackers were lying in wait to ambush them. She readied herself, tail writhing behind her, thenshot through the doorway, ricocheting off the wall with powerful legsand speeding down the hallway towards the stairs.Just as she reached them, an angry screech rent the air and a large fireballcrashed through the stair wall, taking part of the stairs with it. Notmissing a beat, she climbed the wall above the staircase, managing toburn herself only twice, and launched herself, using one hand to holdher precious cargo close to her chest, then unfurled her wings togently glide to the wall opposite. She then fell to the floor in a lowcrouch and walked on all fours supporting her hatchling with herwings to the edge of the gaping hole in her wall, peeking around it.Her keen senses picked up the signs of a battle which was continuingon the other side of the house. Sensing that the coast was clear, Lilysped across the lawn, continuing to run until she was at least a mileaway from the house before finally coming to a stop. Trying her bestto ignore the burning pain in her chest, she set her baby down andproceeded to unravel her son from the many blankets he was wrapped in.Finally, she removed the last blanket.Harry looked up at her with wide emerald eyes. He sneezed, then coughed. Lily felt her heart freeze. "Harry take off what you have on, right now!"Harry looked at her in bewilderment."Just do it, Harry! Down to your pants! Now!"Harry obeyed and was soon standing in just his pants, shivering violently. This was bad, Lily thought to herself, Harry was still a hatchling and wasn't able to stand the cold as well as she could, but he shouldn't be shivering this much! It seemed like her suspicion was correct. She gazed at Harry with sadness. Her son. Her magnificent, gorgeous, amazing child. She extended a hand to cup his cheek, he leaned towards it.Lily snapped out of her daze and pulled her hand away before it could make contact with Harry's cheek."Mummy..." Harry frowned as he eyed his mother. She was in her hybridform, crying and looked like she had been play-fighting with daddy again."Harry, listen here." Lily shuffled closer to him on her knees. "Mummy and Daddy love you, alright? Never forget that. Alright?"Harry nodded. "Good. Now run!" Harry jumped. "Go, Now! Run!" Lily urged.Harry began running, but after the first few steps he paused and looked back at his mother."Go!" Said Lily once more.Harry began running again.Lily watched him run for a few minutes before turning around and sprinting back to the house.Just as Lily entered the clearing the house was situated in, she saw a hybrid figure get knocked out of the air and land on the house, finally collapsing the little roof left and taking a few walls with them. Lily felt her heart stutter in her chest. A mad cackle came from the smallest of the other three figures in the air. As the Lestranges began a course away from the house, Lily hid in the shrubs on the edge of the forest, praying to Asclepius that they wouldn't see her. They flew over her and although it seemed like her prayers were answered she waited a few seconds before running towards the house. She entered through the hole in the wall and went about searching for her Mate. She was about to let loose a cry but as soon as she breathed in to do so, another body wracking cough came over her, so much so that she fell to her knees. When she opened her eyes, blood was dripping from her mouth onto the floor. Her body wouldn't be able to stave off the poison for much longer."Lily?!"Lily's head snapped up. James?"LILY! Over *cough, gasp* Here!"Lily moved in the direction of the voice, crawling through debris anddodging more that was falling until a mostly buried James was beforeher. "James!" She began moving debris off of him."No, Stop!", James managed to pant out.Lily froze."Rabastan, the bastard, he managed to get a few hits on me." He looked at her with sadness. "I don't think I'm gonna make it." He swallowed thickly, but then coughed up blood. "I called the Order, they're on their way. Harry, is he safe?"Lily nodded, just barely managing to choke back a sob. She was beginning to feel the burning pain in her chest spread to her limbs."Good, good." He bared his teeth in a hiss of pain. "Go now! Leave me!"Lily shook her head, when James opened his mouth to no doubt tell her to leave once more, she beat him to it. "That first fireball, James, it wasn't a normal one. It was made of a fire created by In Draconis Rex himself! It's one of the most poisonous substances on the planet. It devours everything in it's path and only the one who breathed the fire can control it. By the time I got to Harry, enough of it was in my system to set me on the path for death. Now that I've ingested more of it's smoke, I have absolutely no chance of living." She moved her wing to the side, exposing her melting body.James looked upon her in horror. "But...Harry! We can't leave him!""Do you think I Want to leave him? My poor baby boy, an orphan!" Lilyreleased a sob, beginning to choke right after as she felt the burning climb up her throat. "I can feel it...consuming me. The heat that used to bring me such comfort...turning against me." James gazed at her with tear filled eyes. "Come here." He patted his debris covered chest.Lily lay her head there. She tried to hear the heart beat of her mate as they both waited for death."Curse those damn Lestranges. Them and their bloody king!" Jamescollapsed into a coughing fit right after his short rant. "Lils, do you think Harry will be okay?"Lily closed her eyes as she felt the poison start to consume her heart. "I-I'msure he'll be f-fine. He'll have S-Sirius and Remus and Molly and A-Arthurand m-many more. Th-They'll watch over h-him.""Yeah." James could feel himself drifting away. "Lils? You know I loveyou, right? With all my heart."With her last breath, Lily managed to whisper, "I love you too." Before the burning finally ended.James closed his eyes and followed his mate beyond the veil.Harry panted as he plopped down under a large tree. After running forhours -in his mind- like his mother told him, he had walked and walkedbefore finally stopping to rest. Now he was tired, filthy, aching all over and just wished he was back in bed. Harry lay on his side and curled up into a ball. Maybe he'd just stay here for a while. He coughed, then sniffled. He was so cold. He wanted his mummy. He closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep, not knowing what was awaiting him in his dreams.Sirius stumbled as he landed, tucking his wings close to his back and staring at the ashes where his best friend's house was supposed to be. "James!" He ran towards the ashes but was stopped by a pair of arms wrapping around his middle."Sirius, stop! Look closer!", Remus urged as he began to struggle.Sirius paused in his struggle to look closer at the seemingly black ashes and found purple embers and violet ashes among them. He gasped and on instinct, took a few steps back, subsequently making Remus trip and fall, taking Sirius down with him."Quit playing around! I've got a scent right here!" Moody snapped as hesniffed at the forest's edge. "It's Lily's, and..." He took a deeper sniff. "Her boy's."Sirius scrambled to his feet and went to Moody's side. "Where arethey? And do you smell James?""No more than usual, no. From what I can deduce, Lily fled into the forest with the boy." Moody gestured to the dark forest with his staff. "Left him there, then returned to the house, most likely for James.""What does that mean?! Are James and Lily alive?" Sirius felt his heart fill with hope."It is highly improbable." All eyes went to the figure of Albus Dumbledore who was standing just a few inches from the lake of ashes. "But it is probable that young Harry is. So I suggest, gentlemen, that you begin searching for him post-haste. The poor child must be quite terrified."Harry blinked and narrowed his eyes at the darkness around him. Hecouldn't even see his own nose. He sniffled and rubbed his arms, trying to get warm. He wished his mummy were here, she always warmed him up. Harry turned quickly as his premature senses detected a presence behind him."Mummy?", Harry called out in hope. He received a deep, rumbling chuckle as an answer. That wasn't his mummy... Goose bumps raised on his skin that had little to do with how cold he felt."Tut, tut, tut. Poor puer. All alone and missing his mummy." Said a booming, yet soft voice.There was a gust of air at Harry's backside. He whipped around only tofind nothing, just more darkness."Do not worry, puer. I will not harm you. You are Mine, after all.""You find him yet, Remus?!"After following Lily and Harry's scenttrail, they came upon Harry's discarded clothes and blankets, thenfollowed Harry's lone trail further and further into the woods, but therewas no sign of the boy."No!" Remus replied.Sirius was getting anxious. Winter had begun and with Harry being a mere hatchling, he wouldn't be able to withstand the cold as well as an adult. Sirius sniffed the air as he stepped into a small clearing which was overtaken by a huge oak tree. Harry's scent was strong here. He paused as he heard laboured breathing on the other side of the tree. Sirius rushed to find the source of the sound, stepping over large roots and managing to trip just once. It was worth it though, for on the other side of the tree,nestled at the base if it, was Harry, looking worse for wear, but he was alive."I've found him!", Sirius shouted. He went closer and crouched next tothe small, shivering form. Harry's lips, fingertips and toe tips were blue and his face, chest, neck and ears were a bright red. Sirius put the back of his hand on Harry's forehead, but pulled it away almost immediately and cursed at the intense heat coming from the hatchling. The bushes on the edge of the clearing rustled and Sirius took up a defensive position in front of Harry, but calmed when he saw that it was only the rest of the search party."How is he?", was the first thing Remus asked as he crouched down next to Sirius."Not so good. He has a fever and it looks like he got some smoke from that Asclepius damned fire into his system. We need to get him to a healer ASAP." Sirius took off his jacket and used it to wrap up the small child. "Don't worry Harry." Sirius whispered to the boy as he held back tears, "You're gonna be better soon." He gave Harry a kiss on his burning temple.Unbeknownst to the party currently concerned about Harry's well being, Harry was having a very interesting time in his mind, wrapped in the coils of his new friend.Unbeknownst to Harry, his life was going to be very different when he woke
