Author's Note: The Potter universe and all it's characters, places, names, etc. are not my creation, all credit belongs to that genius of a British writer. All ideas for this continuation are my own, but that's not to say that someone else hasn't already used them in their own story.Chapter 1 - Guilt"Not Harry, please no, take me, kill me instead - ""This is my last warning - ""Not Harry! Please have mercy  Not Harry! Please - I'll do anything"Harry awoke with a start, sitting straight up in bed. It took a moment for him to unfog his mind from it's sleepy state, while he winced in the sunlight that was streaming in through the window. He rubbed his face with his palms, then shook his head a few times as he tried to clear the nightmare from his mind. With a sigh, he reached over to the bedside table and put on his glasses, looking around.He was in Ron's bedroom at the Burrow, and the incoming sunlight was playing harshly on the vast amount of orange-colored Chudley Cannons posters in the room. Another wince crossed Harry's face, and he focused on the one non-orange item on the bedroom walls; a calendar pinned to the wall next to the door. He stared at it for a moment, until he remembered what day it was.May 6th. Only four days ago Harry, Ron, Hermione, the Weasley's, and hundreds of others had stood up to Voldemort at the Battle of Hogwarts. To Harry it seemed as if it had been years ago, and just yesterday at the same time. With a soft sigh, he turned a bit and leaned against the wall and closed his eyes, thinking. A lot had happened in the last 96 hours. It had felt like one giant blur to Harry, and as much as he didn't want to relive any of it, he felt he had to.After repairing his own broken wand and leaving Dumbledore's office, he and Ron and Hermione made their way to Gryffindor tower. They walked slowly, taking in all the damage to the school they had called home for so long. Harry walked a bit behind the two of them, the thoughts and memories of everyone who had died consuming him.Just before they got to the Fat Lady's portrait, he noticed that Hermione had dropped her head onto Ron's shoulder as they walked, quiet sobs escaping her. Ron was just putting his arm around her, and Harry couldn't help but smile. Even through all they'd been through, something good was happening in front of him.That night passed too quickly for any of their liking. They all slept in the boy's old dormitory, Hermione in Seamus' old bed, not wanting to leave each other alone. Sometime during the night though, Hermione must have crawled into Ron's bed, because there they were in the morning, holding each other in their sleep.The next two days were rough on everyone. The reality of what had happened was sinking in to everyone. There was still joy and satisfaction in everyone's eyes when the trio showed up for meals, but thoughts still lingered on the nearly 60 people who had died.The three kept to themselves for the most part, finding different spots around the castle and grounds to just sit near each other and think, or talk softly. Harry had been blaming himself for everything; all those people had died, Fred, Lupin, Tonks, for him. To give him time to find what he needed to find. If only he had been able to do everything sooner, If only.George had eventually gotten through all the sorrow Harry was feeling. It was strange, but out of all the Weasley's, George seemed to be taking Fred's death the best. Over a beef stew one night in the Great Hall, he looked pointedly at Harry and spoke up."Harry, no one here blames you for anything, most of all me. Everyone who came to help made their decision, and they knew there was a chance they wouldn't be here celebrating at the end of it all. You didn't kill anyone Harry, it was all Voldemort and the Death Eaters."The surviving twin kept his strong gaze up, and looked at his whole family. Mrs. Weasley had tears falling out of puffy red eyes that hadn't cleared in days, and he put his hand on top of her's."If Fred was here, he would be appalled that we were all sitting here crying. All of the Weasley children nodded in unison, imagining what Fred would be saying, smiles appearing on their faces.Ginny had looked at Harry then, a slight smile and a look on her face that told him what she was feeling. She wanted to talk with him, Harry knew, but she would wait for him, until he was ready to. He smiled back at her and nodded slightly, silently thanking her.Harry and the Weasley's had all left Hogwarts together on the 5th. They didn't go straight home to the Burrow however. Every one of them was there at the funerals for Remus and Tonks, and throughout it Harry could not stop watching Teddy Lupin; Remus and Tonk's baby boy, and his godson. He felt guilty, knowing that the little boy would never get to know his parents, just like Harry. Before they all left and Apparated for the Burrow, Harry swore to himself that Teddy would have a loving family growing up, and that he would be there to tell the boy all about his parents.That night, they all gathered in a circle around the grave that had been dug for Fred, up on a hill close to the Burrow that the Weasley family owned. The mood was somber, until George spoke. He and Fred had apparently discussed what they each wanted in case of their untimely deaths, and with a wave of his wand, George turned each of their robes and dresses into a different color.Those werent the only changes to their attire though. From inside Ginny's pockets there was small pink hearts trying to escape, from Mr. Weasley's pockets there were various Muggle artifacts and devices. Each family member in turned started laughing and smiling as they took it in turn to find what was hiding on them, but they all had a roar of a laugh when a small colony of spiders marched out of Ron's pocket. Even Mrs. Weasley had a chuckle at that, not even looking at George with a scowl.They had all stayed up pretty late that night, sitting in the living room of the Burrow and drinking Firewhiskey in toasts to Fred and all the others. Harry couldn't remember what time he and Ron had made their way up to the room, but he was sure it was very late in the night, and his head agreed. All he wanted to do was lay down again and fall back asleep, but he knew it wouldn't be possible.With a sigh, he got out of bed and pulled on some clothes. He made his way quietly down the staircase, stopping at the door to Ginny's room. Not hearing either Ginny or Hermione making any noise in there, he continued down onto the main floor.He could hear Mrs. Weasley starting to make some breakfast in the kitchen and the back door opening, but his eye caught a bit of long, red hair in the living room, and he doubled back to look in.Ginny was there, sitting in the corner of the large sofa, looking out through a window. He smiled and walked into the room behind her, careful to make some noise so that he wouldn't startle her. Once he got close, she turned around to see who it was, and a smile crossed her face. She was still wearing her pajamas, a loose light green t-shirt and flannel pants. Patting the seat next to her, she cleared her throat softly."Hi, Harry," she said softly, "do you want to come talk?"Harry nodded, moving to sit next to her, but Mrs. Weasley walked into the room just then."Ah, Harry. Good, you're awake. You have a visitor," she said to him quickly, motioning to the kitchen. "Ginny, would you be a dear and go wake Hermione and Ron? They should be here for this too, and breakfast is almost ready."With that, Mrs. Weasley walked out of the room and back into the kitchen, her voice carrying a bit as she talked to the visitor, asking if they wanted anything to eat. Harry and Ginny both sighed at the same time. They smiled a bit at that, and as Ginny got up to go upstairs, Harry took her hand in his and squeezed it gently, looking at her. No words came out of his mouth, but she nodded back to him with a smile."Later," she said softly, "we can talk later."Harry just nodded back to her and watched as she bounded up the stairs. After a few moments he made his way into the kitchen to see who it was calling on them this early in the morning.As he turned the corner into the kitchen, he could see an older witch taking a seat at the table and taking off her black hat."Are you sure you don't want anything to eat Minerva?" Mrs. Weasley asked her.Harry stopped for a moment.It was Professor McGonagall.Thanks for reading! I'd appreciate any reviews or comments, especially criticisms! This first chapter is a bit short, I know, but this seemed a natural breaking point. I will continue to post chapters as I write them, and I plan to keep writing as long as there is something to write about, 19 years is a long time!
