Obliviously, I don't any of the characters apart from my one OC, everything is owned by the amazing JK Rowling and there is no copyright infringment intended. Please review, let me know what you think, just please don't be too harsh, this is the first time I've ever written a story or anything and lastly, enjoy :) xChapter 1Harry, Ron and Hermione made their way up to the great hall, excitedly chatting about the, soon to come, arrivals of the other schools for the Triwizard tournament."Honestly boys, I don't see quite why you're so excited about the Beauxbatons girls. Harry, you've been drooling over Cho since you played her in Quidditch last year and Ron, you've never really been the type to just go up and talk to girls really, have you?" Hermione lectured the boys. Ron rolled his eyes defensively in response."I'll show you, Hermione. Just you watch me talk to them," Ron huffed, setting the other two into hysterical laughter as they reached the gryffindor, to take their seats between Neville and Dean and Fred and George.Hermione noticed Harry was on edge, not paying much attention to any of the conversations around him."Harry what's wrong?" Hermione enquired."It's nothing, honestly" He replied, hoping his friend would shrug it off."You're thinking about your sister aren't you?" She asked nervously. Harry knew he had had a sister whilst his parents were still alive but what had happened to her since, no one really knew. There were rumours that she had been killed on the same night as his parents, and that she had been sent away to a foreign country shortly after their parent's death for many speculated reasons, despite being merely 18 months older than her brother . Some said it was because she was said to possess an unusual power, one that would be dangerous to be left in the hands of muggles. Other's said it was because she was never really the Potter's child. Harry had never known what to believe but he had come to the conclusion that she must be dead otherwise he would know."I know she's probably dead 'mione but I just can't stop myself from wondering whether she really did get sent to a foreign country and now she might be coming to Hogwarts.""Harry, don't torture yourself with false fantasies. You said yourself she's probably dead, now lets just leave it at that." She said matter-of-factly, giving her friend's hand a quick squeeze before flashing him a reassuring smile."But if she is alive, wherever she is, she's the only family I have left," But hermione just sent him a sympathetic look before looking away.As promised, Dumbledore introduced the guest school to the rest of the school, as they entered. First the Beauxbaton girls entered, entrancing almost every boy in the school. Hermione look one look around her to see the looks on the boy's faces around her and rolled her eyes. Next entered the young men of Durmstrang, striding through the centre of the hall, catching the breath of all the spectators. They were closely followed by a man whom Harry knew to be Igor Karkaroff, the headmaster of Durmstrang, with Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Quidditch player, to his left, and a tall, slim girl to his right. The girl had dark wavy hair that went just past her shoulders, with natural light brown and dark blonde highlights. Harry shot Hermione a hopeful look just for her to shake her head in distaste at him optimism.After the usual notices and announcements, the feast began. Midway through the feast, whilst the group were laughing and chatting over the marvelous selection of chicken wings, roast potatoes and giant yorkshire puddings, the young girl who had been stood next to Karkaroff walked over and cleared her throat. Everyone looked up or swung round to see the new arrival. Up close, the girl was very pretty. She had dark, long eyelashes and dazzling green eyes."And how can I help you!" Fred Weasley oggled at the new arrival in his usual flirtatious manner. She simply lightly play smacked him over the back of the head, laughing before turning to look at Harry."You're Harry Potter, right?" She enquired. Harry nodded uncertainly, curious of what she wanted. "Might I be able to possibly have a word?" He nodded once again, speechless. "Alone" she added bluntly, scanning the curious faces of the Gryffindor table."Yeah, sure. Sorry" Harry replied, snapping out of his trance.The pair walked just outside of the hall where they turned to face each other."I'm sorry but I don't think I caught your name" Harry hinted politely"Sorry, I'm Elspeth. Elspeth Potter, but everyone just calls me Ella" She rushed quickly.
