PrologueLyra Cassiopeia Black had been looking forward to going to Hogwarts ever since she had heard her older cousin Dora talk about her adventures there. She lived with Dora's parents, Andromeda and Ted, and had been raised by them for as long as she could remember... But this year, this was her year. Lyra was finally going to Hogwarts. She'd gotten her letter, and she had gotten her wand, her very own wand. Just before she and her godmother, Andromeda, turned to leave Ollivander's the bell of the door chimed the arrival of a new customer."Hello, Andromeda," A cool, female voice said from behind Lyra and her godmother."Narcissa," Andromeda said equally as cool. "What a... surprise. I suppose Draco's just turned eleven as well, then?""Yes, this June just past," Lyra turned to face the woman who had ice blonde hair with a streak of black through it. She bore a vague resemblance to Lyra's godmother, Andromeda. It was something in the shape of their noses and the way their jaws curved just so, yet they held themselves differently. There was a certain sharpness to this woman that there wasn't in Andromeda. The strange, stiff woman, Narcissa, she assumed, turned to face her. "And is this who I think it is?""If Lyra Black is who you think I am," Lyra said cautiously. "Then yes." Lyra felt her godmother's hand clap on her right shoulder and firmly take hold. She turned her pale grey-blue eyes to face her and her eyebrows raised curiously at the stiff line into which Andromeda's lips had pressed."Lyra Black," Narcissa smiled, or sneered. Lyra found it was difficult to tell with such harsh features as this woman had. "Well... Daddy would just die knowing that you'd adopted another blood traitor into your family."Lyra turned her head and her blonde braid fell from the shoulder over which it had been draped. She blinked at Narcissa and felt goose bumps prickle against the back of her neck. She never heard terms like 'blood traitor' around their dinner table. Not once."It's a good thing daddy is dead already, then," Andromeda tried her hardest to sound civil in front of Lyra. "C'mon, Lyra, darling, let's go get you your robes.""What a splended idea, 'Dromeda," Narcissa cooed. "Maybe she'll be in Hufflepuff, just like your real daughter was," She said quietly as Andromeda passed her. Lyra was practically shoved out of the open door, but could vaguely make out what Andromeda was saying to the woman in Mr. Ollivander's shop as she hovered inside the door."I promise you, Cissy... Ever suggest that Lyra is not... I'll have your ... on a platter!"The door opened once more, and Lyra pretended not to be listening. She beamed up at her godmother."Robes next?" Lyra asked innocently. Andromeda straightened out her eggplant purple robes and took a deep breath."Yes, robes sounds like the best plan," Andromeda forced a smile. "Simple black robes for Hogwarts."As they entered Madam Malkin's, Andromeda's heart stopped as she stared at the sleek, blonde-haired boy and messy, black-haired boy with glasses and a lightning scar on his forehead talking."On second thought, should we look at a kitten to take with you to Hogwarts?" Andromeda said quickly as she turned Lyra around."Was that-""Quickly, Lyra, don't you want to see all the kittens?""You mean it? I can finally have one!"It was easy, in a world that was so distant from war, to forget the casualties. It was easy for Andromeda to pretend that her two girls, Nymphadora and Lyra, were so separate from the world that had disappeared ten years ago. For ten years, she and Ted could act as though everything was perfectly normal. Harry Potter had no affect on their world. How could she have forgotten that he was the same age as Lyra? Did he know who Lyra was? Did he have any idea? She hoped not.Nymphadora Tonks, Dora to her parents, remembered the day she decided she was going to be an auror very well. She was 10-years-old, and had decided her hair was going to be the colour of freshly brewed butterbeer, and that her skin would be a the colour of coffee with creamer in it. She was eating toast with raspberry jam, dipped in earl grey tea while her mother hummed a song of victory. The war was over. Voldemort had been defeated.It was in that moment that the doorbell rang, and Dora watched as her mother put down her dish cloth and walked towards the door. She was wearing a forest green skirt and a purple cashmere sweater. Dora loved that sweater because it was soft against her cheek when her mother held her. As soon as the door opened, Dora heard the sounds of two gruff voices at the doorway, and her mother called upstairs to her dad."Ted!"It wasn't often that people were at the door and required both of her parents, so naturally she peaked her head around the corner and saw two aurors, one with dried blood still on his chin and a bandage on his crooked nose who looked older than both of her parents combined, but also stronger. The other had stitches down his cheek and had skin the colour of chocolate. They seemed so regal, powerful, and important as they stood in the doorway. One of them had his arms wrapped around a squirming toddler with blonde hair. The baby was crying and pulling on the ends of the elder auror's hair.Dora remembered watching the hushed voices of her parents as her mother said loudly, "Well, there's no question, Alastor. Of course, we'll have her."She remembered her mother opening her arms out to the crying child who whimpered slightly as she buried her face into the soft purple cashmere. That was the day Dora received a little sister, who was really a cousin of some sorts from one of her mother's family members that never visited. It was the day she learned that wizards and witches alike could be truly evil enough to leave not one but two children orphaned at the end of a terrible war. As she watched the two battered men leave the front doorstep, Dora wanted to help fight against dark magic.Now, nearly ten years later, as Tonks, with her long, curly and electric blue hair pulled into a pony tail, made her way up the familiar porch steps of her parents' home, the door swung open in front of her. Out hopped a bouncing, slender blonde girl with two braids hanging down each shoulder and a smile wider than she'd ever seen it. She was holding a wand that looked to be the same length as her forearm."English Oak, Dragon Heartstring core, teeeeen and a half inches," the young witch said proudly."What kind of dragon heart?" Tonks beamed down at her as she carefully charmed the wand away from the young girl before she could accidentally hex anyone."Don't go waving that around before Flitwick's taught you anything useful, Lyra!" Tonks heard her mother calling from the house."Mr. Ollivander said it was from a Hungarian Horntail," the girl, Lyra, said her smile spreading across her cheeks. "He said it'll produce the most flamboyant magic.""And also the most flammable if you're not careful," Tonks winked as she ruffled the girl's soft, straight blonde hair. "Hiya mum! Dad's not home yet?" Tonks put her hand on Lyra's shoulder and lead her into the house."No, not yet, love," Andromeda Tonks with her long, curly black hair streaked with cobwebs, wiped her hands on her apron and smiled affectionately at her daughter. "Lyra, be a darling and set the table...""Only because you asked so nicely," Lyra said cheekily. Andromeda raised an eyebrow, recognizing exactly where her sassiness had come from, "D'you know who I saw today, Dora?""Who'd you see, Ly?" Tonks asked as she hugged her mother and kissed her cheek. She turned and smiled at the eleven-year-old in the adjoining dining room."I saw my other cousin," Lyra retorted. "The blonde one. The one who goes on about blood purity like the rest of those no-good Blacks.""He's a Malfoy, love," Andromeda said with a small smile creeping on her lips. "You know, you're the last surviving Black, so maybe they'll become a little bit better with you to carry on the torch.""Even still," Lyra shrugged. "I'm related to him. But he's not the important part.""No?" Tonks turned to face her mother with a bemused expression on her face. Diagon Alley had never been so lively when she shopped for her school supplies."I got a cat!" Lyra said excitedly. "Her name is Calypso, and she's probably still hiding under my bed right now, but-"As Lyra yammered away, Andromeda smiled weakly at her eldest daughter. Tonks entered the kitchen and squeezed her mother's hand as she passed to fill a pitcher with water for the table."You never let me get a cat," Tonks teased. Andromeda looked at her and shrugged her shoulders."You never had to be distracted away from Harry Potter before," She replied quietly. Tonks raised her eyebrows and made a face."You and dad'll have to tell her one day.""Yes," Andromeda sighed. "Just not today... I couldn't today..." The two of them looked over the kitchen counter to where Lyra was still talking to no one in particular about how excited she was to finally go to Hogwarts castle, and how she didn't care what house she was sorted into so long as she was near the lake. Tonks knew that the secret of Lyra's biological father had been a well-guarded secret, but now Lyra was eleven and soon enough the secret of the blood that coursed through her veins would come back to haunt them.A/N: Soooo, I came up with this story a little while ago. The title will become more obvious to the connection later. This isn't going to be a Harry x OC story. I'll post the first chapter in a little bit... The main story starts in Prisoner of Azkaban, so I'll be flashing back to important moments of Years one and two, but eh... Hope you enjoyed this. Let me know if you'd be interested in more! Cheers! Sophie
