Chapter 1 : AbnormalUgh- I hate my normal life. I mean come on! I was made for an abnormal life! All you need to know is my name! Azalea Zamora. I'm 12. I have foster parents, but I kept my name that was on the name tag that I was handed in with. Apparently, some old woman left me with the name tag on the steps of an orphanage. Luckily I got fostered as soon as I was old enough.At the moment I go to a normal school, have normal friends and am a normal kid. I may have one thing a bit odd- I love maths and science, but I hate English. The One thing that sets me apart. But that means nothing. I am bored. Bored with everything. I've even had my first major crush! It was a guy who I met at a summer residential course, and then he moved to my school. His name was Oliver Tyler, but everyone called him Oli. He's gone now. Disappeared. I asked where he was one day, but no one knew who he was. It was like I'd imagined him.My foster parents are normal. They're pretty cool I suppose- they laze around on the weekends instead of making us go on stupid family outings that no one enjoys. They give me notes for school if I ask. They'll also give me the answers to homework when I ask, even though it isn't often. We're reasonably well off, we have a big-ish house with 12 rooms (including 2 bathrooms) and a spacious garden, and I get good quality clothes from places like Hollister and Superdry, and I know it sounds posh but next as well. They do really nice skinny jeans.It's a Tuesday- 12th august. I put on a blue t-shirt and some denim shorts and go straight down to the garden. I doze in the hammock throughout the morning. I daydream about a big stone castle next to a large lake, as black as the night, with forests and fields surrounding it. I dream of things I have never even thought of, of people I've never heard of! A guy who nearly killed everyone, but a boy of 17 stopped him with love or something like that. A bit odd if I may mention. I wake up and find its 2 o'clock, so go to the park.Slowly, I walk around the park watching the various kids play on the swings, smiling when they fall off, which I know sounds violent, but I could never stay on the swings when I was little. A group of boys come up to me, my guess they were 15, and ask me why a little girl like me is wandering around the park. It's deserted now, I'm alone."Well, little girls like me like to walk around parks like this. What about you? I would first think of footy, but you have no football.""We have come to find a little girl who has no parents and needs to find them. Oh sorry their dead aren't they!" I look to the back of the group to see a 15 year-old boy called Tom. He's pretty much the school bully. He seems to be able to find a way to tease everyone in the school, even some of the teachers."Tom." I say coldly, merely acknowledging him. He, as it's clear, teases me about being a fostered child."Why don't you run along to mummy and daddy there's a good girl oh, where are they? They can't be dead?!" he says laughing wickedly with his friends."Shut up." I say. "Shut up!""Why would I? That would be a bit boring I would think you would know that""SHUT UP!" I shout, giving him a death glare. Suddenly, the clouds start to gather, and then a thunderstorm is upon us."Tom, I need to go.""We should go.""Come on!"Slowly they all disintegrate. What happened? It was a cloudless, sunny day before I had lost my temper. I stood there, in the rain wandering into my own thoughts.I walk back home, stopping by a parked car on my way. I look into it and see a tall girl with long black hair, dripping straight, purple eyes that go green in the sun, pale skin, cherry coloured lips and an unreadable expression. My long side fringe is sticking to my face, my clothes sopping wet. As I turn onto my road I see a man, in his late-thirties, with messy black hair. I recognise his face from somewhere, but I can't put my finger on where. He comes up to me slowly."Dear me this rain would you mind if I come into your home until it stops?" he says kindly. What was that thing about strangers Azzy? I guess somehow I trust this guy.I nod slowly and lead him into my house. My foster parents had left me a note saying that they had gone food shopping. I sit down on the sofa as the man sits down in the armchair opposite me."My name is Harry Potter. I am very grateful to you.""Azzy. I'm 12.""May I ask you a question do you know what caused this storm?" he asks curiously. I shake my head. "I can tell you if you want." My eyes widen, but my mum's voice is in my head. Never talk to strangers. Unless it's a policeman. But this guy didn't seem like a stranger. I felt like I knew who he wasbut I didn't."It was because of a wizard. Or a witch." Wait. Was this guy pulling my leg? He seemed perfectly serious about it though!"Excuse me?""A wizard or a witch. In this case - a witch." He says, indicating to me."What?" But then realisation comes through me. The storm had started when I lost my temper. Could this actually be the answer? "No! I can't be a witch! They don't exist! They can't! There's been no scientifical explanation ever!" He simply smiles and takes out a wooden stick from his jacket."Wingardium leviosa." He swished the stick and a flower from the glass vase came fluttering out of it. I was filled with wonder."So you must be a wizard!" I say excited. I look at the flower and say: "Wingardium Leviosa!" Another flower went up and joined the other. At this the other flower dropped and I looked over to Mr Potter. He was looking at me surprised and curious."I didn't mean to do that! I was just repeating it!" I said, confused with myself."Never in my life as an auror, have I seen the ability to do magic, without a wand, and without experience! This will be why you didn't show up with the trace!""The trace- that's the thing that tracks underage wizards." I say before I could stop myself. Mr Potter looks at me uncertainly."How do you know that? You were brought up by muggles!""I saw it in a dream it must've been a vision you're the guy who defeated Lord Voldemort when you were 17!" I say, finally realising where I had seen his face. I had seen everything in dreams! But how would anyone be able to do that?"Come with me. Is it okay if I try to put a spell on you? It won't hurt you if it does but I need to check"he looked at me oddly. He pointed his wand at me and a beam of light came from it and I quivered with fear. But before it got to me I found myself protected by some kind of energy shield! "So they do exist Azalea. You're an Annodite."I'm in my room, packing most of my clothes into my blue duffel bag. I also stuff some books, my pencil case, and my toiletries in the side pocket."I'm done!" I shout, running down the stairs and putting my shoes in."Great, come with me. I'm taking you to my house, grimauld place. You will stay there until we have things figured out." He turns to look directly at me. "Don't worry; I'll make sure nothing bad happens to you. I promise you will have as normal life as any other." And with that, I grasp his arm, I feel him spin, and I clutch my stomach with my free hand. I feel like I'm going to be sick. My stomach is full of butterflies. If this is what it feels like to be a witch, I'm out. I feel us stop moving and look up to see an ancient looking terrace house, with a wine coloured door with the number 13 on it. Mr Potter goes up to the door and holds it open for me. I walk through the narrow corridor with Mr Potter right behind me. He beckons for me to go up the stairs and I head into a room at the very top of the stairs. It feels like the house is bigger than it looks on the outside. Its walls are mostly light grey and the carpet beige. In the room that is mine for the moment, the carpet is black with lilac walls. There is a large wardrobe to the left of the door, and a single bed underneath the window. Next to the wardrobe there is a neat wooden desk and a small bookcase. It is a spacious room and I drop my bag in the wardrobe, not sure whether to unpack, and sit on the bed reading my book.There is a faint sound of the door creaking and I see a boy my age with dark messy hair, green eyes and pale lips."Who are you? What's your name? Did dad bring you here?" He asks looking like he couldn't stop the words from flowing out. I raise my eyebrows and change my position so I'm cross-legged and say:"I'll tell you my name if you tell me yours." The boy smiles and comes in and sits next to me."My name is Albus Severus Potter, but everyone calls me Al. I am 12 years old, turning 13 on 11th November.""Drat!" I say annoyed. He looks at me weirdly. "Oh, sorry, My name's Azalea Zamora, but everyone calls me Azzy and I'm 12 turning 13 on November 12."! I say, unsatisfied. Why does this guy have to be exactly 1 day older than me!"Haha- I'm older than you!" I give him an annoyed look and continue."Harry Potter met me on the street of my house in the middle of a thunderstorm that I somehow caused. He explained that I am a witch and that I am not the normal kind of witch. Apparently, I'm an Annodite.""Wow! What's an Annodite? You caused a thunderstorm? How did you get that hacked of?" he says laughing. And for some reason I'm laughing too."I have no idea! I only found out I was a witch 2 hours ago and that they actually exist! And I got that hacked off with an idiot who was teasing me for having dead parents and being fostered!" I say simply."Oh, I'm sorry.""Oh shut up! I hate people feeling sorry for me!" We laugh along, him finding out I mostly wear dark colours and love rain, and me finding out he hates peanut butter and mushrooms! Not together though! I like him. He gets his looks from his father, which is obvious. I don't like him like him, I just like him. As a friend. It's odd, I already feel more at home with him then any of my other friends I've had. To think this morning I was bored with my normal life. Well, screw that! I'm wondering into a completely unknown world, abnormal is now my middle name!
