EvaI sat, leaning against a large maple tree. I was waiting for my friends Josie, Fiona, and Hannah. They had said they would meet me under the maple tree across from the dock by the lake at precisely 10:00, and here it was 10:20 and there was no sign of them. I sighed and repositioned myself against the tree so it wasn't cutting into my back so much.We were meeting at the lake by my house so we could spend a fun day diving, swimming, and playing fun games in the water and on the beach. This had become kind of a tradition for us. On the first Sunday of every month we would go to Fiona`s house. On the second we would go to Hannah`s. On the third we would go to Mine. And on the Fourth, if there was a fourth, we would go to Josie`s. Josie had the fourth Sunday because she didn't really like people coming over to her house, for a reason we did not know, so usually we would go to the park on Josie`s Sunday or into town.Just then I saw Josie running towards the lake. She was yelling to me but I couldn`t quite make out what she was saying .I stood up and started walking quickly walking, then braking out into a run, thinking there must be some kind of an emergency, she was standing so I could hear her better. When I got there she started talking so fast I couldn`t make out what she was saying. I caught "Hannah..flying bookdid it again..with her mindit was like magic!""Slow down, slow down" I said "I can`t make out a word your saying" She took a few deep breaths and collected herself and then launched into her tale."Well, Fiona was at my house already so we went over to Hannah`s to pick her up and then go down to the lake and meet you. And Hannah was sitting at her desk staring at the book in front of her which was on top of the book we were supposed to be studying for homework. And Hannah said that she had been studying the book we were supposed to be studying and she just couldn`t find the right information and then the other book just flew over and landed on top of that book and it opened itself, itself! And Hannah found all the stuff she needed. And then when we came over Hannah told us what happened and Fiona thought she should try to move it with her mind, so she went and put it where it was originally and sat at her desk and tried and tried to have it move over to her desk again. And guess what? It did!""Wow" that was all I could say "Wow" then thinking that I would quite like to see Hannah move things with her mind I said "can go to Hannah`s and see her move the book?""Yah" she responded, sounding like this was what the others had told her to ask me and she should have asked me straight off "That's what Hannah and Fiona told me to tell you" she added confirming my suspicions. As we walked back around the lake Josie gave me a very in depth story about exactly what had happened.When we got back Fiona and Hannah were waiting for us bursting with excitement. Fiona looked as if she would have much rather it had happened to her but was still very excited at our friend's achievement. "Do it, do it Hannah" she said the moment we entered Hannah`s room. Hannah went over to her desk and sat down. Josie tapped my shoulder and indicated the book that Hannah was trying to move and then put her finger to her lips, telling me to be quite. Hannah screwed up her eyes and her face started to turn red. Then like magic the book Josie had indicated to me earlier rose up off the teetering stack of books it was on (Hannah was a big reader) and begin to slowly drift toward her. Then with a last burst of speed it landed on her desk with a plop and we broke out into applause."Wow, Hannah, How did you do it?" I asked, wondering if she was a witch because how else could Hannah do magic. Well I guess we had no confirmation that it was magic, but what else could it be?"Hannah, could you move other things with your brain, like, could you move that vase across the room? Or maybe you should try moving something heavier?" Fiona asked. And Hannah could move the vase. And the chair. And her bed. Well her bed and the chair didn't fly across the room, the just slid."Hannah do you think you could move two things at once?" asked Josie"Well I could try" replied Hannah "I'll move those two books" she said pointing out two books on her bookshelf. She screwed up her eyes the just like the first time she did it and the top book slowly begin to float towards her then it stopped in midair and the second book floated up and begin to slowly float towards the first one, then the first one moved, then the second one, then the first one, then the second one, then the first one plopped onto her desk, she opened her eyes and smiled thinking she had seceded but the she saw the one book in front of her and heard the clunk of the second book as it hit the floor her having lost her concentrationShe tried it again and again and again. Always with the same results then on her fifth try she made some improvement. After the first book landed on her desk she kept her concentration and the a few seconds later the second book landed on top of the first with a pleasing thump.At noon they went home for lunch but met back at Hannah's house at half past twelve. They ate very quickly all to the confusion of their parents, the girls were usually very slow eaters unless there was something the dreadfully had or wanted to do. So the parents knew something was up even if the girls would not say a thing about why they were at Hannah's house instead of the lake or what they had done cooped up in Hannah's room all morning.After a quick lunch they met back at Hannah's house. When we got their Hannah was sitting at her desk with her mom's laptop in front of her she had a website opened and was reading an article entitled 'what to do with your just-discovered powers'."What are you reading" asked Fiona"Oh, just doing a bit of research. Though I don`t think most of these articles will be much help. The first one said I should be in a lunatic's asylum, the second one said I'm probably imagining things, and this one says I should be a super hero and save the world""Well, there`s nothing wrong with being a super hero, is their?" questioned Josie"Yah, but being a superhero isn`t really my thing" Hannah said as she closed the internet window and turned off the laptop."Oh" Josie said, as though she thought that she would like to be a super hero and maybe she should have been given the powers so she could save the world. She opened her mouth to say something else, but then closed it again."Hannah, I have an idea" I said as I thought of a new way to approach the internet search "why don`t instead of searching along the lines of 'what to do with my new powers' search 'people with magical powers'""OK" she said. She fired up the laptop and opened up Google. She typed 'people with magical powers' into the search box and clicked Go. What came up were a list of magicians that went around performing at schools and other events, and another article with the lunatics asylum view. Just then a message appeared on the laptop screen saying 'if you do not plug into another power source soon laptop will shut down automatically.Hannah went to get the laptops charging cord. When she returned she plugged one end into an outlet on her wall and the other into the laptop. Then she closed the laptop and moved it to the side of her desk on top of a stack of papers. She decided to continue experimenting with her powers.All the rest of the afternoon Hannah experimented with her new powers, trying moving heavier objects, or making things just levitate off the ground and spin, or fly around in circles. Everything she tried to move did move, with the exception of when she tried to move Josie across the room, her powers must not work on humans. We were going over to my house the next afternoon to test it on my cat to see if it didn`t work on all living things or just humans, we would try it on a tree in the park but we didn`t want anyone to see."Hannah do you think you're a witch?" I asked later that day when I finally got to voice my question."I don`t know" she said at my question Josie had turned a delicate shade of pink and quickly asked Hannah if she thought she could move something attached to something else like if she could mover her mom`s laptop but not the cord it was plugged into to charge because it had ran out of battery.Hannah tried. She closed her eyes and we all turned toward the laptop. The round part that plugged into the laptop had slowly begun to come out. Then the parts plugged into the wall begin to come out of the outlet. Then the cord soured over and landed in front of Hannah.That was the last thing we got to do that day as it was time for me, Josie, and Fiona to go home. I said goodbye to them outside Hannah's house as their houses were to the left and mine was to the right."See you tomorrow" I called just before crossing the street"See you, remember were meeting at you`re house after school tomorrow" Fiona called back. As I walked down the street I thought about what had happened today. Why did Josie not want to talk about Hannah being a witch? Now that I thought about Josie was always sensitive to the topic of witches. In third grade when we were all going to be witches for Halloween, Josie insisted that we shouldn`t, and in fourth grade when we all had to write a story about magic, Josie`s was the only one that didn`t have any witches or wizards. Why did she not want to talk about witches?plan on new chapters going up about once a week, i apologize in advance if i miss a week, but it just means i`m busy. thanks! Sorry.. this is narrated by Eva not Hannah. if you already read it, sorry for the confusion.. but its fixed now! 
