****PLEASE NOTE! This story is not written by me, it is written by my friend. My friend and I have agreed together to post each other's stories on each other's profiles. She is a member of a FanFiction site called Inkitt. Some of my better stories will be going onto her profile there and her stories will be posted here on mine. We call it a fair trade off. Thank you for understanding.The Black TwinsBy Samantha FooteChapter 1The Black Children"How could you leave me with her?" She yelled at him on the train platform just before the start of sixth year. "After everything that happened, you just leave without a word to anyone. You have no idea how lonely I was without you!""I'm sorry," the teenager reached out and pulled the girl towards him in a tight hug, "I didn't think you'd want to come with me.""You didn't even bother to ask," Her voice was muffled from resting in his shoulder, which was now damp from her tears."I ran away to James' place, you never liked him.""I would've still come with you Siri.""But-""No buts about it, anywhere is better than living with our mother." She sniffled, pulling away. "We're twins, twins aren't supposed to leave each other behind.""I'm sorry, it'll never happen again. I promise.""Congratulations Mrs. Black, you've given birth to twins.""Siri," The little red headed girl whined, reaching forward to pull on her brothers' hand."What?" Sirius screamed, tugging his hand away."I just wanted to play," Then she was running away, her loud wails making the walls groan and pictures yell. Sirius stuffed his hands in his pockets, turning away. A pair of brown eyes watched him from the crack of a doorway. The little boy slipped out and ran up the stairs after his older sister."Are you okay?" Regulus whispered, spotting the girl hiding behind an upstairs couch."I just wanted to play with Sirius; he always goes off and does his own thing. I want him to teach me Quidditch Reg. He loves it, he's my twin, I wanna do things he likes." She sniffled, rubbing her left eye with her fist. One piercing green eye stared up at him, wide and fearful."I'll teach you Lily," Regulus smiled at her, taking her hand gently in his and pulling her towards the door of the room."Thank you Reg," Her smile and laughter was blinding, both children racing through the halls excitedly the small backyard where there were brooms to fly around on."Sirius, why do mum and dad keep talking about some sort of dark lord rising to power soon?" Lily tossed herself backwards onto Sirius bed. His sock covered feet wiggled in her direction, his knees pulled up tight to his chest as he attempted to hide the book he was reading."It's something to do with a pure pureblood line," Sirius let his bookmark fall into place, the spine laid out with gold letters; Pureblood Struggle. It was the only kind of books their family had in the library. Lily crinkled her nose at it, reaching back to grab her brother's legs."We'll be gone from it all in two years Siri," She grinned at him, pulling at his pants."We won't really be gone from it," Sirius placated."Stop spoiling my dream.""Sorry Lils," He brushed her red hair with his hand, leaning back into his pillow."What house do you want to be in?""Do you want me to say what mother has taught us to say or my actual desire?""Your actual desire." Lily flipped onto her stomach, swinging her legs through the air."Gryffindor, but don't let mum know.""Never," Lily clasped her pinkie in his. "I wouldn't mind Ravenclaw or Gryffindor, but mum does expect Slytherin children.""I suppose it's all up to the hat," Sirius reached into his pocket, pulling out a cauldron cake he had hid earlier. Lily held out her hand expectantly, happily receiving a large portion of the sweet treat."I don't want to be without you.""Me either,""Do you mind if I sit there?" A small, pale faced boy with greasy black hair was standing awkwardly in the compartment door."Sure," Lily smiled brightly at him. "My name is Lily.""Severus," he seemed reluctant to touch her outstretched hand."This is my twin brother Sirius," the boy nodded only slightly in his direction, a sour look seemingly glued to his features."Er... Hello." Another boy, this one with messy hair and square glasses framing his hazel eyes was staring at the empty seat."Go on and sit down then," Sirius jerked his head at the plaid cover."Are you all first years?" The boy tried to make conversation, but only received nods in response. Any conversation held between the eleven year olds for a good portion of the ride was in whispers, until one of Severus' and Lily's conversations became a little too loud."You'd better be in Slytherin.""Who wants to be in Slytherin? I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?" The boy named James, which they had learnt somewhere amidst the whispered conversations, let his voice become quite derogatory."Our whole family has been in Slytherin," Sirius shrugged, waving towards Lily as well."Blimey, and I thought you seemed alright!""Maybe one of us will break tradition. Where are you heading, if you've got the choice?""'Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart!' Like my dad." James dramatically lifted an invisible sword, obviously imagining the coveted sword of Gryffindor which few wizards had come across in their lives. Severus snorted at his antics, but James did not take it well. "Got a problem with that?""No, if you'd rather be brawny than brainy-""Where're you hoping to go, seeing as you're neither?" Sirius slipped in, Lily glared at him disdainfully. He could be so rude at times."Come on Severus, let's find another compartment." Lily stood, ushering the pale boy out with her."See ya, Snivellus," James taunted, sticking out a foot to try and trip the boy."Lily, wait." Sirius stumbled out of the compartment door after his twin."What?" She snapped."Look, I'm sure James didn't mean any harm.""And yet there was harm done, so leave it alone.""Lils," Sirius grabbed for her hand, but she pulled it away."Leave it alone." Then her small hand wrapped around Severus' and pulled him down the train. Just before they were about to disappear, her body turned and gave one last pleading call. "You could choose you know, to come with us.""Black, Lily." Professor McGonagall called, Lily's small frame was shuddering as she passed other first years to the stool. The hat was more daunting than it should be. She brushed past Sirius and his new train friend, but before she could go all the way past his hand gripped hers tightly, wishing her well. It was what Lily needed at the moment, the support of her twin. She sat on the stool, hoping the creaking didn't mean it would break under her. The brown hat was dropped onto her head and the great hall before her was no more."Lots of cunning I see, full of love for her family despite how often they've left you behind." The hat whispered into her ear, Lily held back a jump. "Scared of retribution if you were to be in another house besides Slytherin, but wishing you could break away from the family mold. Courageous, very brilliant mind. I could see you being in every house, but ultimately I suppose, the choice is up to you.""I don't want to choose, I want to just be told where to go. I'm scared and my mum wants me in Slytherin, but I want to stay with Sirius my twin who hasn't been sorted yet. I have a friend who wants to be in Slytherin and I want to be with my new friend, but I've always had my brother. He's going to try and be in Gryffindor, I just know it, and I'm scared to be away from my brother. We've never really been separated. How do you expect me to choose between my family and my friend?""Beware Lily, there may come a day where you have the make the choice you are most afraid of. However, I think I know where you might best fit in-even if you stand out a little. Your courage to stand up knows no bounds after all.""I like that idea," Lily whispered."Then you best know you're going to-" The hat's voice echoed out into the Great Hall with a shout of, "Gryffindor!"Lily sat frozen on the stool. Her green eyes widened in shock, Sirius' brown eyes meeting hers and nudging his head towards the cheering table. Lily's eyes slid across a disappointed black set and she tried to convey her shocked feelings to him. Letting him know he should try and choose the house the hat had chosen for her. She moved mechanically towards the table, hoping her brother would join her within a few moments."Black, Sirius." Lily's eyes snapped to the boy now approaching the sorting hat as well. She watched the hat rest gently on her brother's head; only moments later it was yelling out his own sentence."Gryffindor!" Lily slid out of the seat, standing to greet him with a tight hug. They were so short, no one noticed anything different."I was so scared," She whispered into his ear."I'm here for you, forever."
