High offices of the countryChapter OneIn an office in the heart of London, a politician sat nursing a headache and a brandy. His country was in a state of frenzy which his government had been unable to control. There had been a number of unexplainable murders and disappearances, two earthquakes had also hit the country and had damaged four highly used bridges and other large structures.He picked up the paper from his desk again hoping to find something to pass the time until his late night meeting, but he did not see anything that made him forget his week, the front page read "Prime Minister has a Bomb go off in his own back garden," he threw away the paper in disgust and it landed on the report of that incident. The bomb in question had detonated only a three minute walk away in a flat owned by an elderly spinster and recluse named Amelia Bones according the records, but the report had shown that the flat had blown up, with all windows and doors locked from the inside, the cause of the explosion was unknown, with no suspects or witnesses. They were not even sure that Miss Bones has been in the flat, but couldn't prove she wasn't.There had also been a murder a little further into the city of another women by the name of Emerline Vance, again that too had been under strange and unexplainable circumstances. But this had not been what had the Prime Minister on edge, only earlier that day when he had planned to leave early to surprise his wife he had been ambushed by a voice.A voice that emanated from the corner of the office, half hidden in the corner was a small dirty miniature from the seventeenth century depicting a ugly little man wearing a long silver wig. The little man had told him that a representative of his opposite number would meet with him that night at half past eight, two years previously he had believed that someone had been playing a trick on him with the portrait, but he had soon been convinced of the existence of the magical community that coexisted but hidden within his own country.He was pulled out of his memory of his first encounter by a small cough from the wigged man,"To the Prime Minster to the Muggle community of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, The Ministry Magical liaison is on his way." He said in a pompous voice, but the prime Minister could see sneer he spoke with when the man regarded him.He looked up at the fireplace and watched as the burning embers of long lost fire suddenly flared and turned bright green, and a revolving mass of robes and limbs appeared and landed in front of him and to the Primeministers surprise he knew the man."Mr Shacklebolt?" he asked bewildered that the aide that he had hired only two weeks previously somehow fell out of his fireplace "how? What? I mean ""Sorry for the intrusion" Kingsley said in a calm voice "I also apologise for the subterfuge in which I have become a member of your staff, however that is for your own protection, now I am aware of the current crisis that you are facing, so too does my own ministry. We have an advantage over your government as we know what the cause of these disasters are."The Prime Minister didn't say a word, but poured himself a large glass of brandy and downed it in one, wondering why on earth he ever ran for election, "You are a wizard?" he asked trying to get some sense back to himself.Kingsley smiled slightly, to the Minister he looked no different than a normal person, he was wearing the suit he had word to work, no sign on him betrayed him of the strangeness of this other world."yes I am, I suppose I am the equivalent of your police officers, intelligence officers and soldier all rolled in one" Kingsley said easily, "Minister Scrimgeour was also of the same profession before rising to become Minister." From his sleeve a long brown thin piece of wood fell into his hand and he transformed the paper he had been reading before into a paper airplane which said once around the room before landing, "Minister Scrimgeour has appointed me his liaison between the Ministry of Magic and yourself, he would come himself but it I was suggested to be the one who speak with you."The Prime Minister couldn't help but agree with these unknown people, he had met Rufus Scrimgeour a number of months previously and he could tell he was some form of military man, but he lacked what the prime minister would class as political skills, he was no very eloquent, he spoke bluntly and wasted as little time as possible. In truth he did not trust the man, he didn't seem to have time to deal with him and seemed to want to leave his office as quickly as possible, although he found him preferable to his predecessor."Very well" The Prime Minister replied "will you still staying in your place during the day?""Yes, I am your security against magical threats." Kingsley said soothingly "the man known as Lord Voldemort and his followers the Death Eaters may wish to come after you as the leader of the Muggles, I will do my best to protect you from them.""Not to be rude Mr Shacklebolt, but you didn't do a good job, a house was blown up down the road by what I guess was magic." the prime Minister complained now knowing that this man could have prevented some of his problems."We had no intelligence of that attack, but my duty is to protect your health, not your time as prime minister" Kingsley said carefully "how you handle these events is down to you, and will determine if you keep your publics support."Understanding the parameters of the mans job he nodded, "Am I also to assume that this Miss Bones was a member of your community?""Yes, she was the head of our law enforcement and the head of a noble family" Kingsley explained"Nobles? You have nobles?" the Minister asked surprised, he was not a monarchist, and did not support the aristocracy"we have twenty three noble families" Kingsley said carefully, "Amelia Bones is the head of one of those families, she is a key figure in our community who had taken refuge away from her London residence. Now I have a number of events to brief you on so perhaps we should get comfortable."HPHPHPIn another office in another part of the country a different man was sitting at his desk he was reading over the last revisions of his Will, and with a deep sigh, he signed the bottom and tucked it aside."You know Albus you could try to find a cure for your illness," said a small voice from behind the man."Alas Armando, I do not believe that it is possible," he replied with a small smile and turned to look at his long-time friend and former colleague, "But this is a end that every living being must meet. I only wish to make sure that I am ready, as well as the people I leave.""Dumbledore you cannot expect us to believe that," said a snide voice, "You never tell anyone anything unless you somehow gain, or you have no choice.""I do not disagree with you Phineas, but I would add that when I give information it is the correct time," Albus said and he walked towards one of the cabinets that lined the room and pulled out a large rectangular item covered in a white sheet. He pulled off the sheet and uncovered a portrait of himself.He started to transfer memories into the portrait slowly and chose to ignore the portraits around him. He was able to place a number of memories into portrait before he was suddenly wracked by a paralysing fit, he would have screamed in agony, but he no longer controlled his tongue. Fawkes fluttered over to him and began to croon softly trying to help in any way he could, but he was beyond the help of the phoenix.After a long time, he eventually managed to gain control over his own bodily functions and straightened himself. From his drawer he pulled out a phial of potion that he had brewed himself, he took a small bracing sip and felt some strength return to his limbs, but he knew that it would not last.He looked over to his faithful friend who was watching him from his perch carefully. "Please could you get Professor McGonagall for me my friend?" he asked quietly.Fawkes gave a shrill cry, and fixed him with a long look, but after a minute he left in a flash of fire. Dumbledore felt sorry for him; Fawkes knew that he did not have long in this world and he would soon no longer be his companion. Fawkes would, however, live on for many years until his eternal flame died.He remembered the day that he had found him, quite by chance, laying in a pile of ash in the mountains surrounding Hogwarts. A rather fierce eagle had tried to eat him as he had been a defenceless new-born. He had rescued him from the predator, placed him within his pocket, and taken him home and fed him until he reached his maturity. The bird had never left his side and had become a faithful familiar, and a long time comfort.The flash of growing fire signified the return of Fawkes and when the fire dispersed it left a concerned looking colleague."Is there something wrong Albus?" she asked, her eyes looking at him over her glasses and then focusing on the phial of potion he had left out."No Minerva, on the contrary," He said giving her a small smile, "I have a few tasks that I require of you."Minerva looked at him with a stern look that Dumbledore could imagine her giving to her students, however, she took the seat opposite him, but as she sat she saw the portrait of him, and his will that was sitting on his desk and she looked at him in shock."No, I will not be the Witness!" she said sternly."Minerva, we have had this conversation," He said in a weak voice, "This curse cannot be reversed, and whilst I could perhaps stall it, I will not. I am not able to use complex or powerful magic, even simple spells can now escape me. My body is old and it cannot cope with the strain of the curse. I may have been able to stall its physical effects but mentally it would eat away at me. No, it's better to end things sooner and on my own terms.""You cannot speak about your death in such a manner, you might as well be asking me if I want one of those sherbet lemons!" she snapped at him with her nostrils flaring dangerously."Would you care for one?" Dumbledore asked, chuckling at her face as it contorted in outrage, " Calm yourself Minerva, I do not wish for us to argue, my mind is set and there is nothing that will change it."Neither of them spoke for ten minutes, but it was a comfortable silence. Dumbledore knew that his deputy was fighting her instinct. She eventually gave a deep sigh, "Very well Albus, what would you have me do?" she asked, defeated.He slid over the document that he had written, it had not taken him long he only had five beneficiaries, but there was a number of conditions on which his estate was to be used."Please, could you witness this," he said cautiously and handed her a blood quill, which she took begrudgingly. She read through the will in no time at all, but made no comment on its content and signed the bottom and passed it back. Dumbledore signed in his own blood, and pressed his wand to the parchment and with a small flash magic it was drawn into the parchment."What will happen to the school?" she asked quietly looking out of the window, with a number of tears falling down her cheeks, but her jaw was set."I would trust that after all these years of being deputy headmistress, that you would take my position," Dumbledore said. He paused for a moment, he had contemplated this for some time, since his return from the ministry, "However should it become apparent that Voldemort controls the school, I would hope that you would make sure that you are still here to protect the students, even if you were to replace Mr Filch.""You doubt me!" she snarled looking every part a Gryffindor as a lion itself."No Minerva, but I know how proud you are, and you will not like to bow to Voldemort," Dumbledore said to placate her, "You are a true Gryffindor, who will fight to her last to protect her students. I only ask that you choose your moment.""Fine, but I for one hope that day does not come to pass, for I fear for our community if that were to happen," she said."I believe that the ministry will fall first, as in order to control Hogwarts the ministry will need to be under his control," Dumbledore replied, "But his eyes are on this castle, do not mistake that, he foresees the time where our country is under his control and I would like to have faithful people here to protect students, and the Order can protect those who will not be accepted by Voldemort.""It would be easier if you were still here," McGonagall added with a pointed look."My dear Professor, it is not for me to shape events anymore, I have lived a long time and made mistakes. It is up to you and the new generation to take control of events," Dumbledore said cryptically, and he was certain that one man would be a key part of the downfall of Voldemort."You mean Harrison, don't you?" McGonagall said quietly with a sorrowful look, "Is it fair to expect so much of him?""Fair, no. But it will not happen any other way, Harry's life and Voldemort's are entwined, Harry will not rest until Voldemort is gone, for as long as his enemy is alive he will have no life and he will be hunted.""He's just a boy!" McGonagall shouted, "How can you place this burden on a fifteen year old boy, older and more accomplished wizards have fallen at the hands of that murderer. His own parents fell at his hands and they were two of the most powerful people of their generation!""The blood flows strong in the lad," An ancient portrait said from the top of the office, it was nearly black with age, but a man could be seen holding a long staff, and he had a long red beard, "Through him flows the blood of his ancestors, they will guide him well.""Thank you Alexas," Dumbledore smiled up at the portrait, it was not often that the first headmaster of the school spoke; he spent most of his time frozen and inactive."That is well and good, but he has much to learn, which you could have taught him Albus!" McGonagall exclaimed."I trust that Sirius will do just that, I am aware that he has taken him to the Black hunting lodge to teach him for the summer, but Harry will learn much himself as time goes on," Dumbledore said pleasantly, "Sirius will protect Harry for as long as he can, but there comes a time when a man has to stand on his own feet, and I believe that Harry has proven on many occasion that he can.""I do not deny he has done more than many members of the order, but I do not believe this is what James and Lily would have wanted for their son.""No, I very much doubt it was, but alas, not everything that happens is in our control," Dumbledore said wisely, "Now my only other request of you Minerva is that you make sure that my final resting place is here at Hogwarts.""That is unprecedented Albus; no headmaster has been laid to rest on these grounds. Not even the founders are buried here," She said shocked of his request."That is a matter of debate, some accounts state that they were all buried here in a hidden chamber, other say that only three were buried here," he replied, "But I digress, this has been my home for the majority of my life, and this is where I wish to be laid to rest.""What about your plot in the Hollow?" Minerva asked, she knew of his personal history in that small village."No," he said sadly, thinking of the grave yard where his mother and sister rested, with the tombstone that he had chosen, and the harsh argument that he had with his brother that day, "Let them rest without me, they are together as they should have always been.""I will try my hardest to follow you last wish, Albus, but I may not be able to convince the governors," She stood and said, "Is there anything else Albus?""No Minerva, I know that you do not agree with my choice, but it is mine to make," He said with a smile, "Long have we been friends, colleagues and confidants, trust in me that I am making the right choice."McGonagall nodded quickly and darted out of the door without a look behind."Good bye Albus" she said and she closed the door.He stood from his chair and made his way over to cabinet that contained his pensieve, which was now empty he no longer had need to store his memories into the device, and from the shelf underneath, he picked up an ornate looking chest made of ivory.Setting it down on his desk he opened it and looked over the many small vials that it contained, many years of memories contained within one chest, this small chest contained memories that he had long extracted and his research into the past actions of people.He pulled out his wand, a wand that he had used for many years and wand that had never failed him and wand he thought he had tamed. He began to insert the memories back into his mind, with that came the emotional pain of briefly reliving every memory. Eventually the long and odious task was done, leaving only seventeen memories, of those he kept only six which he placed into a new box onto which he had scribed runes, a magic he still could use without over exerting himself.With a sigh he looked at his memory box, and from a hidden compartment at the bottom he pulled out three items, one a photograph of a brief acquaintance from his youth who had taught him a life lesson, the man smile up at him with charming look that had hidden his darker evil side. The second an ancient photograph of a family, a happy family frozen in time onto the paper. A tear fell onto the photograph as he looked onto his family, and memories that he had extracted filled his mind, memories that threatened to overwhelm him with grief and guilt.The last item was long, thin and made from wood, he pulled it out and red and golden sparks ignited briefly, recognising its owner after long years of being unused. It was his wand, which he had bought when he was eleven years old from Gerbold Ollivander, the grandfather of the current Mr Ollivander. It was a wand that he had not used in fifty one years: its core was fittingly the feather of a phoenix and the wood was pine and rowan.This was the wand that he had used in his fight with Gellert Grindelwald. That day he had overcome a great deal and he had been victorious, the wand's last act had been to seal Gellert in a cell at the top of his own prison and place new containment wards onto the cell.The wand was still as warm to his touch as it had been when he first held it as a small boy. With a small smile he placed it into his pocket and pulled out his more recent wand. He looked around the room and realised that his affairs were now in order. His brother was not speaking to him, they had spoken at the end of the school year, but it had been strained and his brother had nearly cursed him.It was well past midnight when he finally finished clearing most of his personal things from the drawers and placing them into his own personal rooms. He sighed deeply; he had cleared the office of everything that he didn't want to fall into the wrong hands, as he was not entirely sure who would succeed him.He pulled out his wand and cast enchantments onto five books. He had just finished the spells when his body was wracked by more pain and he doubled over in his chair, he shook heavily and he fell from his chair and his chest began to rise and fall quickly. It was in this moment of agony which caused too much strain for his heart and the life was gone from behind the now lop sided half-moon glasses, that the castle, in which he now lay, was awoken by a very sorrowful phoenix song.HPHPHP Deep underground, in an office made out of expensive marble, elegant wood and gilded gold, an emergency meeting had been called between Minster for Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour, Amelia Bones, Head of Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and Director Croaker, Head of the Department of Mysteries."We have received word from Hogwarts that Dumbledore is dead," Scrimgeour said once everyone was in a seat, "this means that Hogwarts is at risk, He Who Must Not Be Named will see this as an opportunity, Hogwarts would be a prize worth his attention, it is a treasure of this country.""What are you getting at Rufus," Amelia snapped, she did not like be out in the open like this. Death Eaters had destroyed her London flat which she had bought many years previously to be closer to the ministry. It was fortunate that the remnants of the Bones family were now residing at Bones Manor, hidden behind the fidelius charm."We need to consider the security of the castle and the safety of the children of this country," He said, "I do not believe with Albus gone, no matter what trouble he caused us, that the school will remain safe.""Unfortunately Minister, that is not a decision that you can make," said the tired voice of the director the DOM, "You are forgetting that Hogwarts is a private school, we have no control over who attends the school, that is down the board of governors.""William is correct," Amelia said, "I agree that it is a blow to our fight that Dumbledore is no longer with us, but he would not wish for the school to be closed. However, the decision resides with the board of governors, which I am currently a member of.""We can apply pressure to them, but cutting the funding that we provide to the school," Rufus said, "By cutting our funding, the school will be short of funds and then be forced to close and emptied of valuables.""No!" Amelia exclaimed, "If you do that, the resources that the school will have access to will be cut, meaning less security. I will also point out that I do not support that action and I am certain that many of the rich families will subsidise the school to remain open.""You cannot lecture me on security Amelia, your own London flat was destroyed in a Death Eater attack," He roared at her. Amelia could see the strain of his new position on him, his face was lined, and he had dark shadows under his eyes."It is pointless to argue amongst ourselves," Croker said patiently and calmly, "Albus Dumbledore was a highly respected and recognised member of the British magical community and overseas, as such a high profile person, I would suggest we focus on his funeral arrangements.""It will be a private affair," Rufus said immediately, "Dumbledore would want that, to reduce the risk of attack.""True," Amelia agreed, "But Dumbledore will not have a private funeral, he is a public figure and all that wish to honour his memory should be allowed to pay their respects.""This is an opportunity that the Death Eaters and He Who Must Not be Named will not pass up, they will attack the funeral," Rufus exclaimed, "We cannot control the attendance, and it will be a security nightmare."Amelia stood up quickly, "I think this is a discussion for tomorrow. Rufus I suggest that you go home and sleep, you are not thinking clearly. I do not think that this meeting will be productive and it will not do to make hasty decisions.""I agree with Amelia Rufus, you are over taxing yourself, and with the week that we have had, I do not blame you. You will make bad decisions in the state that you are in, and as an auror, you know that is never a good thing. We can reconvene in the morning," Croaker said and stood and walked Amelia out of the minister's office."I do not envy him," Amelia said, "He is playing a role that I am not entirely sure he is right for, as head auror, he controlled the careers of many, but now he has to balance the lives of our entire community and the safety and secret of the Muggle community.""I agree, he is doing well enough with what he has to work with," Croaker replied and gave her a ghost of a smile, "But he is also aware that you are a contender of his position, more people will support you, I know you declined the position when the wizard's council was in session.""I declined as I did not believe that I was a figure that people would look to. Rufus was not the first choice; Lord Black was also nominated, as was Lord Danvers," Amelia stated, "Jacob refused the position as he had not worked a day in his life and did not want to start now, and believed it better to appoint a minister from the ministry. Sirius however only laughed and declined.""A lord of the Ancient House of Black, as Minster of Magic," Croaker said, chuckling to himself as they walked down the corridor which was empty as it was so early in the morning, "Now that would have been interesting, he is quite the enigma. I see so much different in him compared to his ancestors, but I see many of the same qualities at the same time.""Sirius would never want to be Minister, he can barely survive an entire Wizengamot meeting without falling asleep or cursing someone for their stupidity," she said smiling in return, "But he is a formidable ally. I will need to get a message to him, he is out of the country, but he will want to be aware of this."They arrived at the lifts and Amelia pressed the button for the atrium and they began to move."Will you go straight to Hogwarts?" Croaker asked."No, I will go home. I have owls to send, and I am sure that Lord or Lady Gilbert as head governor will have sent out a summons, which I will need to receive.""Be careful in that meeting Amelia, Rufus will be briefing the ministry representatives on the ministry stance for the school" Croaker pointed out as he escorted her to a fireplace "I also agree that the school should remain open, but I cannot see Rufus letting this go easily.""unfortunately neither do I" Amelia said with a grim half smile, she said goodnight and apparated out of the ministry.HPHPHPA lone man sat in the empty lodge overlooking a great expanse of land. He looked out over the grounds, which were bathed in moonlight, and below him, the forest blew in the wind making the gnarled old trees look more menacing.Somewhere below was his adoptive son. He had brought them straight here a week ago to begin the training of his heir. He knew that he had been cruel to shoot an arrow through his son's calf, but he needed to simulate the correct responses from him, he needs to train his instincts.He had found Harry a number of times a day and they had duelled and fought. Harry has been hesitant at first to strike him back, but it didn't take him long to realise he had no choice. He looked out over the forest and saw a small steady wisp of smoke rising from below the canopy. Harry had made a fire to keep warm or perhaps cook something, but he was giving away his position as easily as sending up sparks. It was like this that Sirius had tracked him previously; or he had tracked him as Padfoot or sensed his magic through the wards. Sirius had the advantage here, but that didn't mean that Harry couldn't evade him.He made to walk out of the sitting room, with its stone walls decorated in the heads of hunted creatures from the grounds, when he felt his communication mirror glow hot in his pocket."Remus Lupin," he said looking into the glass.And he was surprised by the haggard look his friend gave him and concern welled up inside him."What has happened Remus?" he asked."Albus, four hours ago" he said in a low voice, and he looked incredibly sad. He didn't have to finish his sentence as Sirius could hear a song suddenly build up, a song he had never heard, but he knew what it was, a Phoenix mourning song. He felt his heart ache and felt tears build up in his eyes."The curse has taken him?" Sirius asked for confirmation."Yes," he replied and Sirius could see that tears were falling down his friends face."Remus, you need to block out Fawkes, he is heightening your grief," Sirius said forcefully, as he retreated behind a number of layers mental defences and he felt the effects of the sounds fade. Even through a mirror they were still strong.Remus took a deep breath and Sirius saw something of the wolf in him in his eyes as he concentrated past the sorrow."The Governors have arrived in the school, Amelia sent you an owl, but she knows you will not receive it, and asked me to contact you," He said finally regaining some of his composure."That owl will be redirected to Gringotts," Sirius said thoughtfully, "Can you not sit in my seat as I requested?""That's the problem Sirius," Remus said, anger creeping into his voice, "I have just come from the meeting, I had to pretend to need the toilet, the majority of the governors want the school to close and they are disagreeing with Dumbledore's last wishes. As it stands only Amelia, Augusta, Gregor Maveric and I are supporting the school to remain open. We need you."Sirius swore loudly and began to pace, whilst Remus quickly told him what had happened in the meeting. All of the meetings that the governors had held were being ignored, they knew this day was looming, but with the Death Eater attacks, many of them were running scared.He walked to the window and saw that the smoke was still bellowing from below, "Fine, I will come, but they will regret pulling me away from Bulgaria. Harry will be fine on his own for a few hours, I want you to get here as soon as you can, bring with you Mad Eye and Bill. I want you to ambush Harry and make him defend himself. Mad Eye will know what I am doing and will probably have ideas.""That is the training you are doing!" Remus exclaimed with shock etched across his features, "You are attacking him!""No I am teaching him survival, something that Charlus taught me and James and I was taught by my grandfather and father when I was much younger than him. Moody also drilled these practices into me at the academy," Sirius said sternly, "It will teach him a lot, and some of these will be life lessons and help him make hard choices.""Fine, but I will speak to Alastor about this," Remus said and he cut the connection.Sirius didn't waste any time, he rushed out of the sitting room only pausing to pick up Harry's Firebolt, which he had brought as a surprise and reward for after their training was done. He swung himself onto the broom once he was out of the door and he kicked off. He was surprised out how good it felt to be on a broom after so many years, and how remarkable this broom really was.It took him five minutes at top speed to reach the edge of the property and he landed and crossed the threshold on foot, and the moment he was outside the wards he twisted and apperated. He did not like apperating at such large distances, the chances of splinching increase and the sensation was much more unpleasant, but he arrived in one piece at the gates of Hogwarts.He approached the gates and was met by four aurors"What business do you have here," they said in a toneless voice.Sirius's hand twitched, he was ready for anything and he trusted no body outside the gates, "I am Lord Black, here to attend a meeting of the Hogwarts governors, I would advise you to lower your wands and step aside," He growled, and to his satisfaction the aurors complied very quickly and moved aside casting him somewhat scared looks.As he approached the gates, he suddenly stood face to face with Snape who looked at him with a curled lip."Flaunting you powers as usual Black," He sneered and he pulled out his wand.Sirius returned the look, "Let me in Snape."Snape didn't respond but flicked his own wand at the gates which opened with a creak and a small barrier of magic was visible more a moment. Sirius stepped through and didn't waste another moment and swung his leg over the broom and flew up to the castle leaving Snape to secure the school.Ten minutes later Sirius was walking at a fast pace towards a door that was a room used for large meetings, it was opposite the staff room and contained a large table if memory from his school days served.Not waiting a further moment he put on the mask of Lord Black and stormed into the room, the look shock was on every face but his allies. At the head of the table sat a man that Sirius knew was Albert Heradale, a ministry representative who worked under the Minister.Sirius turned his gaze directly onto this man as he walked over to the chair that was empty, which he was sure had been Remus's, between Augusta and Jacob, "I apologise for my tardiness, I was out of the country, however perhaps you can explain to me, why you are sitting in the head governor chair Mr Heradale."Heradale took a gulp which was noticed by everyone around the table, he was a weak looking man, black haired, and boring brown eyes, and robes that looked incredibly flashy, but were made of poor quality."Mr Black if you" he began but Sirius stopped him."Lord Black to you, Heradale," he snapped, "And I do not care for excuses, remove yourself from that chair and allow Lord Gilbert to take his seat." Sirius didn't move from where he now stood glaring at the weak looking man, who didn't moved immediately, but after a glaring match and a battle of wills, he moved and Christopher Gilbert took his position at the head of the table.Looking around the room Sirius noted the governors in attendance, Amelia Bones, Harriet Cavendish, Jacob Danvers, Christopher Gilbert, Augusta Longbottom, Gregor Maveric and Oromis Smith, of the Ancient Houses; all were lords or lady of their house.The ministry representatives were Mr Heradale, Mr Gibbs, Mr King and Mrs Edgecombe and were all members of various departments of the ministry that he was certain they would want the school closed."Thank you Lord Black," said Lord Gilbert politely,"I see that Professor Lupin has left us in place of you. I apologise for pulling you away from you retreat on the continent."Sirius heard the small jibe at the fact he could sit safely in his family's houses out of the country but chose to ignore it."Thank you Lord Gilbert. Remus contacted me and told me of what has happened this night, and told me that you are thinking of closing this school," Sirius said, "I find myself wondering the reasoning behind this.""This school is a beacon to the Dark forces," Mr King said, and Sirius knew he worked in the DMLE somewhere, "it is a centre of learning, full of treasures both powerful and valuable, and the school should be emptied so that He Who Must Not Be Named does not gain them.""And where would you place everything?" Sirius asked, "The ministry? Gringotts? Our houses?""Everything can be stored safely in the deepest vaults of the ministry. We have heightened the security and the Death Eaters will be unable to obtain anything within our walls," He said confidently, he looked arrogantly at Sirius as though he had won that round."You speak of security, but the ministry of magic was infiltrated by the Death Eaters only weeks previously. Also, I will add that a group of Hogwarts students, including two of our own, managed to get through this security you speak of and prevent the Death Eaters from obtain artefacts from the Department of Mysteries, one of the most secured departments in the building," Sirius said laughing at the man's plan."I Agree with Lord Black," Augusta stated, "whilst Gringotts bank is secure, as it holds the gold of many families and untold riches, I do not believe that the bank will be able to hold such a large collection, the high security vaults aren't numerous, and there would not be enough room, even with magic. Also, we would make the goblin nation a target for the Dark forces, and they could be turned against us because of our actions.""This school must remain standing, for too long has it stood, I will not allow its magic and artefacts to fall into the hands of the Heir of Slytherin!" shouted Lord Smith, "He can have the castle, but we will have the magic.""You would still allow them to have the castle?" Mr Gibbs asked shocked, "If it comes to it, the school should be destroyed, He Who Must Not Be Named must never gain control of this historic school. His ancestor did not, and neither will he.""With Dumbledore dead who can guarantee the survival and safety of all of the students when school is in session? There is a reason that the school was never attacked directly during the last war, Dumbledore was a deterrent," Mrs Edgecombe said, "As much as Dumbledore was an eccentric headmaster prone to doing things his own way, he was still able to protect our children. The ministry does not feel confident that the school should remain open, the students can go to the ministry run schools.""I do not guarantee that the children will be safe or survive," Augusta said carefully, "It is a school full of children who experiment with magic and accidents happen. I however would put my faith in a school that had stood for over a thousand years, which had many layers of protective enchantments some as ancient as the school itself, rather than the ministry run schools, who would not be able to cope with the high capacity nor do they have the funding.""That can be changed with the Hogwarts tuition fees being diverted the state schools," Mr Gibbs said, "And of course the professors could be retained.""I for one will not be sending my son and wards to a ministry run school!" Lord Danvers stated firmly, "I will send them to Beauxbatons or Durmstrang before they go there, or I will send them to America. My money is being spent on a high level of education, not on some low level of education which only teaches which end of a wand to hold!""I can assure you that will be the response from many of the old families," Augusta said "I would not wish to send my grandson abroad, but I will if this is the avenue we follow. I am of the opinion that the school should remain open, the ministry can supply additional security and I am sure we can update the ward schemes and add some extra power to them.""Lady Longbottom, that is out of the question, the money would be better spent""Enough," Sirius said firmly, and felt his temper throb to be released, "Hogwarts as you have said is a beacon, it will be a beacon to Voldemort," there was a large shudder from around the room at the name which made Sirius' resolve only harder, "We shall not be frightened into submission, we will not run and hide! The school will remain open, even if I have to pay for it myself, I am certain that the professors will stay and they will teach which ever students still wish to have a higher education than that provided by the ministry.""You would risk my heritage, on your own whim!" Smith roared at him."Your heritage?" Sirius questioned nastily, "You have no ownership over the castle Oromis, Helga Hufflepuff did not leave the castle or any of its contents to her family, it was left to the school which was to belong to none. You may be her descendant, but that gives you no rights. The same is true for the Weasley's and the Longbottom's who are descendants of Gryffindor. Ravenclaw's line died with her daughter. Voldemort is a descendant of Slytherin and even he has no ownership over the school, and cannot control or access it freely. So stop you boasting and threating over something that does not belong to you.""You insult my ancestry!" Lord Smith spat, "Yet you wear yours like a crown, with your tree full of dark wizards, and if you go far enough back you are descended from the darkest witch of all time! You cannot force us""Lord Smith control yourself," Lord Gilbert said, "I think we have debated enough, and I would rather not have to listen to family history any longer. The question is simple should Hogwarts remain open.""I agree," Lord Danvers said speaking for the first time, "and I call for a vote""Agreed," Lord Gilbert said and he turned to his left and looked at Mr Heradale."I vote to close the school," He said glaring at Sirius.Next was Mr Gibbs who looked around the table and nodded, "I believe that the school should be closed."Madam Edgecombe also agreed to close the school; Mr Henry King however voted in favour of the school remaining open and ignored the looks of betrayal from his ministry companions.Sirius stood and looked at the Lords and Ladies, "I vote to keep this school open. I will fight to keep this school open. I believe closing this school will be like raising a white flag. Voldemort will not attack Hogwarts until has control of the Ministry, the school will be impenetrable as long as the ministry stands. I give my word that I will make sure this school is safe."He sat down and met the gaze of everyone who looked at him, and did not flinch from their gaze.Amelia stood and voted with him with a smile as did Augusta. Harriet Cavendish voted against the school in favour of the magical artefacts surviving. Christopher agreed to close the school, but stated that more discussion would follow about what would happen after, as it was still undecided. Gregor voted in favour of the school, stating that there should be no question of it being closed, Dumbledore would never have wanted it to close upon his death and neither would the parents.Next was Lord Oromis Smith, who glared at Sirius with a triumphant smirk, "I vote to close the school, with Dumbledore gone there is now no witch or wizard with the means to protect this school and our children."Sirius sat with a blank face, he was irritated. With that, the vote was not in favour of the school remaining open. And even if Lord Danvers voted with him, it would be a draw and he was not sure how they would break it."It seems that the vote falls to you Lord Danvers," Christopher said, "as you will either make the vote a draw, but by doing so you give enough votes of the Ancient houses to outvote the ministry, or if you vote against, the school will close.""That is preposterous!" Madam Edgecombe exclaimed, "You are saying even when we vote and it is a tie the decision is made by Ancient Houses, this is wrong and unfair.""Unfortunately that is the law," Christopher said with a smile, "the ministry was given a voice on this board, you were not given seats to control so therefore the ancient houses get the vote. If you believe that this should be changed, you should raise this in front of the Wizengamot."He turned away and looked at Lord Danvers expectantly who stood slowly and looked around the table before stating, "It falls to me to decide if this great school should be closed and allowed to be used by dark forces, or if we should build up its defences and continue to use it as a sign of our strength and will, with our children at risk.""I have listened to both sides, and I happen to agree with points on either side, however I feel that I cannot allow this school to be open, but in the control of someone who cannot keep our children safe." He said carefully and Sirius felt his heart drop, and he knew that he had lost and he would have to explain to Harry why he couldn't go back."But," Lord Danvers said after a long moment where the opposition had been smiling and celebrating, but silence was back in an instant," My conscience will not allow me to close this school without an attempt to keep it open, so in order for me to cast my vote, I would ask to place one condition on Lord Black and as long as he agrees the school will stay open.""Whatever the condition is, I will do it," Sirius said quickly before he could stop himself.Lord Danvers smiled, "Very well, then I vote in favour of the school remaining open."Sirius sat watching the man watching him, he had an amused look on his face that made Sirius nervous. He knew that he had acted rashly with his words and Lord Danvers had quickly spoken before he could make a concession."Very Well" Lord Gilbert said with a small nod, "Hogwarts School will remain open, but what is your condition Lord Danvers?""It is simple," Jacob said smiling at Sirius, "Sirius will have to guarantee the safety of the students.""By what means?" Sirius asked cautiously, knowing that whatever it was he had given his word and would have to uphold it."Do not worry Lord Black; you may even be glad of the condition," Jacob said and he explained the condition, and when it was announced Sirius was shocked into silence. It was not what he had expected and more than he feared. It was quickly voted on and the count was nine to three. Sirius had no way out it and was forced to agree. He wanted to leave that room as soon as possible, but he wasn't able to as they had to discuss Dumbledore's funeral and burial which had been proposed to be at Hogwarts.*******Authors Note******** BETA Reader4972Rate and Review 
