"Green!" She stated."Whoaaah, green?!" He gasped."Yes! Gree- een"!She slowly repeated." Fuck, no!" "I don't believe you!""Uh, mind your words, please!" She scolded."Uhm, yeah apologies, I got carried away!"" Green it is!""Like I said!""Uhm, er, which shade green?" He inquired."Slytherin..." She mumbled, and turning a particular shade of red."Come again?!"" Yes you heard it all right, Slytherin green!"" With silver trimmings and lace!"" Oh Merlin, you should fucking kill me right here!" " that is so fucking hot!"" Language!" She snapped." Well let us see then!""No!" Blushing some more." So you're bluffing and teasing then?" He smirked."No, no, bluff!" "But I'm not showing them!""Not in a crowd anyway!""So if we would find some place private, you would, you know, show them?""Uhm, maybe!"'Pfiew' whistling between his teeth."Who knew, prude Gryffindor Rose, wearing Slytherin green underwear!""Who says, I'm a prude?!" She relented."Well", he whispered in her ear, " I always thought you were a prude"!He carefully touched her shoulder with his finger.She sighed softly.He saw goosebumps arise on her arms.'Well what do you know, the ice queen reacted'She stared him in his eyes.He couldn't make quite tell if she liked him touching her or not, but he could give it a shot. He had nothing to loose.He dared her already and she still didn't slap him, so he could try some more.He stared back, the tiniest smirk on his mouth.Not too much, just a small one.He knew she liked that, he al ready established that much.He trailed her shoulder with his finger ever so slowly.She sighed some more, more goosebumps showing on her arms.'Ouch she liked that?!''Hot!' He mused to him self. He was definitely getting a reaction.They had been standing there for quite some time now. There was this party going on with a lot of noise coming from thedance floor.At first she stood there alone watching the party. She came in with her cousin Dom.That much Scorpius had noticed.He always noticed her.She was always the most enchanting being in a room.'Easily'.But then Dom hooked up with one of his team mates and Rose stood by her self against the far side of the club.He hated seeing her standing there alone.She always had this confident air around her.Unapproachable.Arrogant?!He knew she wasn't this stuck up bitch.But his team mates didn't know.Rose and Dom were invited by James, their cousin, who happened to be Scorpius team and flatmate.So he knew she was a shy but nice girl.She came by the flat every week and hung out with James, Dom and Scorpius.At Hogwart's she was a year below him, so they never hung out there.But even then he noticed, James' younger cousin.She had always been a stunning girl.Busy with her school projects and Quidditch.Scorpius had been Slytherin captain and James had been Gryffindor captain.Rose had been the very talented Gryffindor seeker.He used to watch and admire her flying abilities. But she was James younger cousin, 'so off limits'.'The beauty at the back of the club was al ready attracting too much attention, so he took two glasses of champagne and headed over to Rose."Hiya, princess!" "So Dom found someone?""Yeah, well you know how it is!" She answered.Not reacting to the princess part.He would always greet her that way."Thanks for bringing some champagne over!""Well, you looked absolutely parched!"She chuckled as his remarks. "Oh and you are the knight in shining armour?!""Well if you insist, I think I could be!" He winked.She laughed some more.Sounding like tingling bells in his ears."I needed to save you because all these sharks started to swim in circles around you!" " You know what that means, do you!?""They are ready to attack!" He made a motion with his body an teeth, mimicking a shark."Well I hardly need saving!" She blushed."Says who?"She was so shy about her looks, Scorpius never knew why, she was such a beauty.She had this tight fitting dark blue dress.Nice cleavage, not so thin straps, but still showing her nicely toned arms and beautiful shoulders. Her dress ended halfway her upper leg. Not to short and definitely not to long. Sheer stockings and nude high heels.She just looked smoking hot.Her long curls pinned to the side of her head revealing a long neck line. Minimal make up, but hey she needed none.They drank their champagne and started to talk animatedly. Scorpius felt the sharks in the room back off.She touched his chest and leaned in to him" So you and James! Underwear models?!""How did you two swing that one!"Her finger burned into Scorpius chest, her breath in his ear aroused him.'Rose' he groaned to himself. 'You're killing me here!' He had to pinch himself, before another part of his body reacted.He would counter her question with a funny smart remark, yup that would be best!'"Er, well you know, as we have such nice bodies, and girls love us!""They thought one blond and one black haired bloke would be perfect.""Oh, did they now!"He placed his hand on the wall next to to Rose her head and leaned into her ear and replied, "Why not?" "We are doing mankind a favour and getting paid an obscene lot of money as it does!""Oh and free underwear of course!""Of course, you do!" "So what colour?" She dared him."Colour?""Yes, what colour are you wearing?"she dared."Well, isn't that a bit intimate, don't ya think?""You are the one putting it out there!" Being in magazines and on posters!" Are you wearing Puddlemere colours?""Why, Rose, I didn't think you had such a dirty mind!"She kept staring in his eyes without blinking."Well!""Tell me yours first!""Why?" I'm not on posters or in magazines, I value my privacy, but you like to flaunt around your body, so girls are going to look at you different anyway!""Nope, I wanna know what colour you are wearing under your delicious dress!"'Oops, that wasn't meant to come out like that.'She stared back at him.Her green eyes piercing his grey ones.He involuntary started to trace his finger on her shoulder toward the strap of her dress. Ever so slowly. It was getting quite warm all of a sudden.Rose's breath hitched as he slowly pushed the strap of her dress aside."SCORPIUS!" "What do you think you're doing!""Uhm, well checking the colour of your bra strap!""You git!" "Ok, fine! Green!"...."So why didn't you slap me just now?"She leaned into his side and whispered,"Maybe, I wanted you to find out!"She pulled her head back and looked mischievously in his eyes.Scorpius smirked. A bit wider.Contemplating her answer.She saw his eyes darken into a mercury grey."Did you now!?" He was stunned.She bit her lower lip, and lazily nodded yes.Her eyes turning, could it be? Slytherin green.He tilted her head up and pressed his lips on hers.Closing the gap between them and nudging his leg between hers.His tongue slowly entering her mouth. She answered his tongue with hers.The taste of champagne still lingering and adding to the bubbly sensation.She saw the lust filling his eyes as he kept taking in her gaze.She rested her hand in his neck and pulled his head closer. Deepening the kiss.Heavenly. She closed her eyes. She couldn't think any more.Scorpius started to caress her toned arm. His other hand still resting on the wall behind her.He started to grind into her hip with his hip.'Ow, Merlin, he waited so long for this moment' It hurt.She tasted and smelt so nice it was electrifying. He had to break the kiss, this was a dance club after all and her cousin was somewhere on the premisses. It would become a scandal if he took it any further.He sucked her tongue again and broke the kiss.Resting his forehead against hers. His eyes piercing hers.They were breathing heavily. He felt her heart beat against his."Fuck" she whispered. "That needed to come out so badly"."Now, now, mind your language!" He smiled.The noise in the club overwhelmed their senses.She snaked her arms around his neck. He gripped her waist with his hands."Your place or mine?" She whispered in his ear."Yours!" He huskily replied.And with a crack, they aparated.Leaving a stunned James and Dom as they just made their way towards them.He smiled at Dom and gave her a high five.A/N: Should this be a one shot? Do you want Dom's an James'view. A follow up with Rose an Scorpius. Let me know.
