Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter.Chapter 1 The FighterThe teachers thought she was a problem child. Her family thought she was an ungrateful burden. The kids at school thought she was a lunatic. She herself thought she was a fighter.It all started when Piers Polkiss pushed her in the mud during a game of Slag Tag at recess. Dudley and his gang invented the game after they put their thick skulls together and figured out what the word 'slag' meant. They would chase her down, mostly to scare her than anything else, but sometimes they pushed her or pulled at her long dark red hair.But she wasn't taking it that day. She wasn't going to put up with Piers's cruel laughter or Dudley's taunting, "Mum's going to kill you when she sees all that mud!"And so, she decided to stop being chased into a corner and start fighting back. With a furious screech, she picked up the nearest rock and flung it at Piers's head, breaking the skin and drawing blood. The boy instantly started crying real tears for once as Dudley ran for a teacher. She growled at the teacher's authoritative, "Kimberly Potter!" but compiled when the teacher went on to say, "To the headmaster's office!"That night, she was locked in her cupboard, of course, but Kim didn't go in as easily as she normally did. She kicked and screamed and scratched and somehow managed to hit Uncle Vernon with a picture from across the hall. She was stuck in the cupboard for nearly a week during all her free time, but she considered that day a victory because Dudley and his friends never chased her again.Even though she decided from that day on that she wasn't going to be pushed around anymore, Kim never thought that the biggest fight of her life would be on Dudley's birthday.It was like any morning. The only thing that was different was that Aunt Petunia wouldn't stop cooing about how fast her baby boy was growing up. She squawked at Kim not to let the bacon burn while the young girl fantasized about shaving her aunt's head while she was sleeping. Yup. It was a normal day until the phone rang."Are you sure?" Aunt Petunia said with irritation that she was trying to cover up with concerned politeness. "She won't be that much of a bother. Vernon will talk to her."Kim glared at her, figuring that she was talking to Mrs. Figg. She was a nice old lady and all, but there were only so many cat pictures a girl could look at. "Talk? Oh, how refreshing."As expected, Aunt Petunia scowled, smacked her on the back of the head, and went on to talking on the phone as if nothing happened. "Alright. I hope you feel better soon, Mrs. Figg. Oh yes, I'll tell Dudley you said Happy Birthday."Kim rolled her eyes as she started setting up the breakfast plates. She wondered if Mrs. Figg even knew when her birthday was. "Trouble in paradise?" she asked sarcastically."Shut up!" Aunt Petunia hissed, tempted to hit her on the back of the head again. "I will not have you ruin Dudley's birthday. You'll sooner sit in the car all day.""I" Kim opened her mouth to argue but then thought better of it. "I would never." She gave her aunt her best charming, fake smile that she knew wasn't believed for a second. "But if I'm left in the carwell, people will stare. You could always leave me here."Aunt Petunia laughed bitterly. "And come home to the house in ruins? No. You will come with us. But if we here one peep out of you, you will wish you've never been born."Dudley, who came in at the beginning of Aunt Petunia's little rant, just figured out what his mother was talking about and froze in place. "She-she's coming with us?" His lip quivered with well-practiced acting. "She ruins everything! She poured milk on Gordon's head at lunch two weeks ago.""Then maybe he should think twice about stealing my juice!" Kim shrieked, flinching when Uncle Vernon put a hand on her shoulder and squeezed to silence her."What seemed to be the problem, Poppet?" Uncle Vernon asked his wife sweetly as his grip tightened on Kim's shoulder.Aunt Petunia glared at Kim as if she were vomit on the kitchen floor. "Mrs. Figg can't take her. She broke her leg."Uncle Vernon gritted his teeth, too busy fuming to see Kim and Dudley in a futile staring contest. Kim was grinning nastily at him while Dudley looked ready to punch her in the face. She did ruin everything, and until Dudley learned to respect her, she would keep doing it. Uncle Vernon's next words made her smile falter though. "I'll call Marge."Aunt Petunia sneered. "She hates the girl. And who could blame her?""The feeling's mutual," Kim informed her. "I'll be good. If you buy me a new dress on the way home."Uncle Vernon's face turned purple at the word 'new'. All her clothes, besides the underwear, were from second hand shops. And this was a recent development. Two years ago, she was wearing Dudley's old clothes until a teacher asked Aunt Petunia if the family was struggling financially. "You will be good, or you will see my belt tonight."Kim spun around and looked up at him. "That will be too little, too late, won't it, Uncle? Unless you want to leave me hereor in the car. Either way, I'm getting a new dress or something will get ruined. It can be your day, the house, or the seats in your new car."Uncle Vernon grabbed her arm and twisted it, making her cry out. But the strangest thing happened next. A glass pitcher on the counter shook, causing him to pale from dark purple into a sickly pink color. He let go and practically threw her to the floor."Go," he gasped out, staring that the pitcher as if it would explode, and the shards of glass would stab him. "Find your best outfit while we eat and Dudley opens his presents. And comb your hair!"Kim grinned triumphantly and wiggled her fingers at Dudley as she scurried off to her cupboard. "Always a pleasure to do business with you, Uncle Vernon!"Kim hummed happily on the car ride to the zoo, mostly because Piers thought she was insane, and she knew it would scare him. She had never been to the zoo, or anywhere cool really, and was excited. She had never any exotic animals outside of books."Will there be any wolves?" she asked curiously when they were about five minutes away. "I have dreams about a wolf all the time. But he's friendly. Sometimes I think he can talk, but he never says anything because he's shy."Uncle Vernon nearly slammed on the brakes. He hated questions or hearing anything about her actually. Half the time she spoke in hopes of giving him a heart attack. She thought that that might be the case when her turned around and glared at her, face so purple that it resembled a huge plum. "WOLVES DON'T TALK!" he screamed, making Piers and Dudley start laughing at her.Kim sighed as if she were dealing with a two year old. "I know."The rest of the day, well most of it, was much better. Whenever Uncle Vernon got ice cream or lunch or anything, Kim jumped to the cash register and ordered for herself. He couldn't cancel the order without getting funny looks. She even managed to get a stuffed elephant. She picked a bright pink one, so Dudley wouldn't steal it from her when she left it unguarded in the car.Sadly enough, everything went into the crapper in the reptile house. Dudley was bored with the sleepy python, so Kim hung around him, thinking she could use a few minutes without seeing Dudley's fat face. Her finger tips glided just over the glass, and she smiled. "Trust me. We're better off without him."The snake looked up as if he understood what she was saying and stuck his forked tongue out at her. "Of course. Why do you think I lay around all day? I get that all the time."Kim stared. Maybe Piers was right to think that she was insane. Still, no one had spoken to her unless absolutely necessary all day. "Me too. 'Cept Dudley pulls my hair because I don't have any glass for him to press his nose upon."The snake hissed in a way that sounded oddly like a chuckle. "Humans.""They aren't all that bad," Kim defended. "People bow to me all the time in public. It's weird, but I suppose it's nice. They don't bow to Dudley."Before the snake could answer, Piers had to ruin everything like he always did. "DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! LOOK AT THE SNAKE! IT'S TRYING TO EAT KIM THROUGH THE GLASS!"Kim whipped around and glared at him, but before she could start screaming at him, Dudley pushed her to the ground. He and Piers were practically slobbering all over the glass. The snake was her friend, not theirs! Kim scowled but forgot all her anger and blinked in confusion when the glass disappeared.The snake was gone in a flash as Dudley and Piers fell in and started screaming like little girls. He thought he was halfway to Brazil when Dudley and Piers rose and tried to escape, only to realize that the glass was back. Aunt Petunia was ready to faint as the zoo keepers declared the reptile house in a state of emergency.On the way home, Piers and Dudley were so excited and couldn't wait to tell all their friends. Kim was more disappointed that she definitely wasn't getting a dress after this because somehow, Uncle Vernon always managed to blame her when stuff like this happened. And of course, Piers made it worse.Right before his mum picked him up, Piers sneered at her and said loudly. "Kim was talking to it! Hissing and everything! Weren't you?""I was not!" Kim said hotly. She hadn't hissed once.Piers snickered just as his mum pulled up in her minivan. "Liar!"Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was gone to say a word to her. Dudley watched eagerly. "Cupboard. I'll deal with you in the morning."Kim tensed. It was barely dinner time. She hated the dark, cramped cupboard. Wishing she was at least half Uncle Vernon's size, she looked him dead in the eye and said, "No."Uncle Vernon stared and only broke from his stunned trance when he spilled brandy all over himself. "What did you just say?""I said no." Kim felt herself shake with fear, but she held her ground. If she could help it, she wasn't going into her cupboard until she had to sleep. She hated being locked up.Uncle Vernon rose from his chair in the parlor, reminding her that he could easily smash her head with his meaty fist. "I am going to give you one more chance, Kimberly. Go to your cupboard.""No." It took every ounce of her courage not to take a step back in fear. She shook her head, feeling her mouth run dry. "I will not."Snarling, Uncle Vernon charged at her grabbing her arm so she couldn't run away. Screaming, she yanked anyway, knowing she wasn't going to be able to break free as Uncle Vernon yelled in her ear. "We do everything for you! You would be on the streets if it wasn't for us!""Leave me alone!" she sobbed, twisting to facing him once more and hopefully kick him. Blindly, she punched him with her free arm, only to be slammed against the wall. She heard Aunt Petunia scream like the time a mouse found its way into the house. Kim opened her eyes to scream at Uncle Vernon some more, but froze when she saw what Aunt Petunia was screaming about.All the pictures, and even the coffee table, were floating by themselves in mid-air. She heard Dudley whimper in the background. "Mummy! What's happening?""Go to your room, Duddy, where it's safe!" Aunt Petunia cried. Kim wondered if he listened or not.Uncle Vernon, blissfully unaware of what was going on behind him, grabbed her jaw with his sausage-like fingers. "Listen here you worthless little"The coffee table hit Uncle Vernon on the head with a loud thud. He crumpled to the floor as Aunt Petunia screamed and fainted. Dudley must've ran up to his room.Kim had no idea whether the coffee table had killed him or not, but she wasn't about to stick around to find out. They could wake up at any second, and she would be in even more trouble. Being a ten, going on eleven, she didn't think about taking anything with her. She just ran to the nearest door and bolted, too afraid to look back.A/N: Thanks for reading! Please review.
