I hope you like the story :) I don't own Harry potter only Hokey and Olivia and her mother Villains' Bad Girl helped me with this story :) Olivia was walking down the steps and she saw the mail on the floor by the door. she picked it up and it was her letter from Hogwarts.Olivia just gotten her letter and she smiled. she went over to her best friends house to see Draco. she went in and saw Dobby. "Hey Dobby is Draco home?"He nodded nervously. "Dobby will fetch the young master for you. please sit", he said running off.Olivia did like Dobby and her house elf Hokey. Dobby did had it bad with Draco's dad. she sat down like he told her to do in the living room. she looked around and smiled.Dobby reappeared in front of Olivia. "young master is on his way", he said. "would you like anything?"Olivia looked down at him. " could I have some water, please?" she watched Dobby."of course" he snapped his fingers disappearing. Draco smiled as he walked into the room. "Olivia, what a surprise"she watched Dobby leave then looked at Draco and smiled some. she held up her letter. " did you get yours let?""of course", he smiled. "only natural that we get accepted. not only that, we'll be sorted into Slytherin"she looked at him. " well I know you will be. your family has been in there forever." she smiled some."you will be too", he said. "you and i have always been together so of course we'll be sorted into Slytherin together"she looked at him. " maybe- so when are you going to go get your stuff in Diagon Alley?""tomorrow. will you and your family be joining us?"" I think so. " she then looked down and saw Dobby with a glass ." thanks " she took it from him. Draco watched Olivia feeling nervous. ever since they were young, their parents had been planning on a wedding for the two of them. they had always said once they finished school, the two of them would be marriedshe drank some of the water and gave the glass back to Dobby " Thank you Dobby." she was nice to Dobby and her house elf too. she looked at him. " you ok Draco?""does this bother you at all?" he asked. "about our parents arranging a marriage between us?"" a little bit... but its a ways to go ... " she looked at Dobby. " what do you think about it?" she asked both of them."miss Olivia will be a good wife", Dobby smiled. "young master will be happy" Olivia smiled at dobby. she was only able to be nice to himwhenLucius Malfoy was away. she really didn't like him because he was rube to a lot of people. Narcissa was nice to some people. she was not like Lucius. Draco was following in his fathers footsteps because he thought it was right. she sighed and that. Draco was open with her about anything. she hoped it would stay the same."What do you expect will happen in our marriage?" Draco askedshe looked at him " that I don't know... " she sighed. " soon I have to go home and get ready..""Very well" he nodded" I will see you tomorrow though ok?" she looked at Dobby and patted his head and smiled. " Bye Dobby." she went home to her house. she walked in and put her letter on the table and went to the kitchen to her house elf " Hokey what's for dinner?""Master's favorite" she answered. "Young mistress enjoyed her visit to the Malfoys?"she smiled some " yea " she sighed " so mom is out again? it will just be you and me?" she sat at the table and looked at her. Hokey nodded taking her coat and taking it to the closet. The family's pet snake Nagini hissed as she sat in her cage. she went to the snake Nagini . she went to a other cage and got a rat for her and put it in the cage " there you go girl." she sighed. her grandfather gave them the snake to keep it save.thank you she hissed flicking her tongue, licking her fingersshe smiled and watched the snake. " I wish I could take you to school with me too... just like the Tiger."school? you're going to Hogwarts now? Nagini slithered, devouring the rat in the cage. she nods and picked up the kitten which was tiger. "yea I am scared though..."what's there to be scared about? nothing but mudbloods and pure bloods. you're better than all of themshe smiled some a little and looked at her. " that and I am promised to Draco... how should I feel about that? "the Malfoys are a respected family. your grandfather liked them for a reasonshe looked at the snake and puts Tiger with a sigh. " why did he make a deal with them? "he trusted them. the Malfoys are loyal to him. she hissed as she curled up in her cageshe sighed and looked at the snake " can you tell me about my grandfather?"he was the greatest sorcerer in the world. he set out to change the world until one wizard destroyed his powers and his bodyshe looked at her " do I look like him or have any of his powers?"you have the power to talk snakes. your grandfather had that. you also have his eyes" I do? " she kind of smiled a little and sighed. " will I ever get to know him?"someday he will come back once he's strong enough. she flicked her tongueshe looked at her " so he in trusted us to take care of you?"Nagini nodded and stretched to Olivia's necklace. it belonged to your great grandmothershe looked at her sliver necklace that was around her neck. " really?"your grandfather gave it to you not long after you were born she smiled and looked at it. she pets tiger then lets tiger to play and gets up and goes to the kitchen. "hokey can I help?""young mistress should relax. Hokey will handle it"she sat at the table an looked at her " ok.."Hokey smiled. she loved working for her. she was much nicer than the other wizard families would've been. Hokey set the food on the table for hershe smiled at her " smells good." she started to eat it. she stops then looked at her. " what some?""oh Hokey couldn't possibly. Hokey made it for young mistress""here" she puts some on a plate and gave it to her. " we can share. " she started to eat hers. when she was done she said night to Hokey and Nagini and picked up Tiger. she then went to bed.
