Lily EvansHis mouth was on hers and she could barely breathe, her hands were caught in his hair and he held her waist. Lily Evans was happier than she had ever been because she finally felt like she belonged. She belonged with him. But that wasn't for a while, she would have to be unhappy for a long time before she could ever have him; James Potter.The summer had changed Lily. She would not notice because the change had been gradual, her personality went from fiery to subdued. That was a reason for why she ended up with him. He changed, but so did she.Lily arrived at King's Cross station and while she felt the typical surge of happiness, it wasn't as bright. She didn't run to her friends or to the prefects compartment, she was head girl, but instead she watched. She watched wizards and witches saying goodbye to their children and making them promise to write. She watched how normal it was to them.She blinked to shake herself out of whatever mood this was, forgetting that this was what she had been like for the entire summer. Lily sighed and finally decided to go into the prefects compartment because as horrible as this mood was she still wanted to make it to Hogwarts.She passed many familiar faces, but didn't stop to say hello. She didn't want to and that was unfamiliar to her."Hello Lily," It was Remus Lupin who addressed her when she entered the prefects compartment."Hello." Normally she would have asked about his summer, but this time she didn't care."How was your summer?" The new voice belonged to James Potter, the boy whom Lily had hated for the past six years."Good." She replied and he looked taken aback, she had never been this decent to him. Lily sat down quietly next to Remus who glanced curiously at her. "Yours?" She added to fill the silence."Mine? It was great, Dumbledore made me head boy. He's really off his rocker. It's no surprise that you're head girl, though." James grinned at her, though he still looked apprehensive."Oh," Was what tumbled from her mouth. James seemed shocked, he had expected more of a reaction.The prefects filed in and Lily took a deep breath before explaining to them their duties and all the information they would need to know. James jumped in every now and again, but he wasn't very experienced and decided to leave most of the talking to Lily. Remus was watching her the entire time with a crease between his eyebrows. Her green eyes remained downcast for the whole speech and she stumbled over a few words without correcting them, it was very un-Lily-like.No one knew what had happened to Lily Evans over the summer, but it was a topic of gossip for most of the train ride. Lily began hearing things such as her nonexistent boyfriend had broken up with her and that she had decided to join Voldemort. The last one was particularly strange to her because she was a muggleborn and Voldemort's agenda was to, well, rid the world of people like her.Hogwarts was supposed to be home, but it rarely felt like one since Voldemort began his rise to power.Remus was next to her in the next instant and he was guiding her away from the harsh words of the other students. "Lily are you alright?""Why wouldn't I be?" She replied, careful not to lie to him."Lily you're acting different." Lily bit the inside of her lip and was saved from answering when Alice pushed past a group of second years to approach Lily."Lily!" Alice shouted. Avoiding Remus's piercing gaze, Lily turned to the approaching brunette. "I've missed you!" Alice wrapped her arms around Lily.After a long conversation with Alice where Lily tried her best to sound happy Alice finally retreated into her compartment. Lily watched her go, nervous of what Remus would say."I'm fine." She said to him and ran through the train. Her hands shook and she knew she was anything but fine. She felt sick and scared on top of the overwhelming sadness that cut through her like knives.Her red hair fell into her eyes as she found an empty compartment and allowed herself to cry once she charmed the doors to lock. She knew she should be making the most of her last year at Hogwarts, but it was so hard when she was an emotional wreck. After a while the train stopped and she pried herself from the seat. She knew what had to be done and she knew it would have to happen soon.
