A/N: Hello all. I have been toying with this story for a long time. It is set in the world of Harry Potter, after the war. There will be talks of self mutilation, depression, some mild violence and language, and rude humor. I hope you guys will enjoy it. Special thanks to WiseSilver for being my beta. Any comments or suggestions are welcome. Enjoy! ::. Chiseplushie**I do not own Harry PotterPrologueShe stared into the void. The machines hummed as the switches were flicked to the ON position. The girl groaned and tried to stir, but felt the weight of restraints and remembered that she was home. The table on where she lay was cold, and her pale skin rippled with goosebumps as she halfheartedly struggled to get free. She blinked her dull green eyes a few times as the lights came on abruptly. The room was tinged with green, then orange and yellow, and then the colors were righted as her vision came to. Her chest heaved as started hyperventilating. There was no escape. Panic overwhelmed her senses with every breath she took. She felt her body begin to sweat. A whimper escaped as tears rolled off her chin.There were glass shelves and cupboards along the walls. IV poles and digital equipment that monitored health. A few wheeled tables held gloves, cotton swabs, bandages, vials of medicines, pipes and pipettes, microscopes, needles of different sizes and a small refrigerator that she knew contained samples of her blood. Even her wand had its place in the sterile atmosphere."Now, now Lyra. Calm down. We're almost done here and you can go out and play." A woman came over to the girl and placed her hands and feet in the machine. These new restraints covered her hands and feet like casts, and were as large as they were bulky. They were only a part of what caused pain."It's going to be okay." She wiped my face with a tissue and the girl realized this woman was her mother. Her mother brushed the girl's strawberry blonde hair away from her sweaty face. Tears bloomed in Lyra's green eyes again. How long has it been? A few days? Weeks? Months?"You should be proud." Her mother continued. "Soon, other people will be able to use magic too. Lyra, you are a part of something that will go down in history.""You should be happy darling." My dad materialized beside my mom. Both were wearing long clean coats, and were putting on latex gloves now. Lyra could smell the sharp scent of antiseptic mixed with her own sweat in the air. "The success of this will make us celebrities in the scientific world. You will lead our family into this new age. Everyone would be magical." As if these thoughts could calm her. As if any of it could be true. As if the girl could bring herself to trust them again.Lyra was sniveling again as she waited and did not speak. She didn't fight these restraints now. There was no point. She wasn't strong enough, or big enough. She just laid there and wondered again for the billionth time, where her old parents went. The ones that used to love her and play with her. The ones that listened to her when she spoke. The ones Lyra knew before she turned 11, before she started to study magic. Before the pain.There were some magical episodes when Lyra was younger. But she was smart and strong. Lyra learned from what were at the time, accidents. She developed and learned to control her powers little by little. And when her Hogwarts letter came, Lyra didn't go. Her parents, pretended she would go. Would eventually go. She was removed from her muggle school, and rarely saw her friends.Her parents thought her accidents as a toddler were coincidence. They didn't understand that she had powers and the incidents were soon forgotten. They worked long hours, and she always looked forward to the weekends when they could play together. Then Lyra was a gift. Her parents went to work less and when she asked about it, they told her they were permitted to work at home. They built their laboratory in their basement. She showed her parents how she could make flowers grow. She made the breeze gently play with the leaves in the yard. It was harmless and the little girl craved her parent's encouragement. Lyra became her parents own science experiment. They would video tape Lyra and ask her to make objects fly through the air; they laughed together. With practice, Lyra could set a small log on fire in their fireplace by her touch. The real magic started happening when she got her first books and wand. She loved her parents and cherished their time together.They bought books from Diagon Alley, and Lyra learned from them at great speeds. She soaked everything up and thirsted for more. They kept buying more books and she kept learning as quickly as she could. They pushed harder magic on her. Lyra knew a lot about plants, about wand work, spells, charms, curses, and hexes. Lyra knew magic was complex, and she her skills were years ahead of her age. But even now at the age of thirteen, she didn't know her parents. She guessed she never did.Of course this contraption is relatively new. Only a few weeks old. And here she was, trapped again. She was a prisoner in her own home. Fear bubbled inside her. This demented machine, was supposed to take her magic from her. Suck it out of her so they could study it further. Harness it so they could profit from it. But the machine doesn't work, because no one knows how magic works. It cannot just be taken. Can it?Lyra felt her skin pinch as her father took a blood sample from her arm. She winced and when her eyes opened she saw that her parents moved from her side to the far end of the room. A panel of keys were spread in front of them and together the couple typed in commands. The table on which Lyra lay started to move, and the girl listened to the automatic groan of the machine. Lights blinded her as she entered a tube, and she could hear the static coming from the speakers from inside. Lyra faintly smelled electricity in the air. Almost like copper or gun powder. Tears no longer spilled, and she worked hard to control her pounding heart. She tried to take gulps of air and felt a tingling sensation bubbling in her chest that spread through her body. The low hum emitted by the machine grew louder as she shut her eyes."Okay darling. Experiment 'New Age,' starting on test number two-six-three. Begin initial test with new equipment, in 3...2...1." She heard one of her parents say through the speakers.Lyra screamed.
