Please let me know what you think so far and please positive criticism. :)It was a beautiful July morning. The birds were chirping and there was fresh dew on the ground. Hermione was sitting lounging outside reading Romeo and Juliet, when she felt a slight kick in her stomach. She placed her hand over her swollen belly and wished her circumstances were better. As Hermione was rubbing her belly she remembers why she is in this predicament.During the war she and Ginny Weasley were taken hostage by none other than Bellatrix Lestrange and some other fellow death eaters. Hermione and Ginny were thrown into a cell in what seemed like the basement, upstairs voices could be heard."I can't believe I caught the little mudblood bitch and her blood traitor friend, "exclaimed Bella"I am proud of you sister in law, but don't get too cocky. We still have to decide what to do with them," Lucious piped up."I want to teach that mudblood where her place is. She shouldn't think for a minute she is above us. My poor nephew has had to suffer enough being beneath her in school," Bella says looking at Draco."What do you suggest we do then Bella?" Lucious asks.Draco is standing over in the corner against the wall praying to any higher power that no harm comes to Hermione. He thinks backs to all those times he had bullied her and her friends. He wasn't going to allow his aunt or his father to hurt her."So what is the decision Bella?" Lucious probs."Let me have a little fun with the mudblood. I know just what to do with her." Bella says with a grin.Hermione and Ginny had been huddled together for warmth since they hadn't been given any blankets or fresh clothes since they had been down there."Hermione what do you think is going to happen to us?" Ginny looks up with fear in her eyes."I don't know, but I do know we are going to be saved. Someone is going to get us out of this." Hermione says bravely. Little did they know their questions would be answered soon? Bella went down first into the dungeons followed by Lucious and Draco."So little mudblood are you ready to learn your place?" Bella asked.Hermione spat at her and said, "And who is going to be the one to teach me? You ha. The woman that groveled at a man's feet for far too long."Bella yelled, "You insolent girl. That will cost you." Looking to Lucious she said, "Unlock the cell. I want to teach her what her place is."Lucious obliged and opened the cell. Bella reached in and grabbed Hermione by the hair. Ginny wouldn't let go and was being pulled along.Bella realizes that Ginny is holding on and screams, "Will someone please grab her and put her back in her cell?" Lucious moves forward and reaches for Ginny, when she latches onto his arm, and bites him. He pulls back his arm and hits her across the face. She cowers down and Lucious draws his wand and sends a cruciatus curse at her.Hermione looks at Lucious with begging eyes and pleads, "Leave her alone please. It is me that deserves to be tortured not her.""You would wish this upon yourself other than her? Wow I guess Gryffindors really are too brave for their own good. Bella hurry along please. I have this one under control."Bella continues dragging Hermione off to an abandoned room and throws her against the wall. Bella didn't realize though she was being followed. Draco was right behind his aunt the entire time. Outside the door he could hear Hermione screaming as spells were being thrown at her. Draco felt tears in his eyes wishing he could do anything to save her.After some time Bella had returned Hermione back to her cell with a new mark on her arm for all to see. It read mudblood in big bold letters on her right forearm. Lucious and some of his other fellow death eaters were sitting around talking amongst themselves when one of them piped up and said, " I wonder how she is in bed?""Who are you referring to McNair the mudblood or the weasley spawn?" Lucious inquired."The mudblood of course." McNair grins.Lucious was asking the men which one would like a go at her. Draco says to his father, "May I have her father and make her mine?"Lucious looks to his son, "Why would you want to tarnish yourself with her? You are to be married soon son. Don't you want to be giving yourself to your wife?"Draco had thought up a grand plan on how to make this work all he needed was to ask a favor from an old friend. "I would like to make her my mistress father. I don't think Pansy would mind if I kept her.""Well then son it seems you have this planned out. I will leave her to you. She is yours now and no one is to harm her." Lucious gave the other men in the room a stern glare meaning touch her and you die.Well with that being done Draco now had the chance to make his plan work. He went to his room and penned out a letter to Snape and Pansy.Dear Snape,I will be needing to ask if you had any pollyjuice potion lying around that I could have. Please don't ask why I need it. It is of the utmost urgency that I get it.Your Godson,DracoDear Pansy,I know this is going to be an odd request but I am going to have to ask you to befriend someone we both used to hate. Please don't yell at me or send me any howlers woman. All I am asking is for a favor.Your friend,Draco
