A/N: I know I've been away for a very long time, but I really want this to be my comeback. I'll be updating every week on Mondays for the foreseeable future (and hopefully until this is finished). This is going to mainly be a first person story from Draco's point of view STARTING CHAPTER THREE! So hold your horses.Yes, this is another Dramione.For those of you wondering about When the Stranger's Gone, it is officially on hiatus. After I'm finished writing this I am going to go back and rewrite When a Stranger Calls before I get on finishing up the sequel. I just really needed a break from that story and it just needs too much work.I really hope you enjoy!The Last Cell on the LeftBy: Murtagh799Rating: T for Adult ThemesPROLOGUE: WHEN THE DARKNESS BEGAN July 5th, 2002:There was a clock ticking somewhere behind him, counting out the seconds until he was sentenced to doom or an eternity of purgatory. He wasn't entirely sure which he had signed up for yet. He would have to wait and see. It didn't matter, though, either way. He didn't care. He had resigned himself to this the second he had figured out that doing this, signing away his nonexistent freedom, meant that she could live happily.Without him, yes, but safe and sound and happily. Even now, the thought of her bolstered his resolve, made him feel like anything was worth it if she would be alright. Thinking of her perfect face, her softness, the way she felt in his arms It had all been worth it. And this, this small sacrifice, it was nothing compared to all that she had given him over the past few months. She was everything. She had reminded him that he was human too and that it was alright to breathe in this world.But if Draco Malfoy had learned one thing, it was that Hermione Granger was everything and that he, a lowly ex Death Eater was never going to be more than a second class citizen, anyway. Granger might not have been an evil person, but it didn't change anything. Draco was always meant to end up here and he knew it. That was why this was all okay with him. He deserved this. He deserved everything that came along with his family name. It was all the better if he could just help her in at least one way, to pay her back for everything she had done for him.It was the only thing he could do for her now. Staying with her would've only ruined her life, Weasley had made sure of that. Leaving her and starting over with someone else would've killed him. ThisThis was the only way. He would never see her again, yes, but she would be happy. Weasley had made sure of this too.And he well, he was just going to breathe like she'd taught him to. Breathe in a prison cage.He tried unsuccessfully to not think of her, then, knowing that the rest of his life was meant to be without her. But he failed like he'd failed everything else in his life. He couldn't forget the tears in her eyes as he'd said goodbye to her for the very last time. Her big brown caramel eyes, her small frame, and her birdlike features She had always been so beautiful. She would always be so beautiful to him. He'd never forget her.He couldn't forget her even if he tried.He shifted in the uncomfortable seat, the manacles binding his wrists clanging loudly, causing the magical chains binding him to the chair to grip him even tighter, cutting into his skin. It was nothing new, though. He'd been here before. It was almost more familiar to him than the scent that lingered on Hermione's skin."You're doing the right thing," Weasley said to him. Perhaps the sound of the chains had brought him back to the office, the office of the keeper of Azkaban. "She's going to have a long and happy life."Draco didn't bother looking up, didn't even acknowledge him. But he knew it was true. Ron Weasley loved Hermione Granger, probably as much as Draco loved her himself. If anyone could give her a happy life, it was going to be the bastard Weasley. He had money where Draco no longer had anything attached to his name but scorn. Weasley was a war hero. Draco was nothing but an Ex Death Eater and a second class citizen. Draco could only give her misery. Weasley had everything. Weasley was going to give her everything now that Draco was out of the picture.Draco could see it.Weasley cut his chains from the chair and handed them to the wispy old man that Draco knew was being paid to keep this transaction from the papers. Weasley had promised to keep all of this under wraps so none of this would get back to her. So that she would think he had just left her be. Think that he had never wanted her to begin withThe thought of it made him sick.But it was all just as well. A life for a life. Well, Draco thought, a life for two lives. Weasley had released his father from Azkaban and restored all of the Malfoy estates to him. All in exchange for Draco to be removed from the equation, away from the embrace of Hermione Granger  soon to be Weasley. Lucius had begged him to not do this. To not give into the pressure. To just weather it through. To let the father live out his time in prison and pay for all his sins. Let the son roam free, free and destitute.Not that any of that mattered to Draco. He hadn't done it for his father, no matter what Weasley thought. It was all for her. Everything he'd done since he'd laid eyes upon her on that fateful day, it had all been for her.He just hoped she would remember it. Remember him. He knew she would haunt him for the rest of his life.Weasley nodded to him, maybe a little bit smugly, before leaving through the double doors. His Auror status let him pass through easily and the doors magically slammed shut behind him. Draco stared for a long moment before allowing the old man to pull him along. Two guards trailed behind him, probably to make sure that he didn't escape. Draco didn't have the heart to tell them that there was no escaping, not for him. For he had come here willingly. He had done this to protect the one person he had ever loved in his short, pathetic life.They walked through many corridors of cells. Some of the prisoners looked at him curiously. Most hardly noticed the group passing. Some screamed. Draco didn't say a word; neither did any of the prison guards or the keeper of Azkaban.When they finally stopped, it was before a huge iron cast door, which the old man had to physically unlock from a key hanging from a large ring. And Draco instinctively knew that they never meant to let him go, despite what Weasley had said to get him to agree to this. Looking at the prison keeper, whose name Draco did not know, Draco could tell this was the case from just the set of his shoulders. The determination to keep another Death Eater off the streets.But there was no panic in him. There was nowhere else for him to go, even if they had released him once Ronald Weasley married Hermione Granger. If he couldn't have her, he didn't want anything else. He might as well rot away in Azkaban until he was dead.He'd rather be dead.It only made him that much stronger when they led him down a row of abandoned cells, pushing him into the last cell on the left and locking the door behind him, effectively caging him in. But Draco paid them no mind. He simply sat on the dingy little cot in the corner and stared at the smooth stone wall, thinking of the one person he wished he could hold onto for the rest of his life.But it wasn't meant to be. None of it was ever meant to be. So, Draco Malfoy sighed and lay back, preparing himself for an eternity of silence that was sure to follow.It wasn't until much later, hours perhaps, that he got up and engraved a little tally in the wall, marking his first day as a prisoner of Azkaban. All the way in the depths of the prison, imprisoned in the last cell on the left.A/N: So what did you think? I really hope you enjoyed it! The next two chapters are from the point of view of a Daily Prophet Reporter (an original character). The rest of the story is going to be from Draco's point of view. See you next week! Please don't forget to review. In the meanwhile, here is an excerpt from the next chapter: "I want to write an investigative story on the whereabouts of Draco Malfoy." "How will you proceed?" he asked after an unusually long silence. "No one has heard from Draco Malfoy in over twenty years."
