HI! This is my first update; enjoy guys!Disclaimer: I never will own Harry Potter. *sobs*Updated as of 12th August 2014."I want to be a comma, not a full stop." - Every Teardrop's A Waterfall by ColdplayPrologue: My Name Is SeleneMy name is Selene.My surname doesn't matter, not at the moment anyway. If I told you, your smile would turn into a frown and you'd be gone before I could even mention my actual opinions and values. They way people look at me in the street, equal measures of reverence and disgust; it has made me someone I'm not altogether proud with. I have friends, sure, but love has always avoided me.I see loving families almost every day, and the way the parents smile at their kids almost breaks my heart. Because I can never have that. Not when your parents are too wrapped up in themselves to see how much they hurt their kids. As sad as it is, that is my life.Wake up. Eat a low-calorie breakfast, as after all Pure-blood women must be stuck thin. Go to the library. Stay there until lunch. If I'm lucky, my father might give me the opportunity to leave the house. If not, homework. Then maybe write to the friends my parents allow me to contact over the summers. Sleep.I could live with it, if the same treatment wasn't extended to my brother. There is a degree of responsibility with younger sibling, and I would take the weight of the world for my brother. We are like chalk and cheese, he's snarky and I'm shy, but that doesn't mean I love him any less.Love is not something I expect. My friends continue to surprise me with it however. Their parents are so reluctant to begin with, but they don't say out loud. If I wasn't so good at reading their eyes, then I wouldn't know. And they warm up, and now many of them seem more like family to me than my own parents ever have.Right now, I am sitting on my bed, my four-poster bed, in my massive bedroom in my massive house. Again, it doesn't matter where; if you're like me then you have already pieced two and two together and are now in the process of tearing this to shreds. If you're not like me, then I must apologise for the obscene amount of references I have undoubtedly made to things you will not understand. Sorry.But, as I have said, that doesn't matter to me. If I made myself feel worse over everyone who hates me, then I'd go mad. It's best to stick to the things that make me look ahead, my brother and my schoolwork.But something feels like change. The electric feel of the atmosphere I am sitting in, the humid tones of the air, it all hints to something I can't quite place my finger on. Every time I try to name it, it slips through my fingers.Again, it's best if I ignore it.So, I do.That was my first mistake.
