AN: Letters from Ginny begin with Dearest Fred, and letters written by Ron start with Dear Fred.XXDearest Fred,Don't worry I checked. This book doesn't answer me back, I got it from a Muggle book store, I even let Hermione check it, it's normal. The ink doesn't sink into the page, I'm not bearing my soul to a part of You-Know-Who.I know you would think this was ridiculous, I knew that you wouldn't do this but I need to, I need to pretend that you are still here, not here here, but here. Here to listen like you used to, here to give me crazy advice, here to curse anyone who would hurt me, here to mock me, here to beat me at chess or any game we play. We miss you, I know that we all miss you, and I know that none of us miss you as much as George does.George looked for you, he went back to Hogwarts and searched the castle for hours, he looked absolutely everywhere, he checked the corridors, the cupboards, the secret passages, everything. He didn't find you anyway, and I think part of him is glad he didn't find you, he's glad you moved on but we both know that part of him wishes you didn't, he isn't ready to live in a world without you in it, none of us are and I doubt that they will really change.I was going to write letters to you, letters that I would never send, but I thought this was a better idea, at least with a diary I have some illusion that I am not utterly insane. At least I can just write in this diary like most girls my age, who write about their feelings, their friends and their crushes, obviously this isnt about that. This is a desperate attempt to delude myself into thinking that I can still talk to you, you've been dead for two weeks, two weeks without you is two weeks too long.I will never get used to you not being here, not alive. I stand by your grave and except you to jump out from behind a tree laughing, saying this is some big huge joke, it's not I know, but I wish this was just another prank of yours, an evil one, but I will forgive you I promise.The others miss you, we all do. Mum is always crying, she cries at night, all night, and she cries all day. I think she doesn't think we notice, but it's impossible not to, and none of us can cheer her up because we can't even cheer ourselves up.Where are you Fred?We need you and you aren't here.Tonks and Lupin are dead, and so are you.How is that fair Fred? Where the bloody hell are you now?With love,Ginny.XXAN: Please spend a few seconds writing a review to let me know what you think. Will be updating almost daily since each chapter is so short.
