London, England. Ministry of Magic. Eighth Century.Wulfric Dumbledore glared at the wizards before him over is moon shaped glasses. They glared right back at him. He cleared his throat."Good evening. I presume you all understand why you are here?"John Creevey's eyes darkened, "No, I do not! We did nothing-""Yes, sir, we do." Alice Wood interrupted.Dumbledore nodded, "Good. You should pay more attention to Miss Wood, Mr. Creevey. She clearly has more sense than you do. Now, the lot of you have many serious charges pressed against. To begin with, Mr. Creevey, you have caused Angelina Potter to suffer severe damage thanks to the Cruciatus Curse you used on her. She is a respected employee of the Ministry and now she might not be able to return to to work! I am going to lose a valuable assets of this organization!""You don't even care about her!" Creevey yelled, "You'll just replace her with another witch who will blindly follow you around! All you want is followers! You don't care about her well being or any one else's! All you care about is how this is going to affect your stupid Ministry and-""Silence!"Dumbledore stood up and pointed his wand at the group of Wizards."You better learn to control what comes out of your mouth Creevey. I will not hesitate to use force not only on you, but each and every one of you."Creevey glowered and looked away."Now, to continue with the charges. Mr. Weasley..."What seemed like hours later, Dumbledore finally finished reading off everyone's charges."You lot have been convicted of much, it'll be a miracle if you make it out of here alive." he said.Behind him, various witches and wizards talked in quiet voices. Dumbledore turned to face them."This is unbelievable!" Creevey hissed, "We're getting punished and for what? Informing people of what we were trying to do? What we created, we could help not only the Wizarding World, but the Muggle World as well!""John, that's enough." Richard Flint sighed, "We're trapped. There are more of them than there are us. We're done.""No we're not! We could still-""Stop it! Dumbledore was right. We'll be lucky to get out of here alive." Naomi Abbott said."Listen to all of you! You're all just giving up? We started something great together! You used to be so enthusiastic!""Yeah, that was before our lives were on the line! I'm scared, John! You know this! I have a wife and baby that I may never see again!" Gregory Longbottom said, "So if I'm a little less than enthusiastic I'm sorry! I'd like to see my child grow up!"Creevey shook his head, "Cowards. Weak. Pathetic.""I hope you're not generalizing too much, mate." Marianne Finch smiled, "I'm still right behind you. So's Adam. He's still dazed from all the curses he was hit by, but you know if he could he would've been more angry than you."Creevey smiled, "Anyone else still behind me?""Probably Smith. But he's still at St. Mungo's."Before Creevey could say something else, Dumbledore cleared his throat."Sorry to interrupt, but I think you would like to know whether or not you live."Everyone stared at him. He smirked."Alright, the Ministry has decided that we will spare your lives. However, we have also decided that some of you are more of a threat than others. Creevey, Finch, Fletchley, and Smith. You have been charged not only with direct assault on Ministry officials, but with your proactive agenda to spread the word of your illegal magic. Therefore, we have decreed that you four and your families will be in confinement with Ministry.""Our whole families? They weren't even there during the confrontation!" Creevey yelled."We also fear that your dark tendencies threaten the stability of the entire Wizarding World. You will be forced to procreate with muggles until we see it fit that all traces of magic are out of your blood line.""What! That's barbaric! My future children have to come from some muggle I don't even know!" Finch yelled.Dumbledore cleared his throat again, "Weasley, Wood, Abbott, Bones, Longbottom, Mclaggen, Lovegood, and Macmillan. You are all sentenced to five years in Azkaban. Since you come from Light families, you will be spared procreating with muggles, but will undergo treatments to defect you from dark tendencies. With the help of us and your families, I'm certain you will be cured of this darkness that has corrupted you.""Thank you, sir." Aimee Bones said with a sigh of relief."And finally, Flint, Montague, Pucey, Higgs, Bole, Bletchley, and Warrington. The seven of you will serve ten years in Azkaban. Following that you will be exiled from the Wizarding World in London.""Why can't we undergo the treatment? Our families are just as light as the others." James Bole asked."Because we feel that the darkness inside of you is too strong. Our treatments would never work. You must be exiled in order to protect not only the wizards, but the muggles that live here. Now, as you stand before me, Aurors are raiding your houses for the grimoires. We are going to destroy them so that no one can discover this darkness. We will be a Wizarding World full of light, hope, and innocence."Dumbledore watched as Aurors escorted angry and exhausted wizards out of the courtroom. He sat down in a chair and looked to a young witch."When the other Aurors return with the grimoires, inform them that they are to destroy them and leave no trace."She made a note on her parchment."After tonight, it will be as if this never happened."
