The family bobbed towards the station, the midmorning sun glistening of of the slick metal train cars. The air was thick with black exhaust and crisp white breath as pedestrians bustled to their platforms. Sharp high whistles filled the air as passengers waved and smiled, desperate to be seen through the chilly autumn air. The boy's arms were piled high with books tilting precariously as he stumbled through the crow. But if anyone in the station had bothered to look at the titles of the novels perched in his arms, they would likely have dropped their bags. In fact if they got over the very odd schoolbooks they may have looked over to the trolley being groggily shoved along by a slim white-haired man who was obviously the boys father, and noticed the tawny owl and stately broom poking out the edges. And then they may have peered at the childs ostentatious mother, who was garbed in a regal black cloak. In fact if this passerby were startled by these oddities they might have peered around and noticed there were an awful lot of strange looking people drifting around kings cross."Scorpius stop jumping, it's unseemly." Scorpius winced at the sound of his name."Yes father," he mumbled with false sweetness. His mother scowled, Scopus let out his anger with a well aimed kick at a loose cobblestone. He glanced at his parents nervously, they were busy muttering. Scorpius caught "disgraceful muggles" and "blood traitors". He glanced away, his big brown eyes slightly hurt. He didn't agree with his parents views, but anyone who saw him in that moment would have know how deeply he wanted to. Sometimes Scorpius wished he was just a normal 11 year old, not infamous for something he never did, not shunned at a mention of his last name, not cursed to try to blend in with a family he didn't belong in. He sighed, that was never going to happen and there was no sense dwelling on it. But oh how much he sometimes wished he could just fit in.The autumn air was crisp as they approached platforms nine and ten. They strode towards the barrier that separated the two, making no attempt to be nonchalant. Well Scorpius tried a bit, but his heart wasn't really in it as he kept having to glance sideways at his parents to make sure they weren't looking. The barrier was very close now, and Scorpius had to admit it looked awfully solid to him. He winced as he glanced at the heavyset grey stone, and then again at his failed attempt to make the first wince into a cough.His mother gave him a wavering glance but desided to let it pass with a soft hiss which Scorpius ignored. His father pushed the trolley into his hands, badly shaking now, and gave him an awkward sort of shove. Better just get it over with he thought wearily and with that he squeezed his eyes shut and barreled through the barrier.He automatically waited for the crash, but it never came. There was a sensation like water trickling down his back and the hoots of owls and smell of sweets replaced the muggy station. Scorpius opened his eyes and whooped with adrenaline punching the air with his fist. Unfortunately, his mother chose the same moment to glide through the platform."SCORPIUS HYPERION MALFOY," He shook his head, what had his parents been thinking with that name."WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING!" Urgh. His parents had some sort of complex about open emotion. Scorpius stared longingly at the scarlet steam engine, glittering through the crowd of men and women, all dawning cloaks and tearful expressions. Just a few more minutes and he'd be golden, WHY did he have to provoke his mother when he was moments away from paradise. He turned to her and mumbled,"Sorry," She opened her mouth to continue, but at that moment Draco Malfoy came strutting onto the platform, an evil smirk plastered on his face, Scorpius had never been happier to see his father.Suddenly, Scorpius felt a prickle up his spine. It was a sadly familiar feeling, someone was watching him. When he turned however, prepared for whatever insult or gesture was coming his way, he was startled to see it was only a tall man with ruffled raven hair and large round glasses. His hand was pressed on the shoulder of a small boy who resembled him as much as Scorpius did Draco, right down to the piercing green eyes.Draco turned and noticed the man. He gave a sort of grunt that only Scorpius heard and noded in the man's direction. Scorpius felt an odd warm sensation on his shoulder and was startled to see his fathers pale hand resting there. He stepped away automatically, but the dark haired man had already turned to a short women with vivid red hair clutching a small girls hand."Potter," Draco muttered in his usual drawling voice. Of course Scorpius thought, tempted to slap his palm to his forehead. Harry Potter. He knew about Harry Potter of course, the man who saved the wizarding world. Draco, when he'd had a few shots of firewhisky, would drone on about famous Potter, and never, Scorpius thought sadly, in a very positive light.Scorpius wanted a better look at the Potter's but before he could crane his neck around the bushy afro of a woman who'd stepped in front of him, the train whistle sounded.Draco stiffened, Scorpius' mother gave an odd sort of nod. Really Scorpius thought bitterly, what could you say after 11 years of solid misunderstanding. No matter how hard he tried, Scorpius knew he would never be like his parents, and they would never really know what went through his head. He just hoped they never had to.
