Warnings: Sexual situations, profanity, child abuse / neglect, forced cross-dressing of a minor, slight pedophilic relationship, threesome relationship, homosexual relationships, m-preg, slight brainwashing, and OOC-ness.If any of the above don't appeal, please don't read and flame.Pairings: Severus Snape / Lucius Malfoy / Orion Potter (OC), Orion Potter / Voldemort / Sirius Black (fathers and son)"Orion" = SpeechOrion = ThoughtsOrion! = EmphasisOrion = ParseltongueDisclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or its characters, I own only the plot and the original characters I introduce in Light Hearts. All information on magical creatures comes from various online websites and my old mythology books. All mistakes are mine since I have no beta.A/N: This fic begins when Orion and Harry are five years old. Harry is definitely OOC and others most likely will be as well. This is only my first fan fiction, so please be fair in criticism, though I'll gladly accept what you all review to me. This may be a one shot unless interest is shown, and I know it's short, but it is only one chapter. They would / will get longer.Severus Snape stalked his way to the Muggles, the Dursley's house, to come for the spawn of his childhood enemy and the woman he loves. Harry James Potter. The very name made him shudder in disgust. The Dark Lord had ordered the capture of the child once he heard the prophecy, and as his right hand man, Severus of course had the honor of stealing him away. He shook out his hair and rapped smartly on the front door. His keen ears heard the sound of little footsteps hurrying toward the door, and seconds later it opened.A tiny little girl stood before him, her hands and face grubby and covered in a black dust he reasoned to be ashes from a fireplace. Her pale blue, frilly dress was way too big for her, sliding off of her pale shoulders, and her feet were bare and burned horribly. She looked up at him with huge golden eyes nearly hidden by long, greasy longs of a once-beautiful deep brown.W-what? This isn't right.. He scowled, eyes narrowed suspiciously. "Who are you, girl? Are you Petunia's child?""I-I'm R-Rose, s-sir" She stammered, voice scratchy like it hadn't been used in quite a long while. "M-my u-uncle isn't h-here right n-now, b-but my a-aunt-" The child was cut off when Petunia Dursley shoved her aside and glared at Severus."Get off my doorstep, you freak of nature!" She shrieked. She straightened up. "No one in this house is your business, so leave now!"Severus only sneered. "Do shut the fuck up, Dursley. As usual, you're butting in where nobody wants you." He said dismissively. He stunned her before stepping inside and shutting the door. He searched the house and found two empty boys' rooms upstairs, a master, but no girl. He frowned and went back downstairs. He then heard a tiny whimper coming from the cupboard under the stairs. "Alohomora!" The door's internal locks disengaged and he swung the door open, then almost lost his cold mask in surprise of what he found.Rose was sitting on a stained and thin mattress shoved in the corner, surrounded by cleaning supplies, dried blood, and various other sticky-looking liquids he didn't ever want to try and figure out the origin of. He hid his disgust when she let out a terrified cry, and knelt next to her. "Rose, come here. Now, if you will." His tone was mostly cold, leaving no room for argument. She quickly scurried to him, trembling horribly. He grabbed her arm without another word and Disapparated with her to Slytherin Manor, where the Dark Lord was currently presiding. Severus could only pray that he would accept this mysterious girl in place of Potter.
