A/N: Welcome! This is a spin-off from my Sleeping Beauty series. For anyone who wants to read this story without reading the ones preceding it, I'll give you a short description. Draco and Hermione have a daughter named Cissy. She almost died at the age of four, but someone saved her. This person was Harry Potter. He died at the Battle of Hogwarts, before Draco and Hermione had even fallen for each other, and his spirit ended up saving Cissy from a hellish purgatory referred to as "The Abyss" and since then, she has grown into a young woman with a deep, deep connection to this Harry Potter, whom she hardly knows but at the same time...knows so well. Their bond is through music and through a Golden Snitch he gave to her whilst in purgatory. I hope that makes sense lol. For more insight, read the epilogue of Sleeping Beauty II: Taken. Enjoy! The bass drum pounded through her body liked blood through her veins. It was that time already, the time she had craved all night. Her friends called it ecstasy, but she called it something else. There was only one place that could compare, only one place that made her feel so feverish, so terrified and so full of passion. She closed her eyes and envisioned this place  the dark, ominous sky and the earth as it pulsated beneath her feet.The lightness in her chest took over, branching out from the roots of her hair to the tips of her toes. She was ethereal. She didn't exist in this world, on this dance floor, with these people. She had crossed over to no man's land, to a place she had both feared and fancied for the past twelve years.The music took her there."Cissy," someone whispered. "Cissy, open your eyes"She heard a voice. It was familiar. It was faint, in the back of her mind, like the morning sun washing over her unconscious body, as she lay draped across her four-post bed. She reached out, attempting to distinguish this feeling from the feelings around her  from the moving bodies and the drum in her chest."Cissy!"The voice was louder now. It was spoken with urgency as opposed to the elusive, intangible voice from her dreams."Cissy, come on! Your parents!"Something struck her chest. Something deep and dreadful. It rushed over her like a stampede, knocking the wind out of her lungs as her eyes shot open. She had fallen from her place in the clouds, from the sounds, feelings and images in her mind. She was back on a crowded dance floor with chewing gum stuck to the bottom of her combat boots and smudged mascara.Panic."Come on! We have to go!" shouted the young man in front her  her best friend and co-worker from the record store. "Your parents got home three hours ago!"Cissy slapped both hands over her skull, suddenly aware of the pulsing ache laced within her temples. "What's happening?" she groaned, stumbling with him from the dance floor to the exit, and slamming into random strangers along the way.The music slowly died out, as they left Euphoria. It was a wizarding nightclub located in the heart of London. Most times, Cissy wouldn't be caught dead in such a place, as it was known for playing the same garbage on the radios. But that night was different. It was a friend's birthday, and she couldn't just sit at home and read a book like she did the other six times her friends went out. Plus, a cute boy from the record store was deejaying, and his tunes far surpassed her expectations.But there was one looming problem  two, actually."Your parents have been ringing me for the past three hours," Finn explained, her best friend and co-worker, and in that moment, her saviour.Finn was Muggle-born and because of that, carried a mobile phone with him at all times. She used to have her own, but it made an unfortunate tumble into the toilet whilst she was brushing her teeth a couple weeks back, thereby destroying it  but that, of course, was a total accident. It had nothing to do with her constant, yet constantly unsuccessful attempts at evading her parents' controlling, overprotective nature."You, my friend, are in heapsof trouble," he furthered, flagging a cab.Cissy grimaced. "I can feel it coming. Another three hour lecture about behaving responsibly and acting with class as opposed to sass. Just what I need after such a shit week."The pair of them filed into a cab, as it smoothed to stop at the curb of Euphoria. "Better than what my mum used to do to me back in Melbourne. So glad I don't live at home anymore," Finn regaled. "I remember this one time she found a bong in my book bag and as punishment, she made me mow everyone's lawn in our neighbourhood for a fucking month. It was the middle of summer, too.""Number twelve, Grimmauld Place," Cissy told the cabbie, resting her head against the window.Finn tossed her a quizzical look. "You don't want to go directly home?""I can't go there like this," she motioned, waving a hand over her tight black dress and torn nylons. "I smell like vodka."The middle-aged cabbie stared at them through the rear-view mirror and choked on his laugh, either amused or disgusted. Probably both. It must have looked even worse, seeing as Euphoria was glamoured to look like a run-down VHS store in order to keep the Muggles away."Grimmauld Place it is," Finn agreed, rummaging through the pockets in his leather jacket for what appeared to be breath-mints. "Here  this should help."Cissy hurriedly took four, popping all of them in her mouth in one go. "Fanks," she mumbled.The vehicle whizzed from Euphoria to the opposite end of town, taking the sixteen and nineteen-year-old-with it."Do you think they'll ground you?" asked Finn."I've no idea," answered the blonde, running both hands through her hair in order to comb out the tangles. It was all stuck together thanks to a drunken chav and his loose grip on a pint of Guinness. "I just  I have to think of something believable. I told them I would be out with you for a film and some chips"Finn snorted with laughter. "That sounds believable.""Shut up."A gradual silence fell over the conversation, allowing Cissy the time and headspace needed to form some sort of explanation for her whereabouts. Her parents were old, but they weren't old enough to be fooled by the same excuses her friends from Hogwarts used with theirs. To her knowledge, her parents were quite young when they had her  about nineteen. This meant they were always the youngest of all the older folk at King's Cross at the start of term, and they were definitely difficult to fool.The cab made its last turn and reached Grimmauld Place. It was a tall brick structure located in a Muggle neighbourhood, and used to be the headquarters for the famed Order of the Phoenix. Ron Weasley had since bought and refurbished the place in order to live out his transformation, but he only used it during full moons. This provided his goddaughter and her friends with a perfect place to rejuvenate and clean up, before heading home."Thanks a bunch," Finn told the cabbie, handing him a wad of crumpled cash with a tip that was probably too high. But that was typical Finn.The young wizard had worked tons of odd jobs over the years, having left home at fifteen, and did what he could to give extra whenever possible. It was one of his stand-out qualities, and a huge reason Draco and Hermione decided he was good enough to be friends with their precious daughter.Their friendship was a strange, but strong one."All right," Cissy breathed, unveiling Number Twelve and entering through the front door. "I need to find my things."Finn closed the door behind them and locked it with a spell, before climbing up the stairs and scanning the lounge area. It had been cleared out to make room for the werewolf owner, which meant no furniture and hardly any hiding places for booze and the occasional blunt, but there was one place.The pair of them moved closer to the fireplace and kicked open one of the loose floorboards, where a small bag of clothes and necessary toiletries remained hidden. Cissy knelt down and opened the bag, halfway through stripping off her dress and into a pair of jeans and a cardigan, by the time Finn joined her. It wasn't a big deal changing in front of him. By then, she had done it hundreds of times. He wasn't exactly interested in women, anyway."Don't forget this," he urged, handing her some body spray. "You really do smell like vodka."Cissy ignored his jest and sprayed about a quarter of the bottle on herself, until the entire lounge was left smelling like vanilla. "Right  how do I look?" she asked, rising from the scratched flooring.Finn rose with her and tapped a finger on his chin, tilting his head to the side as he scanned her from the bottom up. "Your hair is still a bit wonky, but that's just genetics, isn't it?""I'm being serious," she whined."Fine, fine," he laughed. "You look fine. Your parents will be none the wiser."Cissy scrunched her mouth to the side. "You sure?""Well  no, they're not idiots.""Thanks for your vote of confidence," she frowned, turning to the fireplace. "This would be so much easier if I hadn't asked them about Euphoria last week."Finn nodded along. "Rookie mistake. Never ask for permission. It only provokes them into thinking you'll disobey their wishes later on.""Which I did," she reasoned, grabbing some Floo Powder from the container atop the mantel, before turning to face her best friend. "Wish me luck.""Oh, you'll need more than luck this time around," he winked, giving her a salute. "It was nice knowing you, Narcissa Malfoy."There was a twitch along Cissy's bottom lip. She hated her given name. It was touching that she'd been named after grandmother, but something about that named sounded sosevere. She sometimes wondered if the rumours were true, and if her paternal grandparents truly had been nightmares. Her parents  namely her mother  dispelled these rumours and assured her Narcissa Sr. and Lucius were good, honest people, but Cissy had known her mum long enough to know when she was lying.To her misfortune, that intuition ran both ways.She closed her eyes and released the Floo Powder, announcing her home address as though it were her final destination, and sucked in a sharp breath as her body was engulfed in green flames.It was on rare occasion that Draco Malfoy was truly cross with his daughter. As a loving father, his natural instincts told him to protect her and understand her, but recent developments made that quite difficult. She had always been quite different from her parents  sorted into Ravenclaw and showing talents in the arts  but her teen years truly had come without warning. She went from being his darling little girl to a grown woman with enough sass and stubbornness to give her mother a run for her money.Draco usually appreciated that fighter spirit, but certain things about her recent behaviour left him worried and confused."I'll wait for her," he told his wife, massaging the strain from her shoulder and back muscles. "You should turn in. I know you've got a busy morning tomorrow."Hermione had spent the better part of the past three hours pacing their flat from one end to the other. She tried not to be a head-case, but having a teenaged daughter made that quite difficult."I don't know" she frowned, worried lines streaking her forehead. "What if something happened to her? Should we have alerted the Ministry or the police or ?""She's fine," Draco interjected, pressing his lips on the bridge of her nose. "I'm sure she's out with Finn doing the usual. It  It's not ideal for her to stay out all night, but I'd rather she do it with him than with those other friends. He's a good lad. He takes care of her."The brunette breathed in. "You're right."The married couple sat in silence for a moment, before Draco rose with his wife and ushered her back to the bedroom. She had been working insane hours as of late, due to some problems within the department, and that night had been her first night off in about three weeks. They had gone to see Les Miserables with Gemma and Ron, and topped the double date with a glass of wine, leaving Cissy to spend the evening with her best friend.But, as most nights turned out, she had other plans.Draco closed the door behind him, waiting for it to click shut, before strolling back into the lounge and pausing, as he heard hurried footsteps go from the fireplace to the opposite corridor."Freeze," he ordered.There was something moving in the shadows. It was small with wild, curly hair and bright youthful eyes  eyes that regarded him with more caution than he had ever seen.Cissy stepped forth, head tilted to the floor and shoulders slouched. "Hi.""There are so many things I could say right now," Draco started, rubbing the fatigue from his face. "But I'm tired of repeating myself.""I'm sorr ""No," he cut in, earning her full attention, as she glanced up at him with a mixture of surprise and alarm tugging at her facial features. "No apologies. I don't want to hear that you're sorry and that you'll never do it again. I want to know it. I want to trust you, but you're making that very, very difficult."Cissy blinked once. "Am I grounded?" she asked, speaking slowly.Draco sighed. "I don't think grounding you will make a difference," he confessed, bringing her to one of the sofas and sitting across. "I know it's hard being the only one of your friends with overprotective parents and all that  trust me  but do you know why we worry about you so much?" he asked, searching through her eyes for an answer. "Do you remember?"His daughter shifted her gaze to the window, where the half moon was visible over the clouds. "I remember," she spoke. "It's kind of hard to forget.""I was in pieces when you were gone," Draco told her. "Your mother, as well.""It was a long time ago""I know," he nodded, having tried his best to control the natural concern that flooded his veins whenever Cissy was out of his sight. "But I don't want to feel that way again. I don't want to lose you again.""You won't," she promised, looking to him moist-eyed. "I justIsometimesI want to have fun and do things other than read and revise and practice the piano. I love those things  I do  but I'm also sixteen andand I'm just so confused about everything right now."Draco placed a hand on her shoulder. "I understand. I've been there," he uttered. "I don't mind that you want to live your life and be your age, but you can't honestly sit there and tell me you haven't been partying and drinking all night. It's not good for someone so young, Ciss. You know better."She moved her head up and down, accepting his words. "I  I do know better, and starting tomorrow I'll try to act better, too."Her father smiled. "You are a bright, beautiful young woman and I will never give up on you  no matter what happens. Know that."Cissy glanced up and for the first time in months, wrapped her small arms around his neck and gave him a hug. "Thanks, Daddy."Draco closed his eyes and breathed out. "Maybe have a bath before bed. You smell like a Tube Station."ONE HOUR LATER Cissy positioned herself across from the full-length mirror propped up near her bedroom door, and stared deeply into the reflection. Having taken her father's advice and popped into the bath for a quick wash, her hair was smooth and damp, soaking into the fabric of her nightgown. It was thin and white, and something she had from about five years back. Her body had grown since then, which meant the nightgown was a little smaller than it should have been. The bottom hem reached well above her upper thigh  in a way that would have made even Finn blush  but the temperature outside was blazing hot.There was really no choice in the mater.The blonde turned to her bed and sunk deep into the creme-coloured duvet. It was sunrise in about three hours, which meant she had five hours to rest before her morning shift at the record store. She usually didn't need much more than that to function, being a teenager and all, but something was different that night.Her eyes closed.A song came on. It was set on a low volume and hummed in the background of her complicated thoughts, but it may as well have been full blast for the way her body responded to it. She immersed herself in the lyrics and the tune. It had been so long since she had heard this, and yeteverything about it was familiar.It took three, maybe four seconds until that fluttery feeling returned to her chest.There was a part between her lips, from where she tried to control her breathing, but her efforts were wasted against what happened next.There were times in her life, when she had found herself in dangerous situations  situations that would have terrified most people  but something inside her made her feel invincible. It wasn't bravery or courage or a shrewd sense of what to do. It wasn't anything that her parents had been known to show, when the situation arose. It was different. It grappled at her insides, leaving her heated and breathless. It made her heart pound and her lips tremble.It consumed her.Cissy exhaled, feeling the temperature rise around her neck and forehead. She tried to stop and go to sleep and forget about all of this, but she couldn't. Her mind told her one thing and her body told her another. There was something in the air that night, something that she couldn't touchonly feel.She closed her eyes and remembered that momentwhen she was youngwhen her innocence had been stolenwhen the darkness in her soul had awoken for the first timebut most importantwhen she had been saved. She closed her eyes even tighter and remembered him, a young man fated to diea young man who had traversed unspoken realms to find hera young man she would never and could never forget.His voice.His touch.Everything.The heaviness in her chest lessened some, as that same smooth, sleek object came to life, brushing over her eyelashes and her cheeks and for the first time, her lips.She opened them, only to speak.I miss you.But those words didn't come from her mouth.A/N: Thanks for reading this chapter! I hope you liked it. Do tell me your thoughts. Oh and the song that came on is once again, "Your Bones" by Of Monsters and Men. It's kind of Harry's anthem. Give it a listen! The song this story is named after is "Faded" by ZHU. KILLLER song. I love it so much. I imagine it as the song Cissy was dancing to at Euphoria. Cheersxo. 
