This story is a rewrite of mclovindramione's work, R is for Revenge.I know it's rare, but basically that's what everyone else it doing, rewriting the stories they love and posting them on this site.I am declaring myself a fan of mclovindramione. I don't own anything, as the plot is hers.I adored the story, but I wanted to make a few tweaks. So here we are. This is set after seventh year as if Harry never went against Voldemort.Hermione made her way up the pathway to her house with the paper bags full of groceries carefully tucked in her arms. She was cooking dinner with her mum and dad tonight, as they were having Harry and Ron over for dinner for the first time.With the war, she felt she barely had time to spend with her parents, but she made sure that every once in a while she would cram them into her schedule to keep them from thinking something was wrong. They didn't know there was a large chance that one day she would walk out of their house and never come back.But now wasn't the time to worry. It was time to relax, if only for an hour or so. She stepped up onto the porch and pushed the door open with her bum, as for some reason the door hadn't been latched. Once inside she kicked the door shut and carried the groceries toward the kitchen.As she approached, she could hear a quiet shuffling. She smiled, thinking of her mother dancing around the kitchen with her father when she was a little girl as she cooked dinner.But when she came into the doorway, she realized that her mother was not, in fact, dancing.The paper bags crashed to the floor, scattering vegetables and other foods that Hermione had chosen with great care. The food was the last thing she could care about now.Harry sat crouched on the kitchen floor, sweat soaking his hair and T-shirt and his wand clutched tightly in his hand. She immediately noted something under him. Or really, someone. Two someones.Her mother, wavy brown hair splayed about behind her head, face frozen in a shocked expression.Her father, not two feet away, slumped a little less gracefully than her mother but just as horrifying."H-Harry?"Harry's head jerked up, his wand immediately trained on her.Hermione didn't respond. Her eyes were on her parents."Ron!" Harry cried, scrambling to his feet. "I told you to keep her out of here! Get her away from here!"She was vaguely aware of Ron's burly arms wrapping around her shoulders, attempting to lead her away, but his touch made it worse.She abruptly jerked away from him, sidestepping his attempt to grab her again as she dove forward, kneeling beside her mother.There was broken glass around her, digging into her hands and knees, but the pain didn't register. She reached out, gently touching her mother's hand."Mum," she whimpered. "Daddy"They didn't stir. They didn't answer.They didn't breath. They were dead.Dead.Harry and Ron managed to seize her by the arms then and she struggled, knowing exactly who had done this, who had killed them.Harry killed them. Murdered them.Murderer!"Murderer!" She screamed at Harry, eyes stinging with disbelieving tears.He cringed, his grip loosening just enough for her to wiggle out of his grip. Ron held her fast, though, preventing her from escaping.She didn't care. As long as Harry wasn't touching her. She sobbed freely now, her whole frame shaking with the force of her grief. She couldn't breathe.She gasped heavily, trying to comprehend everything, but it was just it was too muchThe room spun nauseatingly, and the last thing she heard before she blacked out was her parents' murderer calling her name in a panic.Pain.That was her first thought. Her eyes and throat burned. Her head ached, so muchReflexively her hand came to the source of it, her left temple, where her fingers encountered a throbbing lump.She'd hit her head, apparently.Odd, she thought dazedly. She didn't remember doing that. Speaking of, what happened? What did she remember?She recalled walking home from the store, eager to get home to start cooking dinner. She remembered getting home, and-She sat up so quickly she nearly passed out again, her eyes snapping open as she barely managed to stay conscious. She almost didn't care that she was in the Weasley's house. Her parents. Mum and dadShe wasn't alone.Harry."'Mione," came his apologetic voice. She snapped her head towards his corner where he stood with Ron, eyes flashing fire. He grimaced and rubbed his scar uncomfortably.Hermione didn't let him finish. "Get out," she whispered. Her voice was so raw that she couldn't scream it the way she wanted to. "Get the fuck out, both of you."Instead of leaving, Harry took two steps forward, holding his hands up. "'Mione, we have to talk about this."Hermione leapt out of the bed, sprinting toward the door. If he wasn't leaving, then she was.Ron was faster. He blocked her exit with his body, holding his hands up as well. Harry came closer."No!" She croaked, throwing herself away from him, straight into Ron. "Get away from me, I hate you! You murderer!"Harry's face crumpled with guilt. "I'm so sorry. I had to, 'Mione, they were possessed.""I don't care! You promised me you wouldn't hurt them, and you lied! I trusted you!" She shifted in Ron's arms, further away from Harry."Hermione, please.""No. You know what I think, Harry?" she spat. "You're the boy who lived because you kill everyone who poses a threat."Harry reacted to her harsh words as if she had slapped him. "You don't mean it. You're hurt, and I'm sorry. You don't mean it.""But I do."Harry lifted his bewildered eyes to Ron for help. Ron rubbed her back, attempting to soothe her, and shrugged toward Harry."Maybe we should leave her alone for a while," Harry finally suggested.Ron nodded. "Perhaps that would be best." He released Hermione. "If you need anything, don't hesitate to let us know, okay, Hermione?""Just go."She didn't wait for them to leave before climbing back into bed. The door shut, and only then did she allow the tears to break free, streaming down her face heavily.She fell asleep this way, crying for her parents.This place was strange. She had never dreamt about it before, and surely she'd never been here before. It was dark and cold, but her dream-self stalked forward into the dungeon without a second thought, coming to kneel before a dark figure. The figure chuckled darkly, the voice commanding and evil. "Have you found any news on their whereabouts?" he murmured.She looked up. "No, my lord, but I will. I swear it."The being took a step forward, looming closer. "I adore your persistence and determination. What drives this, might I ask?"Her eyes flashed, an image of Harry crouched over her parents in her mind's eye. "Hatred."Voldemort tilted his head into the dim candlelight, revealing his snake-like features. He smirked. "My favorite answer. You will make the world proud."She grinned wickedly. "That's what I plan on."Hermione jolted awake, sweat glistening on her brow, breathing heavily. She had just dreamt of something she promised herself she would never consider, and she had loved it.One word stuck with her, one she had spoken in the dream: Hatred.And the memory of Harry's cruel deed filled her with it.
