I WILL NOT BE UPDATING THIS STPRY UNTIL I HAVE WORKED OUT SOME THINGS. I HAVE BEEN TOLD THAT IT IS TOO SIMILAR TO THE STORY 'daisy Dursley' AND I WILL BE EDITING IT SK THAT I CAN NOT BE ACCUSED OF PLAGIARISM. I HOPE TO RECTIFY THE SOTUATION QUICKLY WOTHIUT CHANGING MY STORY LINE TO MUCH.Harrison & His Daughter in all but BloodDeclamation: I do not own Harry Potter or any of the mentioned characters and scene that you may recognize. They all belong to J.K. Rowling and all those other lucky and intellectual people. I will not be writing this again because everyone knows who Harry Potter belongs to. Summary: What if Harry was forced to grow up quickly? What if he was highly intelligent? What if he was completely independent? What if he new what he was doing: could control his magic? What if his parents left him information? And what if he had someone to care for, someone completely dependant on him? Harry doesn't bow down to anyone and will do anything to protect his family. Warning: This is an AU but I will follow the guidelines of the books (mostly) up till at least book five. There will be Slash, meaning Male/Male. I have not decided if it will between Harry/Severus, Harry/Draco, Harry/Blaise or Harry/?. This might turn out to be a time travel story if I can swing it. There is also mentions of abuse and rape, nothing to graphic because I do not know how it fills and so would not be able to write; I would also like to say here that I do not approve of abuse of any kind and I think that children should be cherished and looked after. There may be minor sex scenes later on but I do not generally write them in my stories because in the stories I write it is not about the sexual relationship of the characters  especially in this story. Chapter One: The Last PotterWhen Harrison James Potter, Harry for short, was one year and three months old on a cold October's night, Lily Potter, a beautiful young women with sparkling emerald green eyes and long fire red hair, brought a tray of tea and biscuits into the living room were her husband of three years James Potter, a handsome man with messy black hair, hazel eyes and round glasses, was gently rocking their young son to sleep. Although, he was not having much success because Harry was trying to steal his father's glasses and was ignoring the rocking sensation that normally made him sleepy.Lily put the tea tray down and was about to take Harry from her husband, after rescuing the man's glasses, when there was a loud bang as the front door was blown of its hinges. James grabbed his wand and handed Harry over to Lily before pulling her into a quick but passionate kiss. Harry looked at his fearful parent's curiously but he did not make a sound. James turned and ran towards the hallway to meet and hopefully slow Voldemort down."Take Harry and run, Lil. I'll hold him off, just get out!" he shouted over his shoulder. Lily with tears in her eyes ran up the stairs and into the nursery holding her son close. Ones in the nursery she grabbed Harry's emergency bag and tried to use her portkey. It didn't work, nor did apparating. They were trapped.Tears fell from her eyes as she heard a high cold voice say "Avada Kedavra" and the sound of her husband's body hitting the floor. Lily gently placed her son down in his crib with the bag next to him. She kissed his forehead and whispered softly to her now silently crying son, for he seemed to understand that he needed to be quite:"I love you Harry, both me and your dad do. And we'll watch over you; just remember we're proud of you no matter what you choose to do."She turned to face the Nursery door, making sure that she hid her son with her body. She would not let the bastured kill her son not even if it cost her, her own life. Lily turned to the door in time to see as it was blasted of its hinges, the splinters barely missing her. A hooded figure glided into the room; he was tall and slim but the only defining features that you could see were the blood red eyes and long white fingers that curled around his 141/2inch holly wand that was pointed at Lily. This man's name was lord Voldemort, although most fear to speak it for he has killed many and set fear into the hearts of all wizard kind. The only person that the man feared was Albus Dumbledore, the Leader of Light and current Headmaster at Hogwarts."Stand aside," he hissed coldly at Lily."No, please," she screamed, tears falling from her eyes."You don't have to die, just stand aside you silly women." He ordered."No please, kill me just don't hurt him." Lily begged."Move aside or die." Voldemort hissed stepping forward."Kill me, leave him be." Lily begged."Very well, Avada Kedavra!" he shouted. A sickly green light left Voldemort's wand and hit Lily in the chest. She fell to the floor, eyes blank and a single tear falling down her face; dead before she hit the floor, like her husband and many others.Voldemort then turned his wand to Harry, and for the third time he spoke the incantation for the killing curse. The deadly green light left the man's wand, but, this time when it connected with Harry's head the young boy did not die - no the curse rebounded. You see it was not just any October night, it was Halloween, or Sanheim, the day were the rift between worlds was strongest; both Lily and James's souls had lingered on the earth, their love for their son keeping them there; so when the curse hit their child all three of their magic's came together, merging within Harry to make a shield of love, it was old magic combined with the promise Voldemort had made to his servant  a man that spied. Voldemort screamed in pain as his own curse backfired ripping his soul from his body which turned to ash.As Voldemort's soul fled, the house slowly started to collapse, the magical back lash too much for the wards to handle now that the owners have perished. Harry lay under a beam of wood that was only inches from hitting him - the only thing stopping it from squishing the boy was the bars of his crib that remained standing. He clutched at the bag his mother had put beside him and cried, from the pain on his forehead and because he new that his mother and father would not come and comfort him again.Author's Note: Sorry that this chapter is so short, they will get longer as we progress (promise). I hope to update once a month and will be posting two chapters this first time because they are so short. However, I'm in my tenth year and so the teachers have decided to stack a shit ton of homework and revision on me despite the fact that I only take one exam this year  silly teachers  so my updates may be a bit slow coming. I have written six chapters so I shouldn't realistically fall behind unless my plot bunny runs away which they have a scary habit of doing. I would also like to take this time to apologies for any grammatical, punctuation or spelling errors because although English is my first language I have issues with putting thought to paper. Also when I read things that I have written I read what I intended to write which may not be what I have written so if you find any mistakes in this story point it out (kindly) and I will endeavor to change it. Once again sorry for the shortness of the chapter, Thehelpinghand 
