I deleted the other version of this fic because I felt it wasn't going anywhere but this new revised version will be much better. I do not own Harry Potter."NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH!"Molly Weasley cried in rage as she started running towards Bellatrix Lestrange who was in mid-duel with her daughter and just missed Ginny by an inch with a killing curse. Bellatrix turned to see a plump, red-headed running towards her and realising who it was, smirked and looked her right in the eye before silently sending a green coloured stunning curse which hit her target directly in the chest. Molly looked on in horror as she watched her daughters, her babies body be lifted into the air with the force of the curse before being slammed back down onto the concrete.Molly Weasley started the duel with a quick swipe of her wand and watched as Bellatrix blocked her curse with little effort and roared with laughter at the sight of her new challenger. As the battle grew more and more intense the floor underneath the two witches started heating and cracking with the power of their spells"What will happen to your children when I've killed you?" taunted Bellatrix capering as Molly's curses danced around her"When Mummy's gone the same way as Ginny and Freddie?""You  will  never  touch  our  children  again!"Bellatrix gave an exhilarated laugh as she sent a subtle glance at Narcissa Malfoy just before Molly's curse struck her in the chest, directly above the heart, her eyes seemed to have bulged before she toppled backwards as the surrounding crowed gave a triumphant roar and Lord Voldemort screamed in outrage and his magic pulsated around him like a bomb as his last, best lieutenant fell causing those close enough to him to get flung backwards as he pointed his wand at Molly. This was when Harry Potter decided to show himself by casting a powerful protego between Lord Voldemort and Molly."AVADA KADEVRA""EXPELLIARMUS"Red and green met with a bang like the blast of a cannon, until Harry Potter's spell over-came Lord Voldemort's causing it to rebound and hit him in chest and he fell back, arms splayed, the slits of his pupils rolling upwards. Tom Riddle hit the floor with mundane finality, his body feeble and shrunken, the white hands empty, the snake-like face vacant and unknowing.There was one second of silence before screams, cheers and roars broke through the air by the watchers as they ran towards Harry Potter, the saviour of their world and enveloped him in hugs. No one noticed Narcissa Malfoy crouching over her sister's body, taking off her bird skull necklace and pressing it to her lips murmuring"Soon"Before apparating away with a nearly silent crack, one that no one would hear over the festive cheers."Bone of the father, unknowingly given, you will renew your daughter! Flesh of the sister, willingly sacrificed, you will revive your sister. Blood of the enemy, forcibly taken, you will resurrect your foe." Narcissa recited as she dropped the various ingredients into the cauldron, watching as the thick potion slowly formed into a 5"2 women's form. With a bright flash, Bellatrix Druella Black was standing in front of Narcissa who all but flew into Bellatrix's arms who chuckled and let her little sister hold onto her as if Bellatrix would disappear if she let go. Narcissa looked up at Bellatrix and gasped quietly"What, Cissy? Forgot what I looked like already?" Bellatrix joked,"You look like you did in fourth year, Bella""Well, that's convenient isn't it?"Just as Narcissa was about to answer they both felt the wards shimmer telling them someone apparated into the wards before they heard"CISSY? WHERE ARE YOU?"Looking at each other confused, they mouthed to each other "Andi?""NARCISSA""Answer the bloody banshee, Cissy" Bellatrix grumbled"I'M IN THE POTION ROOM, ANDI" Narcissa yelled"Oh my gods, you're both banshee's. You couldn't send a patronus or house elf to her?" Bellatrix said just as Andi walked through the door"What in the name of Merlin? Bella?" Andi poked at her cheek before looking at her confused"Oi what are you doing?" Bellatrix said slapping her hand away"Aren't you meant to be like fifty? And dead?""Excuse me I am not that old you cow. Did you really think a Weasley could kill me, Andromeda? Ashamed and offended, to be honest" Bellatrix said as she walked behind Narcissa and wrapped her arms around her waist, resting her chin on her shoulder"Cut it out, you two come on. The entire wizarding world is celebrating your death; I think they were happier about you dying than the Dark lord. Must say, I was ready to have a party to celebrate." Andromeda joked"Alright children, let's not fight" Narcissa chided "Kreature" she called the old house elf"Yes, Mistress Cissy?" He asked as he bowed she deeply his nose touched the floor"Would you please fetch a pot of tea for three and some ginger newts?" She asked politely just before the old house elf popped away One week laterAs Hermione made her way to Bill's old bedroom after all the celebration and grieving at the Weasley's that lasted a week with little to no rest for everybody, Ron stepped in her way"Off to bed, love?" He asked"Yeah, I'll um, see you in the morning" She said, trying to make her way past him"Why don't you sleep in my bed? We could have our own little celebration," He said, leering at her"No thank-you, I just want to go to bed" She tried to get past him again only for him to stand in front of her"Come on, Mione, it'll be fun" He said in what he thought was a seductive voice as he pressed her against the closet wall"Look Ron, I can't, okay?""Why not? You've been pining after me for years" He smirked at her"No Ron, I haven't. I'm actually in a relationship right now. I'm sorry" She pushed him away gently"What? With who?" He asked angrily"It's none of your business, Ron. Just let me go to bed""No. Who are you with? I bet I could fuck you better than he could""You really want to know? Fine. I'm with Andromeda Black, have been since the Department of Mystery's" Hermione said, trying to shove past him only to be met with a hard hit to the stomach, making her drop to the floor"YOU'RE WITH A FUCKING WOMEN? BELLATRIX LESTRANGE'S SISTER AT THAT? WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU?" He raged at her, kicking her in the stomach and sending multiple hexes at her. He kept kicking her and yelling at her until George came out of his room and looked over the banister and quickly firing a stunning spell at his younger brother before rushing down the stairs to see the mess Ron made of Hermione when he realised the true damage and called for his father who came rushing up the stairs"We have to get her to St. Mungo's" He said, preparing to apparate "Go wake your mother and tell her where we are" he said just before he apparatedHe apparated into St. Mungo's and immediately had someone at his side"Get Healer Tonks right now" The young man said to the closest healer as he levitated Hermione into a special ward, just as they got there Andromeda apparated into the room and started working on Hermione as fast as she could. It was a solid hour before she found Arthur and the entire Weasley and Potter family minus Ron sitting in the waiting room"What the hell happened to her?" Andromeda fumed looking at Arthur, she was surprised when George spoke instead of his father"I don't know what happened but I heard a commotion down stairs so I looked over the bannister and Ron was going mad""The Poor lad was probably just upset about Fred and Gin" Molly Weasley sniffed and wiped her eyes "We'll talk to him and he'll apologise and everything will be right as rain""HE NEARLY KILLED HER" Andromeda fumed"She'll be fine." Molly glared at her causing George to look at her surprised just as Ron apparated in"Where is the stupid whore?" He fumed"Ronnie, what did you do?" Molly cooed,"She lied. She reckons she's with HER" he said pointing at Andromeda "and she wouldn't come to my room. I had to teach her a lesson" looking rather proud of himself before he was flung to the floor and being pummelled in the face, feeling his nose break and blood flow down his face before the weight left himAndromeda looked and sounded exactly like Bellatrix as she screamed at him to get out of her hospital and if she ever seen him again she would crucio him to next century before storming back into Hermione's room with, to everybody's surprise, George following. George couldn't help but feel sorry for Andromeda as she sat next to Hermione, looking at her bruised and swollen face with heartbreak"If it's any consolation, I'm happy for the two of you. You make a very beautiful couple" George whispered as he sat on the other side of Hermione "and I will be doing much worse to the Git for doing this to her. She deserves so much more than this. I'm sorry I didn't stop it sooner""You saved her life. One more minute with him and well" Andromeda looked away and shook her head before looking back at him with a sincere glint in her eye "Thank-you. If you ever want anything, tell me. I will get it for you, anything you want. You have my word.""No need. She's like my little sister, especially after Gin"They spent the rest of the night chatting to each other and eventually fell asleep exactly how they were sitting The next morning, George woke first to see Hermione sitting up with her hand entwined with Andromeda's while using the other to turn the page of a book"How are you feeling, Hermione?" He asked gently"Like a git hit me.. Oh wait" She said with a smile on her face, noticing that her face wasn't swollen and she only had yellow looking bruises he smiled"Do you always heal so quickly?""Huh? Oh yeah, Professor McGonagall said it's because of how powerful my magic is or something" She said, touching her face and smiling again"You should've seen your women, I thought she was going to tear Ron's bollock's off," He said, laughing with Hermione which caused Andromeda to wake"Shut up" she grumbled"Good morning to you to my beautiful ray of sunshine" Hermione said sarcastically while George just grinned"Shut up Hermi- HERMIONE" Andromeda all but flew out of her chair and wrapped her arms around Hermione"I'll come back later, I'll bring proper food with me and maybe Ron's bollocks" George left after being completely ignored by the couple who were absorbed in each otherOne hour laterGeorge burst into the room panting like he just ran a hundred miles"The Order is coming, bringing Aurors" He gasped out, bent over with his hands on his knees"What?" Hermione and Andromeda asked at the same time as George caught his breath"They want to charge you, Andromeda, for "attacking" Ron""Wait so, they're sending Aurors for me? Are they forgetting that my daughter's the head Auror now? Are they forgetting who my cousin is? For god sakes, are they forgetting who my sister is and her position in the ministry?" Andromeda asked, amused"What does Sirius have to do with anything? And Narcissa?" Hermione asked, confused"I was talking about Regulus, love. He's an unspeakable and he's on the Wizenmagot. But Sirius is the head of a Most Ancient and Noble house so that will help. Narcissa has basically all the heads of the department in her back pocket as well as the Daily Prophet. Nothing get's printed without her O.K. With me being a healer and a war veteran from both wars, I've saved hundreds of lives. I don't think they have anything on me, really. The Black name is still extremely powerful." She said smugly"So I ran all the way here from the joke shop for nothing?" George asked"Sorry, George" Andromeda said just as Ron, Molly and Harry burst in with two Aurors behind them"Andromeda Tonks, you're under arrest" One Auror said"Hold on boys. I am Andromeda BLACK now and also the mother of your boss, do you really want to piss her off?""We have to do our jobs, ma'am" The other said softly"WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING?" Nymphadora Tonks fumed as she shoved through the group at the door and stood in front of her mother"You think you can try to arrest my MOTHER without my order? Are you thick or do you just really want to lose your job?" She said, looking between them"She has to be arrested. She attacked me and broke my fucking nose. I am a war hero, I'm part of the reason any of you are even alive" Ron said smugly"Weasley, Andromeda is the reason you're alive. She's a veteran in both Wizarding Wars, she saved your mother. She's also an heir to an Ancient and Noble house, did you really think you were going to get to her?" Hermione fumed causing Ron to run at her again before being thrown back by a powerful protego that came from Tonks"Escort him out, please" Tonks ordered the two Aurors"Everyone but Dora and George get out before I have to kick you out of my hospital" Andromeda said"Love, we have to run some blood tests okay? See if the git did any lasting damage"Ten minutes after they took the blood tests the results came back with a very curious result in them"Hermione, you were adopted weren't you?" Andromeda asked"Yeah" Hermione answered absent mindedly while reading her book"So, turns out you're a pureblood""Cool. Wait what?" Hermione looked away from her book"Results came back, you're fine. But apparently you're a Noson-Trodai" George gasped as the words left Andromeda's mouth and looked at Hermione with wide eyes"Excuse me?" Hermione asked "Never heard of them""They're big. Like really big Hermione. As in Black and Malfoy big" George said"Bigger than Malfoy, actually. Back in the days of Kings and Queens, the wizarding world had two kings and two queens. Two for the North and two for the South, I'm pretty sure the Blacks were the Kings and Queens of the North, which is why they're all pale and dark and stuff while the Noson-Troda's ruled the South, with tanned skin, light high and blue eyes." Tonks said before pointing her wand at Hermione and saying an incantation that Hermione didn't know but her face felt weird, like she just took polyjuice potion"What did you do?" Hermione asked, her question being answered when Andromeda pressed a mirror into her hand. Holding up the mirror she saw a stranger who looked like her but with with lightly tanned skin, reddish blonde hair and deep blue eyes"That wouldn't have worked if there wasn't a glamour on you. Congratulations, you're a pureblood" Tonks laughed as George shot confetti out of his wandTwo days laterHermione took the news of being pureblooded surprisingly well but when it came to finding out exactly how "big" her family was, she nearly passed out. I guess anyone would if they went from being a middle-class-muggle-born to a high-class-wealthier-than-the-fricking-Queen-Pureblood, she spent the last two days searching for where her birth parents may be, turns out they were in Australia, around the same area as her adoptive parents. Andromeda made plans with Narcissa and Bellatrix who agreed to accompany them to help Hermione find both parents. Another thing that really did shock Hermione to actually passing out was finding out that her girlfriend's sister was still alive and was surprisingly supportive of their relationship and apologised profusely for the whole "torture incident" as Bellatrix called it.Two day's after going to St. Mungo's, Ron was still fuming about what happened and would tell anyone who would listen how much of a slut Hermione was and that she was asking for what he done to it and all sorts of lies until finally both Sirius and George got sick of him spreading lies about Hermione and confronted him in the middle of Gringotts"Ron, mate, you need to stop spreading lies about Hermione" George said to his younger brother"I'm not lying. Everything I say is true" Ron said in a snobbish voice "She's a dirty fucking whore who should've been pleased that I wanted her. Every girl wants me, I saved the fucking world""That's a lie and we both know it. While Hermione was sleeping a shitty tent and trying to find enough food for her and Harry to eat, you were at home in a comfortable bed eating a five course meal with your family and I will tell the entire bloody world that if you don't stop" George said calmly"Like anyone would believe you. You're the fuck up Weasley" Ron sneered"Ron, you may not listen to your older brother but you'd do well to listen to me right now. Stop. Talking. About. Hermione." Sirius said poking his chest, which caused Harry to push Sirius's hand away"Why would I listen to you, Black? The Black's don't have power anymore" Ron said"Really? I'd beg to differ. You see, if we had a duel right now, you would be the one who faces the consequences for attacking the Lord of an Ancient and Noble house." Sirius said"I'm a Lord to a Ancient and Noble house as well, Sirius. I think the Potter name has more power than Black." Harry said"You're taking this gits side over the girl who saved your fucking life? You know that without her you both would be dead before you even started the search. Haven't you heard? You're not the golden boy anymore Potter, they're calling Hermione the Golden Girl" George fumed"I am your godfather, Harry. You're picking him over me?" Sirius asked, looking upset"Potter's don't associate with dark families, Black" Harry said coldly"You're going to regret this, boy. Your father would be so disappointed in you" Sirius said before walking away from them
