5 Years ago.Hermione's P.O.VI can't believe it. I just can't believe it. It's over. All over. It has been very eventful for many different reasons. The most eventful part for me was that the Malfoy's were spies for the order. I was never told about this. I only found out when Voldermort was asking people to step forward to join him as he had believed, as had many others, even me I'm afraid, that the Dark Lord has won. But, the Malfoy's just upped and walked over towards the light side. This had startled the Dark Lord. This lead to Harry, who everyone thought to be dead, the chance to finally kill him. And he did. It all suddenly went quiet. It was like one of them muggle movies where it was so silent that you could hear a pin drop. If it was western movie tumbleweed would have been sufficient at that moment.Harry just stabbed him. It seemed so easy now that Neville had killed that ghastly snake. But, it was over. I ran towards Harry without even realising it until I landed in his arms. I think I was too shocked to even register what I was doing. When Harry looked at me he said something. I think he asked if I was alright but I'm not sure. He asked again and I finally came back to reality. I hit him at his stupid question. I am alright? What an idiot. But that's Harry. Cares more for others than himself. That's why he's my best friend.'AM I ALRIGHT? ARE YOU?''I am fine. Well to be honest with you I am shocked at most. If it weren't for the Malfoy's saying I was dead even though I wasn't, I think this would have ended differently. At the time, I thought that because they were the Dark Lords most trusted servants that they would sell me out. But no. They lied.''I know Harry. I was very...I don't even know what to say. Surprised, maybe. Gob smacked. If they had walked to the light side when they knew he was losing, yea, I would have understood that they didn't want to die or got to Azkaban. But, no it was at the time where we all thought he was going to win and slay us all. I don't even...'That's when I noticed Draco. Stood there. Alone. Staring so intently at me that it felt as if he were trying to seek out my soul. Then before I knew it he walked away threading his hands through his scruffy platinum hair. I wonder how it would feel. Stop. Why am I even thinking this?I turned back to look at Harry who was still talking to me but thankfully he didn't notice me staring at Draco.Harry was about to ask me a question but Ron started shouting for us and I turned just in time to put my arms out and hug him. I was so relieved. We won the war. I have my tow best friends still alive.We turned around and slowly started walking inside to the great hall.'It weird, isn't it? Harry said.'What's weird Harry?' Ron replied.'The fact that I always believed that Hogwarts was the safest place and never can be brought down but look around. The grounds are covered in rubble and every year something bad has happened inside the castle, yet people still believe it's the safest place.'I understand Harry, but think about it. Hogwarts has protected us from Death eaters and Voldermort. The only reason why death eaters were here was because someone let them be. So technically, Hogwarts has protected us it's just that people make Hogwarts seem unsafe.' Hermione broke in.'Hermione, you always have...'I turned to see why he had stopped. When I saw what he saw I froze too. I never thought it would be this bad. I didn't realise how many people were involved or how many people have died. I feel bad. It's not all happy for everyone, like I made it out to be just moments ago. I was happy that I had all my friends and I didn't care about how everyone else was. How horrible of me.Looking around all I can see is blood and my eyes are slightly watering, which makes it hard for me to see. Yet I can still see all the dead, brave, people. I felt an arm move from my shoulder, I realised it was Ron's. He was running forward. I wonder why? Wait. No. NO. That is not what I am seeing. Fred. No. Why? Why would someone take someone so wonderful? So nice. It's just not fair. I feel ever so sorry for Ron. The look in his eyes, the sorrow, and the sadness in them makes me cry. I bet it is a horrible feeling to lose a brother that has always made you laugh, someone who you would think to be around forever. Gone. I turn to Harry and I hug him so tight. In that tight embrace I realise that I have taken all the people I love for granted. I will never do it again. I let Harry go because I know he wants to and comfort the Weasleys. I let him walk to them and I watch as he hugs them all individually. It's heartbreaking. I cannot cope. I turn and walk to my favourite place where I know I can find comfort and where I can forget, even if for a moment, what has happened here. As I walk out, I see all the brave people who have fought for our side. Some I know. Some I don't. All dead. It saddens me because they all have family and tomorrow will be a day of sorrow and sadness rather than a day to celebrate. I carry on walking down the corridors without even registering where I am. I know where I am going, but my mind is too messed up to think about where I'm walking.Suddenly, the thought of Draco popped into my brain. SO many questions.Why did they spy for us?Why didn't I know?What is the matter with Draco?Are they alright?These questions will probably never get answered.As I look up, it's as if thinking about his has brought him to me as he stands at the other end the corridor, by the library. He's just standing there staring. I think he's staring at me. But his gaze looks like it's looking through me. I start to drift towards him. Slowly. His eyes go wide as he finally sees me. Walking towards him. He looks so drained. The hair that he used to always have gelled back is now pointing in every direction. His once pale skin now looks grey and aged.I opened my mouth to ask a question when he asked me one first that shocked me. Why would he ask me that? That's not like Malfoy at all.
