Harry Potter Origins: Chapter 1: Here Comes the Americans"Please help me welcome our brothers and sisters from the west and their Headmaster Killian Smith! North America's WildSmith University of Magic and Wizardry." Dumbledore announced to the surprise of the other schools Hogwarts, Durmstrang, Beaubaxtons that they were going to face not only the best Wizards out there but they were Americans. In the center of the Great Hall all of the students noticed that there were some circles. Dumbledore simply clapped his hands together and a bright white light illuminated the great hall. Ron screamed "What the bloody hell is going on?!" As soon as the lights dimmed down and the students looked and saw at least 16 people including a very tall individual. He had a long beard like Dumbledore but he looked like he was in his early 30's. "Albus my old friend you're getting old on me!" said the headmaster. "Ha allow me to introduce the Principle of WildSmith University, James McCavoy. Principle McCavoy just smiled at everyone and waved. "Now I know this is different than our traditional Triwizard Tournament so we thought that to spice things up we should add another school into the tournament we are still deciding on the name to keep "Tri" or "Quad" but we will decide on the official name later!" said Dumbledore "Now students," Dumbledore said looking at the WildSmith students. "Please go to the Gryffindor table. (Note: We are transitioning to my OC Joseph Cousland)As the WildSmith students and I walked towards we just looked around and saw every single student look at us in awe or in disgust. I made it to the last seat available and these two Red headed twins came up to me "So you're American right?" one asked "Of course he's American Fred." the other one stated "Well I'm Fred!" "I'm George!" they both said excitedly. "I'm Joseph. Joseph Cousland" I said happily and shaking their hands. "Wait you're a Cousland?" another red head said. "Sure am." I said nonchalantly. "What's the big deal with that name Ron?" A dark haired boy said. "Harry a Cousland are well known as wizards and witches but Joseph, is a really good seeker. They almost faced against the Irish for the World Cup but, one of the players got sick so they gave the semi final position to the Bulgarians." Victor Krum over heard this. "That is true." he said and walked over to the group. Ron was acting like a fan boy while Harry was fidgeting everywhere. "Hello Victor." I said shaking his hand "Good to see you again." "Good to see you as well. Perhaps we can have a match to see who is the better seeker?" Victor said. "Absolutely, it will be a good match like always." nodding in agreement to this match. With that Victor was about to walk away until Ron stepped in front of him. " I am a huge fan and I was hopping you'd sign my erm..." Ron looked around and grabbed his napkin and handed it to Victor. I couldn't help but laugh at this Victor looked back and gave me a glare that made me laugh even more. As I was done laughing I walked up to them and handed them my fountain pen which was gold. "Here use this." I said. Victor grunted and took the pen and signed the napkin and returned my pen. I walked towards my seat and sat down. "Hi I'm Ginny Weasley" the red headed girl stretched her arm out. I gladly shook her hand and other students greeted me even Harry.As Dumbledore showed us the Goblet of Fire even gasped in awe. I had to admit it looked pretty nice with blue fire lighting the room proudly. With that Dumbledore turned the lights back on with his arm stretching out. All of a sudden the food appeared. I quickly looked extremely happy. The girl that sat next to me which was Hermione Granger asked. "When was the last time you ate?" "Hmm... about 6 hours ago." I said smiling at her. "Well you should eat before you pass out." she said smiling at me. With that I grabbed some steak, green beans, macaroni and cheese, mashed potatoes, corn bread, and some fruit. The Gryffindor students looked at me shockingly. I looked at them and smiled "Did I do something wrong?" Harry raised his eyebrows "Don't you think that's a bit much Joseph?" I shook my head "This is how much us Americans usually eat. "How are you not fat?" Ginny asked trying to sound polite. "Well I do burn most of this by exercising. Plus I need to eat this much for my brain power." I said smiling and Hermione giggled next to me. "You're last name is Kilaris right Maverick?" I asked the 13 year old blonde boy. "Yes that's my last name. Why?" he asked curiously. "Well I know your family own Diagon Alley as well as they have a high position like my family in the Ministry right?" I asked. "You're family owns Diagon Alley Mav?" Ginny asked. Maverick blushed and nodded his head. "So Joseph what do you like to do in your free time?" Hermione asked as she was eating her Ceaser Salad. "Well I can answer that." a brunette girl said in the background "Joseph is a nerd that reads books day in and day out. But don't let that fool you he's a pretty good wizard and he's sweet, kind, compassionate, confident, and pretty damn se-" "Now Melissa why are you going way off topic?" said the tall man. "I was not going off topic Kaidan!" Melissa said blushing and putting her head down on the table. "Hi everyone I'm Kaidan Reeves and this Melissa Smith." Kaidan said. Everyone greeted the other Americans. I walked towards Melissa and put my hand on her shoulder she looked at me and smiled then punched me in my shoulder. "What was that for?" I asked rubbing my shoulder "That was for embarrassing me in front of them" Melissa pointed at the Hogwart students. I just had my jaw open and pointed at Kaidan cause he was the one who embarrassed her. "Don't bring Kaidan into this, this is your fault." The other American students were just laughing at Melissa and I. "Do they argue like this a lot?" Ginny giggled. "You have no idea." Kaidan said.As a prefect was showing the WildSmith students where they were I had to help clean the great hall because of a certain brunette arguing with me... I was the only one cleaning up. But I decided to do half the work with my hands which took about an hour then I used magic to finish up. I decided to just look at the great hall it wasn't as big as WildSmith but it was big and clean. As I walking towards the dorm I saw Hermione going up the stairs as well so I skipped up towards and she looked and saw it was me. "Hello ." I said smiling "Why hello how was dish duty? I hope it was... um sanitary." I just looked at her and smiled "You have never told jokes before have you?" Hermione blushed and looked away. "Aw Hermione it's ok I thought it was kind of cute." Hermione blushed harder at the comment I said. "So maybe sometime you should tell me about America sometime." she said going a step ahead and blocking me from advancing. "Fine I'll tell you about America if you tell me more about you." I said. Hermione just smiled at me but, with that the staircase moved and Hermione lost her balance. Thanks to my quick reflexes I caught and held her as the stair case moved. Her hair smelt like Vanilla which was pretty amazing. Hermione gazed into my eyes for what seemed like hours. "So why do your staircases move?" I asked smiling innocently at her. Hermione quickly regained her balance "This is my dorm." she said quickly readjusting her robes. "I'll see you tomorrow and with that she said "Balderdash" and she entered the Gryffindor dorm and turned back to wave bye at me. With that The Fat Lady closed the entrance. I turned back and looked around and sighed "Where the fuck is my dorm."
