Harry Potter found himself, not for the first time, outside of his dormitory and in a part of the castle far far away from anywhere in particular, after a near run-in with Filch and the dreaded Mrs Norris. He had been en route to meet Hermione and Ron for one of their frequent after-hours adventures when he found himself tailed by the mangy feline. He had always suspected that his father's Invisibility Cloak did not fully shroud him from her lamp-like eyes. Stepping up his pace, he rounded a corner and, as he focused his attention on looking back at his pursuer, he forgot about an inconveniently placed statue whose feet stuck out far farther than the narrow corridor allowed. Now, sprawled on the floor, with the Cloak snagged on a pointed stone boot and covering only his feet, he looked up to lock gazes with Mrs Norris. Sure enough, he could hear the hurried shuffling which announced the approach of Filch, the caretaker. Unable to free the Cloak, he had only one option left. He closed his eyes and hoped that he could make it in time.As Filch rounded the corner panting, his eyes found his faithful cat and a seemingly empty hall. His eyes raked every crevice, as if the wayward student might have found a way to hide. Then his gaze darted back to the statue, from the neck of which hung a great fucker of a grey sloth. It peered round at him with dull eyes and then continued with its strenuous climb. Filch huffed in resignation, and wheezed to Mrs Norris, "Probably escaped from the Transfiguration labs. Nothing for us to worry about, my sweet." With that, the pair turned from the slowly ascending animal and walked on, disappearing amongst the maze of hallways.Harry breathed a sigh of relief, though as a sloth it was more of a gradual expelling of air. He had mastered transforming into an animagus late in his first year, despite the fact that it took any other skilled witch or wizard many years to achieve this feat. When he was sure that he was alone, he changed back, tugged the Cloak free and ran to meet Ron and Hermione near Hagrid's hut. He had been reluctant to go, but at Hermione's insistence that Hagrid could use the emotional support before Buckbeak's disciplinary hearing, and her optimistic suggestion that this show of friendship might reduce their chances of being exposed to extremely dangerous and possibly man-eating creatures in their lessons, Harry and Ron had agreed. As he approached the meeting point however, he saw that they had gone in without him. Sulking, he sat under a tree and waited for them to emerge. Not five minutes later, he saw the bowler-hatted Minister for Magic and the cowled Ministry-appointed executioner heading down to the hut. Speaking into the oversized conch shell that Hermione had enchanted for exactly this purpose (paired with her cowrie and Ron's marginella), he told both Ron and her of the approaching company. They soon exited the cabin through the back door, and waited until the visitors had passed them by, before hurrying to the tree by which Harry was hidden."How did it go?" Harry asked."Absolute bollocks," Ron replied. "He was so upset that he barely noticed we were there. He didn't even try to introduce us to some new cross-bred abomination that wants nothing more than to shred our skin off."Harry nodded. A lucky escape. They started up to the castle, keeping out of sight. As they skirted round the Whomping Willow Harry saw a dark shape moving rapidly towards them. Before he could shout and warn the other two, it was upon them and had pounced on Ron, sinking its teeth into his leg and dragging him towards the Willow. As was its nature, the tree launched its attack on the struggling boy, its branches leaving deep scratches. Ron was wailing and screaming, narrowly avoiding being crushed by the larger bark-covered limbs, while Hermione and Harry stood stock still. They watched in shock as the shape, a scruffy dog, Harry decided, touched a knot at the base of the violent tree, and once it had stilled, took Ron into a small tunnel between the roots. His cries became quiet and distant.Harry turned to look at Hermione. She shrugged."Perhaps he just wants a mate. We should head in before we're missed." Hermione said without concern. Harry's look told her that this was, in fact, a dangerous situation not to be passed up on. Sighing in resignation, she followed Harry into the earthy tunnel. After a time, the passageway began to rise and twist sinuously. Harry, in the lead as ever, could see a dim light at the far end.Harry and Hermione came out into a room so dilapidated as to be wholly unsalvageable. A thick coat of dust covered every surface, save a path where the mongrel had hauled its unwilling guest, leading towards the stairs. What might have once been decent furniture had long-since lost its lustre. A creak upstairs caught their attention.Using standard military hand-signals (drilled into him when 'playing' war games with Dudley) Harry directed his small company upwards. Hermione failed to comprehend his strange gesticulating, rolled her eyes, pulled out her wand, and led the way up the stairs. Disgruntled, Harry followed. They kicked the door wide, and saw ahead of them a once-splendid four-poster bed, with their wounded comrade sprawled across the moth-eaten bedspread."Where's the dog?" Hermione asked.Ron's expression perfectly captured his distaste at being the secondary consideration in this matter."I'll have you know that I am in fact an Irish Wolfhound of exceptional pedigree, not some mutt." croaked a rough voice from behind the door. Black stood there, his sunken face framed by matted locks. Using Ron's wand, he disarmed the pair of them, all the while his eyes never leaving Harry's face."Thought you'd come to help your friend." he said with a voice that sounded hoarse with disuse. "Your father would've done the same for me. Same Gryffindor courage, same face, but Lily's eyes of course.""But Harry's not a Gryffindor!" exclaimed Ron from his recumbent position on the bed. The gaunt man turned to look at the ginger youth, then back at Harry. He stared in bemusement at the bespectacled boy. Harry gulped."I'm in Hufflepuff," he said questioningly, "I thought everyone knew?"Black looked round at the three of them."But.. you two.. you're in Gryffindor?" He asked.Hermione and Ron exchanged a glance."No, Ronald is in Slytherin," she said with a degree of derision, "and of course, I am in Ravenclaw."Silence greeted this revelation, only to be broken by the sound of footsteps on the musty stairs. As Ron shifted on the bed, they quickened, and the next moment Lupin appeared in the doorway. His eyes raked the room, and he quickly disarmed Black."Where is he, Sirius?" He said in a voice that shook with unexpressed emotion.Black said nothing, but instead raised his now-empty hand to point directly at Ron, who looked just as confused as Harry felt."But then why hasn't he shown himself before now? Unless-" Lupin's eyes widened as if in shock, as if he was seeing something that no-one else could see, "-unless he was the one unless you switched without telling me?"A nod."Professor," said Hermione inquisitively, nicely breaking the building sexual tension, "what exactly is going-?"She never finished the question, however, her voice trailing off as she watched Lupin lower his wand, help Black to his feet, and embrace him like a brother."I DON'T BELIEVE IT!" she screamed, "You and him! I didn't tell anyone-""Hermione, calm down-""I trusted you, and all this time you've been his friend!" This stunning leap of deductive reasoning was Harry's witty contribution to the dialogue."You're wrong," began the only competent Defence teacher that they'd ever had, "I haven't been Sirius' friend for nigh on twelve years, but I am now let me expla-""NO, Harry, don't trust him," Hermione screamed, "He's been helping Black get into the castle all year, he wants you dead too - he's a werewolf!"At this point, Professor Snape burst through the opened door, eyes wide, finger pointing accusingly, shrieking at the top of his lungs, "WEREWOLVES!"So let's pause this here for a moment or three, so that I can explain a few key details to you all. Severus here has, as petty revenge for a perceived slight many moons ago, been trying to convince all and sundry that Professor Remus J. Lupin is a werewolf. For your amusement and mine let's take a look at some of the more notable incidents:It can be observed that whenever Professor Severus T. Snape and Professor Remus J. Lupin near each other in the corridors of Hogwarts, the former will invariably press his back fast against the wall, and fumble in his robes for moment, before revealing an antique revolver. He will then make a great song and dance of checking and rechecking the cylinder of his weapon, all the while muttering,"Silver, got to be silver. Only thing that works on the bastards. Only thing."His eyes then follow Lupin's back until the shabby man disappears from view.The good professor has continued this act for several months now, despite the fact that it is a commonly known fact that silver has no notable effect on werewolves. Next, we have the 'Notorious Instance in the Great Hall at Breakfasttime':Looking uncharacteristically gleeful, Severus Snape threw open the doors (which he had closed but moments earlier to create a properly dramatic effect) to the Great Hall, and strode down the centre aisle with his cloak billowing out behind him like a malevolent dark aura made from chiffon and silk. Walking purposefully towards the staff table, he announced to his captive audience,"In case anyone has need of it, I am currently nearing the the end of the Wolfsbane potion's brewing cycle. As it must be taken daily for a full week preceding the full moon, I advise any who may have need of it to make themselves known."This was followed by a decidedly unsubtle stare at the newly appointed Professor of Defence Against the Dark Arts, Remus J. Lupin. His fellow staff member looked utterly bewildered.Snape then turned to face those in the Great Hall, excited to see what impact his words had had. He was disappointed to find however, that their attention had waned and that they had returned to their breakfast. The other teachers too, seemed underwhelmed by his generous offer.Thirdly, when Remus was taken ill with a slight head cold, the esteemed Professor Severus Snape was the only competent member of staff available to cover the lesson with his third-year Hufflepuff-Ravenclaw class. This did not follow the lesson-plan."Turn to page three-hundred and niiinety-fouuuur."The class grudgingly did as bidden by Professor Snape, opening their copies of The Dark Forces: a Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble to see a chapter far further than they had previously read, entitled Werewolves.Padma Patil put her hand up. "But sir, we aren't meant to start that for weeks! We're starting Hinkypunks-""Silence!" snarled Snape, "So far behind? I would expect first-years to be well acquainted with such harmless creatures. I must admit, I never thought I'd meet a third-year class who wouldn't even recognise a werewolf when they saw one. Educate yourselves." *sassy finger snaps*They had not been reading the assigned chapter for more than two minutes before Professor Snape interrupted with an answer of his own:"The werewolf is easily distinguished among humans for its prematurely aged appearance, shabby clothes, and of course, their otherwise 'inexplicable' disappearance during the nights of the full moon. Nights such as this one for example."He paused for effect, revelling in his own mastery of dramatic technique."Let us now consider the common grey wolf, the variety most likely to be found in Hogwarts' surrounding environs. Known to the precious few scholars amongst you as Canis Lupus Lupus, from the Latin lupus meaning wolf, leading to lupinus meaning wolf-like""Reminded as we are of your absent instructor, his own name 'Remus' is in fact the same as the brother of the alleged founder of Rome, Romulus. As I am sure you are aware, the two brothers were looked after by a she-wolf as babies. You will agree then, that your Professor has a particularly lupine name."Essentially, Professor Snape is not a subtle man.Those assembled in the decrepit room turned to look at the accused; Lupin. When Snape had evened his breathing, he spoke again."That man," he spat, "is a dangerous, blood-thirsty monster! How could anyone not notice the signs? He's nowhere to be found on the nights of the full moon; he looks about fifty but he's only thirty-four; the one thing more commonly found in his hair other than dandruff are the streaks of grey; and his pasty skin that only pales further as the full moon approaches, are all absolute proof!"Out of breath once again after finishing this tirade, Snape took a moment to recover.Sirius spoke first. "Remus, I had no idea! You could have told me - I wouldn't have judged you. I could have been there for you! I'll buy a house, far out in the country with no-one else for miles, and on those difficult nights, I'll hold you close and calm you, and we can live out our days at last in happiness."He looked eagerly at Lupin, whose mouth was hanging slightly open, his eyes not entirely comprehending. When he had regained his composure, he replied,"Thank you, Sirius, for that show of support, though seeing as you are a convicted mass-murderer, I think that most people will be more likely to take issue with you, not me. With regards to the other matter, however, despite Severus' convictions, I can assure you all that I am, in fact, not a werewolf."Harry cocked his head and screwed up his eyes as if in deep concentration. Ron too looked perplexed."But Snape just said that you were.." Harry said "and he makes a very convincing argument. How can you not-"Hermione interrupted him "Harry, don't think too hard, you'll hurt yourself. Professor Snape is correct. After reading all about werewolves traits and habits in our cover lesson, I too became convinced that Professor Lupin is one.""And now let me explain why I am not." said Lupin. "I missed that one lesson as I was suffering both from a migraine and the tender mercies of Madam Pomfrey. Also, I take issue with being described as 'about fifty'! - I may not be in the prime of my youth but I like to think that I don't quite look middle-aged yet! And the grey isn't that noticeable!" he added with a notable degree of hysteria in his voice."Makes you look very distinguished." said Sirius helpfully.Lupin nodded his thanks to his old friend and continued. "With regard to the comment about my skin, Severus, perhaps I am a little pallid, but you're hardly a picture of health yourself. You might want to see a healer - it could well be jaundice."Harry, unable to fully understand the intricacies of this verbal sparring, and seeking intellectual guidance as always, looked to Hermione. Slightly put-out by the thought of being wrong, she grudgingly admitted,"That...does make sense, I suppose. The only proof we have is quite circumstantial." Then, in a slightly quieter tone to her classmates, she continued, "Harry, pay attention now - Professor Lupin probably isn't a werewolf.""Yeah," added Sirius, nodding his head emphatically "I definitely would have known about it. Remus wouldn't keep secrets from me." He gave Lupin a fond, slightly obsessive look. "And now, let us return to the reason we're all gathered here: to kill Peter Pettigrew!""What?" Snape snapped "I came here purely to humiliate Lupin - I've no interest in mindless violence." He turned to the man in question. "Don't think this is over, you beast! I'll prove it to the whole school!" With that, he pivoted neatly on his heel and, cloak billowing majestically, swept from the room.Sirius clapped his hand together enthusiastically. "Righty-ho, then," he said "on to the main event. Ronald, was it? Let's have that rat of yours."Ron looked dazed for a moment."You mean Scabbers? Um, yeah, he's in my pocket. Been lying on my side, so I think I might have squashed him a little bit...hang on a sec." He shifted his weight and then reached into his pocket, pulling out a somewhat ruffled, rather flattened rat. It made no attempt to escape, still sluggish from the lack of air it had been experiencing. Sirius made to pick up the still creature when Lupin beat him to it, asking,"Shouldn't we hear what he has to say first? Wait and see if our theory is correct?""I DID MY WAITING! TWELVE YEARS OF IT. IN AZKABAN!" shouted Sirius a little too loudly."Nice delivery." said Lupin."Why do you want to kill a rat?" Harry asked, only just catching up."Bloody brilliant."- Andy Smudgely, correspondent, The Evening Prophet"A telling work, reflecting the deep insecurities of the authors."- Rita Skeeter, 'Queen of the Quills', Daily Prophet 
