A/N: A depiction of life in the Wizarding World following sixteen year old Antonia Potter. Now a sixth year student at Hogwarts, she is faced with obstacles going beyond the school work, and must risk her every action from here on out while being the 'Chosen One'. While preparing strenuously for the upcoming war, she is faced with a complicated affair with a certain other You-Know-Who as well as the ability to truly discover herself and even accept who she is.(A full and more thorough Bio on her can be seen on my profile)[Harry does not exist in this story, but many of the other usual characters in the spectacular series are included.]*Based off of the events in The Half-Blood Prince.Disclaimer: I do not own any Harry Potter characters, settings, traits, components, et cetera. All rights reserved to the author JK Rowling and Warner Bros.*Rated M for language, adult situations, violence and sexual content.Chapter One: AntoniaShe'd always study the few photos she did have of her mother.It had helped her cope with her less than satisfactory life and the harsh living conditions in the Dursley household. From infancy, she'd been neglected by her Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon, as well as receiving some rather unfair treatment from her husky and avaricious cousin Dudley.At eight years of age, Antonia Rosemary Potter had already understood that life may not be what it is for other children as it is for her. Of course the loss of both of her parents at a very early age and the fact that she'd never be gifted with not much more than hand-me-down socks and perhaps a half-used coloring book that had belonged to Dudley prior, would be given to her on her birthdays and on the holidays. At least this had taught her not to be greedy with things in life, and it even made her a well-behaved child.In her own compact cupboard below the stairs she'd enjoy spending her time alone with the five or six pictures she had of her late parents, Lily and James Potter. She wasn't exactly certain of how they died, for she'd been given numerous stories over the years. She recalled first asking her aunt about it when she was around four years old, and had been informed that they had been killed in a car accident while she was home with a babysitter. After that, her Uncle Vernon had let slip that they'd passed when a bout of chronic measles had hit them simultaneously. Then just a year earlier, they had both agreed on their 'victimization' of a terrorist attack in a local mall they were at while little Antonia was at the daycare center a ways away from the scene.After these odd and likely false accounts she'd been told, she decided to just not mention it again. Better a secret than a ridiculous and even insulting fib, she figured. She had always been a smart girl, with high grades in all of her classes, the checks being far higher than her cousin's anyway, but that didn't mean she would be treated better at home. No, she was ignored greatly in her seven years at Number 4 Privet Drive. She could only guess that it was because she was not their child, and that seemed to make sense in a way. She grew accustomed to her rare servings of dessert and the small portions of whatever they were having for breakfast, lunch or dinner. She had become thin because of this, though she personally valued her trim figure over the borderline obesity her cousin was facing. As for clothing, she had gotten a box full of her mother's old dresses that she wore at her age, and they had actually fit quite well, and she also had half a closet full of discounted dresses, trousers and shirts from the local market, while Dudley was allowed crme de la crme brands and custom-made tops and coats.She was alone for the most part at her school, just as she was at home. The few friends she did make were not allowed to come home with her, as restricted by the stern and bulky Uncle Vernon, and she wasn't given the transportation on the weekends to venture out to their homes, simply because neither of her guardians 'had the time' to waste driving her to and fro.Nonetheless, she was getting along okay. She was thankful for her health, the nutrition she did receive, and the education. Yet, she couldn't help but yearn for the caring of her lost parents. She felt that it wasn't fair that she had been orphaned, deprived of the opportunity to feel her mother's love and her father's protectiveness. She knew nothing of either of them, for her Aunt Petunia would never speak much of them, not even of her mother, who was her aunt's younger sister.On this particular Saturday, she was sketching, referencing one of the photos she had of her mom and dad together with their arms linked around one another and smiling valiantly at the camera while dressed in fall clothing while outside surrounded by crisp and colorful leaves. Antonia had been granted the same locks, eyes and perfect vision as her mother, the vibrant auburn color, long, silky and touched with light waves, and her eyes were large and a hauntingly beautiful green. She had her olive skin and perfectly shaped nose and lips. Judging the pictures, she didn't think she had any of her father's physical characteristics, so she guessed that she may have had his personality.She had this odd scar on the right side of her forehead, just below her hairline. She saw it as a lightning bolt, personally, and thought it to be rather neat looking and unique, albeit her obliviousness to how she got it. She had always kept her hair long so she could cover it up with fragments of her locks while out in public, mainly at the request of her aunt, however, for she didn't want her "reeling in negative attention" from society.She had just finished drawing her mother on the left side of her notebook paper when she heard someone stop at her doorway. Holding an orange crayon firmly in her left hand she glanced up at her tall and thin aunt with her arms crossed and her focus on the sheet her niece was drawing on."Have you completed your chores?" she asked with a nearly vitriolic bite. Her sharp tone had almost sent a chill down her spine."Y-yes, Aunt Petunia. I have."She nodded carelessly in turn, seemingly to scowl at the imitation of her deceased sister and her husband. Turning away to leave her be, she heard her mutter under her breath "Too perfect, she was."Her door was closed abruptly, leaving her to herself again, just the way she preferred to be.All her life so far she'd been experiencing slight yet almost overlookable personal phenomenon. From a young age she felt that she could move small objects just by concentrating on them with enough profusion, and sometimes she could even swear that she had the capability to make certain items disappear and reappear again at her mental command. She had some interesting verification for this on Dudley's eleventh birthday.The Dursley's and their nuisance of a niece had gone to the zoo at the request of the spoilt, overweight and young majesty. A short time after the young girl had just finished her sour lemon popsicle, she spotted her cousin taunting an inhabited snake. Being an admirer of all animals, this bothered the daylights out of her."Leave him alone, Dudley," she snapped at him once just feet away from the arrogant boy. He ignored her attempted assertive demand and continued to harass the large python while it was imprisoned behind a thick wall of glass. She could merely glare at him while he was leant against the transparent shield, laughing drunkenly at the poor captive that belonged out in the wild. Antonia angrily fantasized the glass suddenly disappearing, allowing her rude cousin to plummet right into the snake's pitand so it happened. The next thing she knew, the large boy was stumbling over the low ledge, arms flailing and yells that attracted the attention of the people around, then collapsing a few feet below into the murky puddle, just a short distance away from the long reptile. Unnerving pubescent screams followed that startled the young redhead enough to pull her out of her trance-like state. She imagined it, and it happened. She stared at her hands in a stupefied manner as her aunt and uncle rushed over in a panic to get their son out of the attraction. In the meantime, the large cold-blooded creature slithered out of the tank, then added to the young girl's bafflement by hissing an audible "Tttthhhanks" at her. Despite the peculiarity of it all, she couldn't help but smile at him as he escaped out into freedom.The ride home was not pleasant. While the aunt was in the back consoling her cold and drenched son in a fresh towel that was left in the trunk from their beach trip earlier that year, which of course was unattended by Antonia, her uncle was relentlessly barating her that what had happened was her fault, while she meekly argued that it "just happened" and she "had nothing" to do with it. That's what she wanted to believe anyway, but was that really true?She'd be finding out for sure soon enough when her own eleventh birthday rolled around. Before that day on July 31st however, she had been continuously receiving personal letters in the mail. They were all addressed to her, but she was not allowed to see any of them. They were always burned in the fireplace or shredded to pieces.On one Sunday, when the entire home was cluttered with hordes of letters addressed to Antonia Rosemary Potter of 4 Privet Drive, compliments to the parade of owls outside of their house, she had actually come close to ripping one open for herself until she was roughly taken into her large uncle's arms and lost the envelope due to his forceful grasp of it out of her feeble right hand.Then once her birthday came along, she was lying on the dusty hardwood floor of an abandoned hut out on a small chunk of land surrounded by seawater, when she heard large and boisterous footsteps approaching the door, while wishing herself a happy birthday in the dust of the floorboards. Suddenly, the door was thrown open by a gigantic man who had the appeal of your average lumberjack, with his burly gut and the vast amount of black facial hair that rested at his chest. He stomped in just as her guardians had rushed down the old stairs with a loaded rifle ready.Antonia didn't feel as frightened as she probably should have been when the colossal man came her way after scoffing hard at her uncle before bending the metal of the rifle upwards to allow Vernon to shoot a portion of the roof off. A massive hand was presented before the small girl along with the introduction of the sasquatch who called himself Rubeus Hagrid, Hogwarts' gamekeeper and the 'Keeper of the keys'.Antonia watched in amazement as the heap of a person retorted at her uncle for multiple reasons, one being for not informing her that she was a 'witch', that they had refrained from handing her her invitation to the prestigious school of witchcraft and wizardry, and those awful lies about how her parents truly lost their lives. It was not until after this unusual man had told young Antonia that she was actually a witch, then allowing her to take that in, then leaving behind her family after much debate over her going to a school for "Magic tricks and tomfoolery", that Antonia had discovered that Lily and James Potter had been murdered by a very powerful dark wizard named Voldemort. She'd been warned not to call him by his real name but rather He-who-shall-not-be-named instead.She had been spared from death thanks to her mother's protective spell cast over her before she had been killed. In result, this dark wizard had left a scar to mark his future vengeance. Though her guide had not told her that last part, for she was far too young and innocent to receive such forbidding news.Though dumbstruck as she was by all of this, she could go along with it quite well, likely due to her age. It was only rational that an eleven year old had enough of an imagination left to believe in such things as magic when the evidence is clearly displayed, as she got to see once travelling through Diagon Alley. All the levitation and sights that could imply legitimate witchcraft was verifiable enough for her young mind.And so she met Mr. Ollivander, who after giving a show of how she looked just like her mother, then assisted her in depicting what type of wand she'd be possessing. After going through an array of them, and nearly bringing down the entirety of the shop in the process, she was given a willow and phoenix feather wand, ten and  inches in length, similar to the one prescribed to her mother, in fact."Yer gonna need a pet tuh bring wit ya to Hogwarts, ya know," chimed the huge man beside her as they stopped by multiple pet shops."You are allowed to bring pets?" she asked quizzically."Yup, yer allowed a cat, toad or an owl, Anton-ya. Let's have a look inside, shall we?"Excitedly, she led the way into a shop filled with owls called Eeylops Owl Emporium. Once inside, she almost immediately fell for a pure white owl with bold yellow eyes. She lifted the cage with the owl inside and looked pleadingly at Hagrid. He returned a large grin her way and paid for the elegant bird before heading out to the robing shop. She decided that she'd call her new animal, who was a female as she'd discovered, Cher, after one of her favorite muggle singers.The remainder of that day was spent meeting astounded people who knew her already, enjoying icecream which she'd had few times in her life, trying on school robes and meeting a rather haughty blonde boy who she silently hoped she wouldn't meet again anytime soon, then bought the proper school supplies she needed, while running into a girl with thick hair and quickly becoming friends with her, then eventually going to the station a month later to Platform 9 and  to meet a ginger haired family that seemed to be headed where she was going. After running through a brick wall and nearly struggling in bewilderment to take all of that in, she met Ron Weasley, and then that same witty girl named Hermione Granger who she had met in Diagon Alley a month earlier once aboard the Express. Then she would face a year like no other.Her first year at a school she'd have never dreamed even existed taught her not only of mystical potions and charms, but also that you really cannot trust everyone you meet. The world is not such a safe place, and she did not realize this while residing full-time with the Dursley's. In fact, she believed that there was no place or people in the world worse than these people. Antonia had to learn the difficult way just how contrary her original perception was.She was also struck by the harsh reality of having a duty. She was not the ordinary girl with futile goals that she thought she was. She was something powerful. A witch, one designated to somehow rid this whimsical world of this nefarious warlock. Though at just eleven, she couldn't quite grasp the full concept of what she was born to do.And that didn't matter for now. After another awry summer home with the Dursley's, she had gotten herself into the trouble of her life when a house elf who called himself Dobby snuck into her bedroom to warn her to not return to Hogwarts. With age, she was gradually becoming increasingly opinionated and confident in what she wanted and needed, and she wanted and needed to return to the school she loved. In an obscene attempt to get the young witch to think otherwise, this elf had scurried down the stairs and made his way into the living room's threshold to threateningly levitate the Dursley's prepared array of gourmet desserts made for their guests. When Antonia still stood her ground with her decision, she had to cringe at the sight of those pastries falling onto the man and woman sitting with their backs turned to her. Of course Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia had to see her with her arms in the air, looking as if she was the one to do that wild deed.After her uncle excused that she was 'mentally disturbed', she was locked into her bedroom and her windows were barred to prevent her from going back to Hogwarts on the first of September. This had been the plan until one of her best friend's, Ron Weasley, had shown up outside of her window one night with his older twin brothers, Fred and George. Once the younger Weasley had successfully detached the bars from her window via power of the Ford Anglia, the booming echo of the fallen metal piece forced the witch to move fast with packing up her belongings and hopping into her airborne transportation. Luckily, she was left with no physical harm aside from the light tingling in her ankle from her uncle's arduous grip around her ankle before he tumbled down into the bush directly below her window.As memorable as that event was, it was beaten by what occurred to her at school that year. She'd gotten to truly discover the meaning of stress that year when students and staff were mysteriously attacked on a regular basis by strange entities that she'd soon find out to be the subliminal doings of the Lord Voldemort himself, in younger version.After her endurance in the Chamber of Secrets defeating a massive snake and destroying Tom Riddle's diary, she thought that maybe from then on out situations would never be as severe as this, however, she, again, was very mistaken.It didn't take the Gryffindor long to accept her life in the wizarding world, weird as it was, but she also knew that she was not through with facing challenges and tedious tasks.Especially when her dreadful Aunt Marge paid a visit one afternoon in late July, on her thirteenth birthday. She had luckily seen little of this terrible and masculine woman in her years, but when she did have to face her, it was always quite tremulous. She had always thought her Aunt Petunia hated her to a crisp, until she met Marjorie Dursley, sister of her Uncle Vernon, and mistress of perhaps Satan himself.Antonia, now a teenager, had grown a sense of defiance and self righteousness in her maturity. She had to learn how to fend for herself after making various enemies at Hogwarts, one in particular being Draco Malfoy, who seemed to detest her for merely respecting muggle borns and muggle born admirers, such as the Weasleys.It was a rainy day when Marge was expected over for a visit. Shortly before her arrival, Antonia had been warned by the uncle that she was to be on her best behavior during his sister's visit, if she wanted her permission slip to visit Hogsmeade to be signed, that was. She halfheartedly agreed, knowing she would struggle tremendously with this, for on her last visit a few years prior, the oaf of an aunt had gotten carelessly intoxicated enough to reveal her true regards for her brother's niece, suggesting that not only would she have been thrown into an orphanage had she been at her doorstep that morning in early November those years earlier, but she admitted that it would have perhaps been best if her "doomed-to-die whore of a mother" would have just "aborted the little bitch" before "shit like this" happened. Youthful as she was, she knew well what that meant, and it took all the force she had to keep her hasty comments to herself, and not at the fat, ugly, poor excuse of a lady sitting at the table chugging down a bottle of hard liquor while she herself had to washed extra dishes, and struggle not to throw every swear she knew right at the horrible woman's face.This year, she had the same fear, only worse, for Marge was to stay for an entire week. Just moments before Marge's arrival, she nearly begged her uncle if she could just stay in her room upstairs during her stay, and just as he was about to oblige, her Aunt Petunia refused to grant her the privilege because she was 'needed' to help out with extra servings of food and beverages. It was when Vernon had returned from the train station when she knew that this week would be the roughest she'd have to face in a while."You mustn't blame yourself for the way the girl's turned out, Vernon," Marge informed her brother at the dining table that evening over dinner. "It there's something rotten on the inside, there's nothing anybody can do about it."Antonia fought to pay no heed to her ruthless aunt's words, for she had to recall that bargain she'd made with Uncle Vernon earlier that day on how he would only sign her permission slip if she was on her best behavior. She assumed that meant keeping riposting comebacks to herself.When she raised her glass, initiating Antonia to make like a maid and refill it with wine for the fourth time in less than ten minutes, she stated "It's one of the basic rules of breeding. You see it all the time with dogs. If there's something wrong with the bitch, there's something wrong with the pup."'Bitch!' she screamed in her mind just as Marge's wine glass exploded in her hand, shards of glass flying everywhere along with droplets of the remaining red fluid. After some of the shock value had eased, she mustered "Not to worry. I did the same thing at Colonel Fubster's the other day. I have a very firm grip."Petunia was giving the young redhead a look of both suspicion and severity. "Well? Is she going to clean up this mess?" inquired her beefy aunt with an apparently tenacious grip. Antonia forced herself to keep from rolling her eyes in annoyance while getting up out of her seat to retrieve some paper toweling. From the kitchen, she heard Marge continue to yack on about the wonders of bulldog breeding and gardening.Her speech didn't take a turn for the worst until she began to again chastise just how pathetic the niece was. "Pardon me, but I do like to see a healthy-sized boy," she paused to wink at Dudley. "Ah yes, he'll be a proper-sized man, just like his father. Now this one here" she directed her attention to the girl dabbing at the table to soak up the spilt wine before gathering up the glass bits, "Hmph, a runty looking thing she is. Quite ratty...you get that with dogs. I had Colonel Fubster drown one like her last year. Weak. Underbred."Antonia felt her face burn up in fury, but managed to keep her cool, even when the butch continued her assault. "It all comes down to blood. Bad blood, of course. Not that I'm saying anything against your family, Petunia, but your sister was a bad egg. They tend to show up in even the best of families, unfortunately. Then she ran off with a wastrel and here's the result right before us."In a desperate attempt to ignore her aunt's insultery, she recanted proper broom-riding techniques in her head, though she'd never made the Quidditch team, nor had she wanted to. Though she found flying to be liberating nonetheless, and enjoyed doing it on her own accord. She could only distract herself with her own thoughts so much, however.As a fresh glass was given to her along with the pouring of freshly opened brandy, she went on asking what her father's line of work was. Antonia could easily tell just how tense they both were to answer that. Petunia nervously put that he was unemployed. A hoot of laughter replied to that."Well! Just as expected! A lousy, good-for-nothing, lethargic scrounger who-""No, he was not," interjected Antonia quickly. Silence filled the area around them and Antonia had never felt so livid in her life."Up to your bedroom," ordered Vernon to Antonia, but just as she was about to happily obey, Marge raised an arm and stated otherwise."No, Vernon. She's going to stay right here and tell me of how her parents were decent in any way. Proud of them, are you? Went and died in a car crash, while heavily intoxicated, I presume-""They did not die in a car crash!" corrected Antonia coarsely while taking a stand."Oh, they did, you nasty little liar. Left you a burden on useful, hard-working relatives!" A porky accusatory finger was pointed at her. "Insolent little bitch. I'll have you know that-"She stopped speaking for a moment. Her face began to distort and stretch out, as well as the rest of her plump frame. It looked as if she was being inflated. Her entire body began to balloon out, causing her pearl bracelet to burst apart, sending beads in every direction. Her knit clothing began to tear and stretch out, then she began to rise from the floor, up towards the ceiling."NOOO! MARGE!" bellowed Vernon as his sister rolled against the ceiling making an exit out of the dining room and out into the porch. She was outside by now and slowly elevating upwards as if she'd been pumped full of helium. Vernon made an attempt at hanging onto her ankles, but decided to let loose once he realized that he'd be joining her up in the clouds if he didn't let go.As Petunia and Vernon stood agape outdoors, unable to do anything but watch their guest ascend to great heights while Dudley stood before the new television with his eyes glazed on the screen and spoonfuls of chilli being scooped into his mouth, Antonia took the chance to scramble away from the scene and charge for the staircase after gathering her suitcase from the cupboard to pack her belongings for an early leave.She hurried down the stairs once ready only to come face to face with an infuriated and ruddy faced uncle. Before he could do or say anything that may scar her internally for a while, she whipped out her wand and shoved it towards the red-faced hog."Keep back," she warned, holding the wand directly in his face."YOU BRING HER BACK THIS INSTANT!""No, no, I can't. She is a ruthless dyke!"That remark earned her a whip across the cheek that sent her backwards. "You are NEVER allowed back here once you're out that door!""I don't care! Anywhere's better than here!" she protested once quickly back on her feet and sprinting to the door with her luggage grasped securely in her hands. She ignored her throbbing cheek as she stormed down Privet Drive, then stopping to rest on the curb just outside of a park. A black dog had taken her mind off of those sorry recent events before a bus came out of nowhere.She didn't give much question as to how they knew she was in need of transportation, but gladly hopped on in hope that she would be able to make it elsewhere before school was to begin.Antonia learned that year that sometimes people who seem bad truly are not. She learned that sometimes society can be misleading when trying to define an individual. Sometimes people are framed for things they have not done. Sometimes they are good-hearted and just a part of the family.Sometimes she needed to break the rules and use the Expelliarmus charm on professors who just couldn't seem to stop staring at this girl in particular. Though his haunting stare would at times unnerve Antonia to no end, that was not the reason she sent him crashing through aged and unstable walling feet away. She knew that this Sirius Black was not the man who she'd been informed of, but rather, quite a hero.She learned that people would go to far lengths to reach out to her and capture her to hand over to the resuscitated Dark Lord. She would lose friends, as she had to understand the hard way the night of the Triwizard Tournament that night in her fourth year. She would encounter people in convincing disguises and believe they were who they said they were.Fifth year would teach her to pinpoint exactly who the good and bad people were. Umbridge was quite a vile woman indeed, almost measuring up to the pure rubbish that Marge Dursley was.She would lose her mentor, her godfather. Remus Lupin would struggle to hold her back from chasing down a certain sociopathic woman who'd just murdered someone whom she vitally needed in her life. He would let her go, perhaps involuntarily, perhaps not, and watch her sprint after the faithful follower of her greatest enemy like a mad dog, and she would not have the ability to produce a pain that would paralyze this Black sister for weeks, because Antonia had been taught better than that.Now at sixteen, she could only anticipate her upcoming sixth year. The Dark Lord was back and ready to activate some terrible anarchy, and it was up to this chosen girl to bring him down. As she sat in this muggle caf with that morning's Daily Prophet, reading about how she was fast becoming a controversial figure in the wizarding world, then going on to read: FALLEN FROM GRACE: MALFOY'S WIFE AND SON LEAVE THE TRIAL, she was confronted by a cute tan fellow in his late teens who initiated some flirty compliments, but Antonia was unable to return a statement, for her eyes landed on a white-bearded wizard donning turquoise cloaks and crescent spectacles outside the shop through the pristine glass directly after a freight train sped by.Being the prioritized girl she was, she stood from her seat in the middle of the caf and promptly made her way out the doors, overlooking the hot boy's "See ya later?"A lionhearted smile was presented for her favorite elderly wizard. "Professor." Arms wrapped around the Head of Hogwarts and the gesture was returned."I'm sorry to interrupt, Antonia," he nearly teased."Interrupt? Oh no, sir, you weren't-""Take my arm."She gazed at him, slightly confused at his slight abruptness."Do as I say."A/N: And so her journey begins. Thank you for checking this out. Keep in mind that future chaps will include occurrences and situations similar to those in which Harry face, but with diverse dialogue from Antonia. It will include details from various works of the series, as well as her own experiences when faced with friends, enemies, situations, and especially Lord Voldemort. Feedback would be helpful. Review, for I'd like to know anyone's opinions so far :)-JLM
