Author 's Note: This is the only time you will be hearing from me. I have had this story in my head since 2007, when the last Harry Potter book came out. I think that it is high time to share! Let me know what you think... or don't. That's up to you.As you probably know, I did not write this world or these characters. That was the job of the amazing J. K. Rowling. God bless her and her brain. I own nothing.Astoria Greengrass, for what it was worth, thought that her first week at Hogwarts went somewhat smoothly albeit the giant hole in the dormitory wall, an escaped murderer on the prowl, and Dementors stopping the train on the way in. Of course all of these things were out of her hands.It was her fellow dorm mate Alexandria who had accidentally blown a hole right through the wall. She had attempted to practice a levitations spell that had gone horribly awry, causing her bed to go flying through Ravenclaw tower. A second year, the one that everyone called Looney, had attempted to console Alexandria by telling her it must have been the nargles clouding her judgment.Professor Flitwick thought otherwise.Twenty points were taken from Ravenclaw, and Alexandria was told to practice using smaller objects in a controlled environment. Astoria now sat beside Alexandria as her new friend cried from the embarrassment over her dinner plate."I feel so stupid. How was I supposed to know that it would follow where my wand went?""I really hope you're joking." Bernice Montgomery, another fellow first year chimed in.Alexandria turned redder than the steamed beets on her plate. Astoria sat up a bit straighter and turned to Bernice. "She most certainly is not, Bernice. Any other snide comments can be made elsewhere, thank you.""Thanks." Alexandria's whisper was quiet. Astoria nodded at the wispy blonde. She knew it was tough for someone to enter the magical world without any prior knowledge of it. It was difficult to learn the rules and regulations of an entire society unbeknownst in just a matter of days. Astoria knew that it would take Alexandria her full seven years at Hogwarts to understand everything because that's just how it was. There would always be questions. Her father still asked questions.Quidditch what? Why do we have a purple bottle marked "dangerous" in the fridge? There's a strange bird outside the window carrying paper! .Then again her father was a Muggle. His questions would last his lifetime.Alexandria would eventually get the hang of it."I'm off to the library." Alexandria made to follow, but Astoria laid a hand on her shoulder. "Finish your dinner and try talking to anyone else besides Bernice." And when those words weren't enough, Astoria added, "Relax. I won't be long, and then you and I can have a rematch at chess, savvy?"The library at Hogwarts made Astoria happier than Christmas dinner at Nana's, because this library held new stories. Her mother, a pureblood wizard, had let her read whatever she got her hands on to for years and years, but never a magic book. Her father had almost had a heart attack when he heard some of the wizarding tales. It was just too much for him.Astoria had found an alcove in the back of the library, far off on the left side. There was a table built to hold two studying partners facing each other and a cozy chair in the corner with a lantern beside it for solitary reading. Books lined the walls and filled the shelves.Yes, she had thought, this was to be her spot.But not today. The last person she expected to find in a library was there, sitting in the cozy chair by the lantern. Her hair was pulled back in a low ponytail, black and sleek, her face pale, thin, and sharp. She smiled her half smile, just like Dad's."How's it going, Tori?"The eleven year old rolled her eyes. "I've told you time and time again, it is Astoria. As-tori-a. I loathe this Tori you speak of." She crossed her arms and sat at the table, facing the cozy chair and her sister inside it."Yeesh, Astoria, I just wanted to come check up on you. I knew I'd find you here. And not just because you're in Ravenclaw, love." The older girl stood, as thin as her face and just as pretty.Astoria let her arms fall. "I'm doing just fine, Daphne. But you saw me at dinner. Why didn't you walk on over and ask instead?""Because you very well know I can't do that. I mean I could, but I don't want to deal with my housemates if I did so. I want to help you, trust me I do. But I can't publically aid you with anything like levitating charms."Astoria almost stood and whacked the smirk growing on Daphne's face. But she refrained, made a note not to be so lenient next time, and turned to open one of the books she had picked out. "That wasn't me and you know it.""Sure." Daphne went to go, her green and silver paraphernalia catching Astoria's eye. "Just know that at school things need to be different between us. Don't come finding me. Let me get you."And she was gone.
