Agh! I KNOW I shouldn't be doing this but omg, I was reading a bunch of fanfictions and I was like huh, these are all James loves Lily, Lily hates James, but I haven't seen one about Lily loves James, James hates Lily and now look what I've done. Sigh... I'm hopeless. Yeah, I'm sorry this is another Jily even though I'm working on All Of Me and my other Fairy Tail and Naruto fanfiction. But I'm still not over my Jily phase LOLOh, and I know the title doesn't really fit right now, but I'm working on it.Anyhoo, please review if you likey :DChapter 1Lily Evans nervously sat inside the empty prefect's cabin, waiting for the Head Boy to make an appearance with the prefects."I hope it's Remus," she muttered to herself, fiddling with her wand and twirling it with her fingers. "He's certainly deserved it."Unbidden, her mind wandered from the position of Head Boy to another Marauder. In her mind, his tousled hair caught the light of the sun and shone black-brown. His hazel eyes, flecked with green and a touch of gold and blue, were bright with mirth. His perfect lips, broad shoulders and fit body that filled out his robes quite nicely, and his long-fingered hands with his rough- looking palms from gripping his broom filled her mind.Lily sighed sadly as she banished the thought of James Potter from her mind. She knew she would never win his affections, but somehow that only made her want him more.Why was it that while she was so deeply in love with him, he hated her more than anything in the world?Granted, he did infuriate her sometimes and she, him, but while Lily usually got over it in a day, James could hold a grudge for months. She couldn't even count the many times she was humiliated in front of him and the entire school by having her scream because someone put tarantulas in her soup, or have her sing a naughty song every time she opened her mouth, or rip her books into pieces if she accidentally left them in the common room, or have her robes enchanted so that it would shrink whenever she touched them so that she couldn't fit in them, or simply make crude jokes about her in the middle of the classroom during a test. After all those things and more, she still wondered why she was still in love with him.One of the answers was Lyra Potter, James's cousin on his father's side. She was the balm to Lily's frustrations and encouraged her fancy on her cousin. Whenever Lily was about to give up on James, it was she who would remind her of the reason why Lily loved him anyway, and it gave her hope again.And then the two of them would plot ways to get back at James and the Marauders and gleefully enjoy the fruit of their labor as their pranks took effect.Of course, that also fueled James's hate for Lily once again, although he adored Lyra. It also helped that she was dating Remus Lupin, one of the nicer boys of the Marauders' gang, although just as mischievous as James and Sirius.With a sigh, Lily slumped back in her chair, feeling the train rattle beneath her on its way to Hogwarts. This was her last year and although she and Lyra made plans to become Aurors together, she knew that they would hardly see each other. Lyra would be continuing to stay with her family and Lily well, she'll work things out later in the year.There was a rattle and the door slid open. A familiar figure stepped in and Lily's mouth dropped open with surprise even as the other person's eyes narrowed with anger."Evans," James said frostily, a gleaming Head Boy badge proudly shining on his chest. She saw his eyes flicker down to the badge on her robes and flicked up to her face again."Hello," she said faintly.They stared at each other in awkward silence, then James went and sat down on the chair farthest from her. Lily choked down the disappointment and looked out the window as James stared at his hands, which were lying on top of the polished table.After five minutes, Lily couldn't take the charged atmosphere anymore and cleared her throat nervously. "Um, Ja Potter?" she asked nervously."What?" he asked coldly.Lily bit her bottom lip. "Well, I know we don't get along well but for the sake of Heads duties, can we at least try to get along?" She winced at the way the words came out, awkward and stilted.James was silent for a long minute. "Fine."She breathed a tiny sigh of relief, both for the fact that their relationship towards each other wouldn't affect their work and the fact that James had actually responded to her. "Thank you."He grunted a response and looked up as Remus stepped in. "Moony, my good man!"Remus gave him an odd look. "Prongs, you've just seen me ten minutes ago.""Ten minutes is ten minutes too long," James grinned widely.Remus and Lily exchanged a look. They both knew he was purposely leaving her out, pretending she wasn't there. Lily's eyes dropped, but not before she saw the sympathetic look in his eyes. He knew why she was infatuated with his best mate since Lyra told him and has stood by her ever since. "Yeah Ten minutes is too long of a wait," he said slowly.James beamed at him and Lily's heart twisted at how beautiful it was. The rest of the prefects began to show up and James simply shifted so that he sat closer to the head of the table, but leaving the one directly next to Lily empty. Remus took that one."Remus! I knew you'd be Head Boy!" a sixth-year Hufflepuff prefect said enthusiastically."Er, no, sorry," Remus said awkwardly. "The honor goes to James." He pointed at his friend, who stood and bowed, a charming grin on his face. Waving his wand, he produced a bouquet of carnations, which he presented to the girl, who giggled and blushed.Lily's heart panged again and jealousy washed through her. Why couldn't he treat me like he treated other girls? Why did he have to hate me? she thought.She jumped slightly as she realized that everyone was staring at her. Even James was, although he was steadily glaring a hole into her robes, instead of meeting her eyes. "Oh! I'm sorry!" she yelped, jumping up.The Slytherins and James snickered, and Lily blushed hotly. Remus was holding in a small smile.Lily cleared her throat. "Well, as you all know by now, Ja Potter and I are Heads." She continued to ramble on something about schedules and rules and other bits of waffle that I've heard before from the previous Heads. James didn't say anything at all, and neither did he cause a disruption."So, does anyone have any questions?" she finished.Not one hand was raised. Instead, they all looked slightly relieved that she was finished. "Then I guess we're done for today. Don't forget that fifth year prefects are expected to lead the first years to the dorms!"There was a scramble to get out the door and soon, the cabin was empty, leaving James, Remus, and Lily in silence."Come on, let's go back," James said. "Sirius probably has a stack of Chocolate Frogs waiting for us.""Knowing him, he's already eaten them," Remus replied. He smiled at Lily and left. The door slammed shut after James's back.Lily slumped into a chair and buried her face in her hands. This was going to be a long year.
