My Sizzling Summer HolidaysAuthor's Note: Ok this is the first chapter in what I expected to be a quick one-shot. But, as it turns out, the scene I wanted to be the focus takes some time to set up and I'm sort of running with it. Now, I'm planning on around a half dozen chapters that span the whole rest of Lily's summer. As usual, I do not own anything recognized as coming from JKR. All I have is a plot and some OC's. Also, I'm not sure which of my stories will get priority right now. Feel free to sway me in one direction or the other by reviewing. I'm pretty stuck with both. This story does happen in the future of TSGSG. Thanks for stopping by!Waking up in my bedroom at home automatically puts me a good mood. That's because for the last six years it's meant one of three things. That it's Christmas holidays, Easter holidays orwait for itSUMMER HOLIDAYS! Yes that's right; the summer holidays get me excited, almost as much as giant ice cream sundaes at Fortescue's, Quidditch matches and Black Death (a hardcore rock band, not the dreaded world decimating plague) concerts do.My bedroom at Potter Mansion has, among other things, a mattress that only I've slept on (this compared to the one on my four poster at school where Merlin knows who has over the years), a funny thing my dad installed called an air conditioner (which beats having to keep up a Cooling Charm overnight, especially when it's over 90) and obviously privacy (impossible to attain in the Gryffindor dormitories for sure).This whole waking up thing is what I'm supposed to be doing right now, but frankly it's not going so well. My bed, with the ultra-comfy quilt my Grandma Molly knitted for me on it, is just too nice and warm right now in my blissfully chilled room. Who wants to get up, showered and dressed and leave this heavenly environment to venture out into the sticky, humid rest of the house? Honestly, I ruddy well don't. And why should I have too? Incidentally, my dad is Harry freaking Potter, you'd think if he appreciates Muggle stuff so much he'd just get what they call central air. I've taken Muggle Studies so I know it exists and I'm pretty sure all my Muggleborn friends have it at their houses. Fork over the Galleons Chosen One, we'd all be more comfortable around here. Anyway, I've just decided I won't leave my room for the rest of the day. Well, except to get food at some point if I can't get our house elf Oswald to bring me some. Did I mention I have a television in here? I could waste a whole day using that beautiful machine alone. Mum doesn't understand TV much, but Dad still got one for the den, their master bedroom, one of the guest rooms, Al's room, James's room, Teddy's room for when he stays over and my room. Even I know that's a lot of them and I'm not even a Muggleborn.All of a sudden, my peaceful musings are rudely interrupted as I hear someone turning my door knob slowly. I will my eyes open and stare in that direction as the person pauses. My bedroom door then promptly bursts back on its hinges from the force of an enthusiastic spell. Reacting, I instinctively pull the covers over my head for protection. I'm all Gryffindor I swear."Get up Lily! Everyone's downstairs or coming over soon. Mum wants you up!" declares Albus loudly. So much for serene calm, not to mention that privacy I was talking about.Pulling the quilt down, I groan pitifully at my older brother, who has strode all the way across the room to flop down at the foot of my bed. His emerald eyes gaze at me playfully as he lies there with his hands cupped behind his head. "What are you bloody on about Albie?" I say, both annoyed and confused. The clock on my night table says its 11: 17, which I guess is an alright lie in, but it could've been even better if some specky git hadn't come in and ruined it."Ah, you've forgotten eh?" he says, smiling calmly.What a sweet boy I think sarcastically. And just what is he talking about? I would know if I had plans for the day. As a matter of fact, I had just made a plan and he's spoiling it with talk of mothers and going downstairs. I scrunch up my face with dislike and confusion and stare at my 19-year-old brother, hoping he'll get the picture and GO AWAY."You know," he continues, quirking an eyebrow, "We've all got to go into Diagon Alley to get fitted for Molly's wedding in March."Ugh, he's right. That's flipping today? What a drag. My cousin Molly, who is named after our grandmother, is 24 and works as the Junior Undersecretary to Minister of Magic Kingsley Shacklebolt. She is marrying a Healer by the name of Thomas Hawking who is 26 and went to a small wizarding school in Germany instead of going to Hogwarts. Tom is quietly handsome if I'm being honest. In fact he's quietly everything, which makes him perfect for Molly. The times I've seen the two of them together at family holidays these past two years or so I've noticed they barely need say a word to each other to express their feelings. Seriously, sometimes I really feel like butting in to say something like, 'Enough mooning at each other over the potatoes! Say I love you and go back to eating your food already. We get it that you're in love and have this sort of mental telepathic connection!' Inward sigh. At least they seem happy together in their own way. I suppose that's why their actually getting married after almost 4 years together. Sometimes I worry about their future kids ending up mute though, as their parents are so calm, serious and shy they'll probably forget to talk to the little buggers on a regular basis."C'mon it won't be all bad!" cajoles Al, noticing my lack enthusiasm, "We can all go off and do fun stuff in the Alley after it's over. We'll make a really Weasley/Potter day of it."Big of my brother to put a good spin on something that's sure to be close to torturous for all involved. But that's Albus for you, ever the optimist. "Is Mum going? Is Aunt Audrey?" I ask, still skeptical about the whole plan. Albus shakes his head no and smirks. We both know that's one reason to believe things could be looking up today. At the same time though, his answer scares me a little bit. How on Earth are we going to get anything serious and productive done without the parents around? I can just see it now: Molly and Rose bickering about bridesmaids' dresses, Freddy slothing about lazily as he hits on sales witches and/or Hugo breaking something expensive. I broach these thoughts with Al and he laughs knowingly.I'm just sliding out of bed onto the floor, when my mother's voice penetrates through my pale gold walls and ceiling like a bloody Howler. "LILY LUNA POTTER IF YOU ARE NOT DOWN STAIRS IN FIFTEEN MINUTES I'M COMING UP AND IT WILL NOT LOOK GOOD FOR THE WORLD CUP IF I DO!" threatens her magically enhanced voice. I look at Al and he smirks. Talk about embarrassing if half my bloody cousins really are downstairs. How many mothers out there go to the trouble to use the magical megaphone spell just deliver their daughter a wake up threat? I roll my eyes so my brother catches it and walk over to my dresser to start yanking open the drawers. There's no time to shower with that warning, so it's lucky I took one last night after we had a rousing evening Quidditch match with the gang."I can't wait to just go to the Cup next week so she can stop using it to threaten me," I grumble loudly, noticing as Albus summons my lucky Quaffle off the shelf and begins to toss it about. He grunts in agreement as I pick out a pair of comfortable navy cotton shorts and a white tank top with navy blue stars on it. I hope we don't have to get dressed up just to go in this stupid shop because I'm not changing. Walking over to my adjoining bathroom that I don't share with anyone (so awesome!), it strikes me suddenly that Albus is just hanging out in my room. Not that I mind his company when he's being so normal, but it's still odd. "What are you doing?" I demand abruptly, hovering in the doorway of my bathroom.Albus raises his eyebrows to the sky. "Wow," he deflects automatically, "I just come up to save you from Mum waking you up instead and then I sit down to spend some quality time with my only sister and she's already kicking me out!" The methodic thump of the Quaffle hitting his hands does not break rhythm as he talks. My brother's hand-eye coordination is top notch and I almost hate him for it.GrrrrI want to hit him badly after such a response, but that would only delay things immeasurably. Instead, I change my approach on a Knut. "Why are you deflecting Al? The whole bloody family is downstairs from what I understand. Why aren't you back in the kitchen by now eating breakfast with Rose and Teddy and whoever?" I ask pointedly, leaving the bathroom door partially open so I can hear his response.Al sighs loudly and tells me Teddy is at work. As if that was my real point? I can still hear the faint rhythmic thud of the Quaffle. He is still un-rattled by my approach. "Albus Severus be straight with me right this instant! We haven't got time to dawdle over this!" I demand loudly, while combing my straight auburn hair and putting it in a ponytail. Merlin, when did I get so pushy? The Quaffle is now quiet and so is Al, but it's not like I don't expect this. He's not the sort to just spit out what's bothering him, Rose and I both know that.Only problem is, I've heard my Mum loud and clear. So we haven't got time for the normal course of things. And yet, I wait a few more minutes. As I get dressed, brush my teeth and go to the bathroom I'm hoping this supportive silence will encourage the response I'm looking for from the hesitant male. Finally I come out the bathroom, putting on my favorite flip flops, to see Al poking around in my Pygmy Puffs' cage like I haven't asked him a thing."Ahem," I say loudly, glaring at him as I walk over to my dresser and strap on the delicate silver watch my parents gave me for my 17th birthday last October, "You were about to tell me why you're standing here ogling Casper and Aurora, who don't really like you by the way, when your best friend and the rest of our cousins are downstairs?" I grab my white silk money sack out of my underwear drawer and ease it into my pocket. It feels a bit light, so maybe a quick stop at Gringotts will be necessary after we get out of the bridal shop. I also go over to my nightstand and snatch up my wand, pocketing that as well.Albus eventually turns to me and scowls. "What do you mean they don't like me?" he says, pretending to be offended. Way to deflect yet again idiot. I don't say another thing as I concentrate on figuring out if I need to bring anything else into Diagon Alley with me. It's only the beginning of July and therefore I don't have a new book list to deal with just yet. On September 1st, I will finally be a 7th year at Hogwarts and this generation of my family's magical schooling will be nearly complete.My brother fidgets uncomfortably and I can tell he's on the verge. The clock on my wall tells me its six minutes to my mother's deadline for my appearance, but apparating down will thankfully save me time. I'll have to get Al to take me side-along though, seeing as I failed the stupid test in Hogsmeade back at the end of last term. Honestly, everything would've been perfect if there was an entrance on the roof of the Three Broomsticks. I mean really, what's a dozen feet off the ground here or there? That's what I have a wand for right? To get me out of situations like those? And besides, it's not like I splinched myself or something obvious like that.Whatever, I'm totally over it. Instructor Thatcher was just plain exaggerating when he said my deliberation was off. Or was it my destination? Either way, Mum's been nagging on me to retake it ever since I got home. What's the rush? I mean Roxy passed, so she's been taking me with her and we're nearly always together these days.I walk past Al and throw some food pellets onto the floor of Casper and Aurora's cage, where they dive at the offerings happily with their tiny mouths. Looking at my owl Pongo's perch, it's empty. He's probably still out hunting, so I just put a couple owl treats in his tray so he can have them later. I shudder at the thought of him bringing another dead rat into my room but firmly cast the image aside. One day, I swear I'll get used to his captured prey."Alright, I guess I'll tell you," says Al. About ruddy time I think, replacing the bag of owl treats in the drawer of my desk. I gaze at my brother with the most supportive look I can muster. "I'm avoiding James!" he says bluntly and starts grinding his teeth noticeably."Ah. I see," I say, remarkably unsurprised, "The Class-A tool is here is he?" That's such a nice thing to call your oldest brother, don't you agree? If you don't agree then surely you don't know the details. My oldest brother, the one and only (Thank Merlin for that) James Sirius Potter, International Quidditch Chaser Extraordinaire, has become a bloody freaking, self-absorbed arsehole. I should quickly mention, before I get on a roll with the insults, that I will always love my brother.James taught me things about Quidditch and being a Chaser that even Mum and the rest of the Potter/Weasley's never could. He's protected me from numerous detentions at school and several scolding's from Mum, even though we pulled the pranks in question together. Once, when we were little kids, my cousin Roxy and I got stuck climbing a tree in our grandparent's yard and he was nice enough to fly up and get us. I was crying, because arm had caught on some painful thorns, but he never told a soul. Anyway you get the picture, James is a great brother. Wait correction was a great brother. Now he's a ruddy, soul-less, oblivious, money-grubbing git with a trophy girlfriend.It all started when he signed with the Appleby Arrows Quidditch team coming straight out of Hogwarts. That fall he moved into a small house, 20 miles from the Appleby training grounds, with his best friends Trevor Wood (Keeper) and our cousin Freddy Weasley (Beater). Appleby, mired in a decades-long mediocre streak, had been the only team in the league willing to sign all three Gryffindor alumni and start them immediately. Of course, they had jumped at the chance to stay together and the challenge that would come with changing the future of the organization.In all honesty, it had been great back then. James, Trevor and Fred all tore up the league that season, James in particular. He was still dating his girlfriend from Hogwarts, fellow once-Gryffindor Heather Ramsden. The quiet, smart Muggleborn had dutifully tackled Healer training after graduation and we were all sure they would last. You know, it was like their relationship was in the start-planning-the-wedding, I-wonder-what-their-children-will-look-like mode. They had been friends about nine years, a couple for over three years when it all went to Hell.To put it bluntly, James let fame go to his head. That damn ego of his that I've been raining on for my whole life suddenly became out of control. His rookie trading card for the Quidditch League was in high demand and selling for Galleons more than any witch or wizard had ever seen after he'd set a new league scoring record in his first go round. In his second season, James and his mates led Appleby Arrows to another Quidditch League Cup and then the coveted European Cup, the first for the Arrows in centuries. Then suddenly, sometime after the Euros last summer, he and Heather broke up. No one, not even Albus or Trevor or Freddy has any idea what happened on James's end. All Heather's said, via her best friends Keira Morley & Rigel Wicklow, is that somehow everything changed. Both of them still refuse to say who broke up with whom.In the end though, I blame James. I know great family loyalty right? Screw that. I mean, Heather is still single as last I've heard and has plunged even farther into her work. On the other hand, my brother has serial dated like a player ever since, his newest squeeze having lasted the longest yet, at about 4 months. Her name is Lucia Stradale; she's an Italian model and a racing broom company heiress. As a matter of fact, James now rides a Stradale Cielo Quattro (say that 5 times fast) in all his matches. What a whipped bastard if you ask me."Well...Ah I see!" shouts Albus incredulously, breaking into my reverie with a bang. "Is that all you've got to say? Isn't it awful? I can barely look at our own brother Lily. He's a changed man," adds my second oldest brother. I look distractedly at the guilt and confusion building in his bright emerald eyes and it cuts right through my anger at James. This is hurting Al and, as much I pretend I'm good with staying angry at Mr. Quidditch Star Man-Whore as long as it takes for him to see reason, it hurts me too.I sigh dramatically and throw myself down into my desk chair, thinking hard. Up until now it hasn't really been hard for me to avoid the situation brewing with James. I had already been at Hogwarts nearly a week this past term when the news broke about him and Heather. Naturally I wrote him about it straight away, trying very hard not to dwell on the fact that I'd read it in both Witch Weekly and the Daily Prophet before hearing it from him first. I had been compassionate and un-judgmental in the letter (at least I'd like to think that's how it read), offering him someone to talk to about the whole thing when he was ready. In a way though, James blew me off. His response letter had come over a month later and only included one line about the breakup. 'By the way Lil, some things simply aren't meant to be and are therefore, not worth discussing. You needn't worry about me.' That's what he'd written, or something very close, before launching into some long ramble about how stressed he was trying to pick the right endorsement deals. He sure has a way of making his only sister feel appreciated huh?The first time I saw him face to face after that was over Christmas holidays, at the traditional Weasley family Christmas Eve get-together at the Burrow. He was arm and arm with his girlfriend of the month (Not Lucia) that night and too busy putting on his usual charming show with Freddy for us to talk much. After the party, he brought the girlfriend home to Potter Mansion for the night and she spent Christmas Day with us, opening presents and then having Christmas dinner nearby at my Uncle Ron and Aunt Hermione's house. Needless to say, I wasn't about to tear into him on Christmas, especially when his latest trophy wouldn't leave his side except to use the bathroom. By Boxing Day they were gone, with James choosing to play in an off-season tournament in Spain until New Year's. He got us a bunch of tickets to the final, which he won, and went out to dinner with us afterwards. Then quick as he could say 'Have a brilliant semester sis', it was off to an after party that he wouldn't tell us where it was. Easter hols were a wash; he stayed away completely, choosing to spend time with Lucia and her family in Capri. Finally, last week I saw him at his birthday party here at the house and then again later that night at the party Trev and Fred threw for him at their house. As you can see, it's been too easy not to broach the subject with him at all. I doubt he even knows Al and I are in a strop with him."I know it sucks Al," I agree sympathetically, "Maybe today we could have a real talk with him in the Alley, minus the girlfriend. I assume she's here now?" My brother nods and makes a face. Lucia is a straight up looker, but I get the feeling she's not Al's type. It's probably because she's part snotty bitch for starters. I met her last week at the birthday celebrations and she was trying way too hard to find something we had in common. In case you were wondering, she didn't find anything really, except we like Chocolate Frogs and that we both have our own owls. In the wizarding world that's as normal as breathing air and wearing clothes. I'm pretty sure I have that stuff in common with three quarters of our world. But anyway, maybe I'm just being too critical. Seeing as I'm still a huge fan of my brother's ex, who's the complete opposite of a brainless, model/heiress. I look at the clock again, and we should go down NOW."Right, Mum's expecting us in the kitchen," I say carefully, "But we'll get everyone on this I promise, all the cousins. Take me down side-along will you? Or I'll be getting a talking too from Mum." I grin at him hopefully."Yea alright," says Albus walking towards me, "Full speed ahead eh? He can't go on shutting us out like this forever. Ready?" I nod and get out my chair. Bracing for apparition, I hold out my arm to Albus. He takes it and the room begins to spin, then it's gone.It's a short journey downstairs and seconds later I open my eyes to find myself in our front hallway, right outside the kitchen, still clutching Al's arm. I thought we were going in the kitchen? His aim can't be as bad as mine. I pitch forward a little while I get my bearings and he peers at me carefully before releasing my arm. "Still get dizzy after apparating huh? By the way, I still can't believe you didn't pass!" he chuckles lightly and I leer at him spitefully for both slights. It used to be worse though, a lot of times when I was younger I would get dizzy enough to fall over completely and make a fool of myself. He and James both love to take the mickey out of me for that to this day. I mean really, like I'm the only witch or wizard alive or dead who's had a balance problem? Impossible."Well anyway, I thought that'd be the case," continues Albus wisely, "So that's why I chose this spot, so you get yourself together before going in. Beats looking silly in front of James and Lucia don't you think?" I gape at him a bit and he shrugs. It's pretty sweet of him to protect me like that and it strikes me randomly that he's more grown up then I tend to realize, even if he does still live at home."Yea, thanks Albie," I say sincerely, "I probably would've ended up landing in someone's breakfast." I clap him on the shoulder awkwardly. "But now I'm late for Mum's little deadline!" I add teasingly. I can now hear loud, indistinguishable chatter coming from the spacious kitchen. It sounds like a regular party in there. No doubt the rest of my cousins have arrived.My brother laughs and shakes his head incredulously. "It's not like she was counting the seconds or anything," he says doubtfully.Just then a wave of enhanced sound breaks over us from a few yards away in the other room. "LILY WHAT DID I SAY?" says Mum's voice seriously. Maybe she was counting the seconds I think ruefully, sharing a look with Al. I jerk my head toward the kitchen and he follows me into the din. A scene of utter chaos meets my eyes. I don't even know how Mum can tell I'm not there. Freddy is hunkered down with a plate of food, shouting loudly across our kitchen table at Hugo as Rose and Lucy chat away about work nearby. Louis is throwing food at our pet Crup Quiver, who's barking like crazy, while Roxy watches him. James and Lucia are snogging over their plates, oblivious to all of it. Dom is flouncing around helping my mum and I catch her rolling her eyes at the couple scornfully. Even if I had fallen into someone's breakfast after apparating I doubt the rest of them would've noticed. It then hits me that I can't remember the last time this many of my cousins were in the same room on a weekday. At this point it's only Roxy, Hugo and I who aren't out of school and working stiffs.Mum continues to shout into her megaphone enhanced wand, holding it lovingly like I've seen more than few lead singers hold their microphones. In the other hand she's wielding a hot frying pan full of bacon. I'm not even really sure what she's saying anymore, despite the volume, because everyone's so bloody distracting. "Oi Mum, you can cut it out now I'm here!" I shout, cupping my hands around my mouth to project across the battlefield that is our kitchen. But she can't hear me. That's just terrific. I give Al a look and he suddenly nods like he's got an idea. That's great, because aside from walking over to her and risking a frying pan to the face from getting her way, I've got nothing.Albus pulls out his wand and mutters a series of quick spells. Immediately, his Patronus (a tiny silver kingfisher) flies over to Mum and speaks into her ear. She turns quickly in our direction, smiles and starts gesturing with the frying pan, basically asking us if we'd like breakfast. We both nod enthusiastically and try to find seats around the large, rectangular oak table. I thank Albus for his fast thinking (yet again) and then budge in next to Roxy at one end, while he positions himself across from Rose and as far away from James as he can. I'm truly relieved to see that Mum hasn't got the time or the concentration to nag me about sleeping late with all her hungry nieces and nephews around. Not that I don't appreciate the woman, it's just sometimes she chooses the wrong battles with me."Look who's finally making an appearance," says Roxy, through a mouthful of Cocoa Quaffles, obviously just noticing me, "I thought your Mum was going to bust when she realized we were practically waiting on you. The appointment's at like 12:30," I snort incredulously and start chowing down on the fresh, gooey bacon and egg and cheese sandwich that Mum's just hovered over to me. At least she knows what I like to eat, I think contentedly."Oh yea, everyone's waiting on me!" I retort, "Nobody still eating or snogging their girlfriend's face off or goofing around in this kitchen." As I say this my eyes drift over to James and Lucia, who are still proving my point. It's simply tootoo much. I can't believe Mum or anyone hasn't interrupted them yet. Actually, I take that back. Mum's probably just glad to have her oldest child in her kitchen for a change. Roxy follows my gaze and then abruptly chokes on her Cocoa Quaffles in disgust, thus leading me to believe this is the first she's seeing them at it. Hell, I don't know what's wrong with her, I noticed as soon as I walked in the room. "Obnoxious isn't it?" I mumble, glancing quickly down at my plate as they finally come up for air.Rox nods in agreement and casts her own eyes into the milky depths of her cereal bowl before she can be accused of staring as well. "Their worse than you and Damian with the public snogging," she says incredulously. I throw my cousin a quick scowl, even being compared in the same hemisphere to my brother and his spit buddy makes me want to vomit. "What?" she defends insistently, "The number of times I've seen the two of you at itat least I still said they were worse. You and Damian are great together, it's cute. James and that girl are not." I suppose she has redeemed herself, putting it like that. I incline my head slightly in acquiescence and go back to attacking my sandwich.Rox bringing up Damian makes me smile automatically and I finger the necklace I'm wearing that he gave me thoughtfully. Damian Patrick Gillespie, current Ravenclaw Quidditch Captain and Beater, possible candidate for this year's Head Boy and my boyfriend for over just over a year and a half. Is case you were wondering, he is a half-blood but grew up Muggle, has straw blond hair that barely wisps over his forehead and blue eyes with a just hint of green. In the right light I find they look almost turquoise, like one of those crystal-clear Caribbean waters surrounded by a white sand beach. He's also tall and has a Beater's typically well-developed arm and abdominal muscles. I know, he sounds barely human, but he's also got his bad habits like the rest of us mere mortals.Damian asked me to accompany him our early October Hogsmeade trip 2 years ago, after months of casual interest on both our parts. That Halloween we became official. The last two weeks he was in Ireland visiting family. Two days ago though, he owled me to say he was back in England. I'd tell him I was going into the Alley today, but I reckon this is going to be more of a family outing. When I tell him, he'll understand why I went without him, as our relationship is easy like that. "Oooo totally busted!" mutters Roxy, eying me suspiciously.My best friend is crazy, don't mind her. "I dunno what you mean Rox," I say, finishing my first breakfast and gently sliding the box of Cocoa Quaffles towards me. I eat more than normal when I'm irritated, and right now that'd be James's fault. The man himself currently has this smug look plastered on his face and his arm wrapped around Lucia's shoulders as they chat with Dom. As I continue to curiously observe however, the smug look becomes strained. It appears Dom is basically interrogating them and they aren't enjoying it. Lucia is clenching her pearly white teeth and has her hand under the table, squeezing James's knee hard. I can see him struggling to not show pain in his face as he urgently pats her hand, hopeful she'll take her frustration at our cousin out on something else besides him. I hope he has a killer bruise coming. That's our Dom for you though, tough-as-nails Cursebreaker for Gringotts just like her Dad, my Uncle Bill, once was. I wonder what she could possibly be badgering them about."Don't play dumb with me Lil," demands Roxy, snatching the box of Cocoa Quaffles away from me. She gets very territorial about her favorite cereal. As I suppose you would be too, if up until recently every time you went to eat them at home, the box was a prank filled with brown glass marbles or something else instead of Cocoa Quaffles (real funny Fred). "You were caught up thinking about that man of yours," she teases, waving the box in my face annoyingly.Using my best Chaser reflexes, I snatch the box away from her and pour some straight down my throat. Mmmchocolaty. I look around carefully. Good thing Mum didn't see me doing that. "Uh he's my boyfriend. It kind of comes with the whole being in love thing," I explain to her as I put the box down and levitate an unused bowl over to me from somewhere on the table."Love?" says my oldest brother, suddenly snapping to attention and jerking away from his girlfriend like it's a contagious word, "Who's in love?" I don't even think I said it that loud, but he looks directly at me as I combine milk and Cocoa Quaffles in my bowl and grab a spoon."You aren't really in love Lil. You're too young," he says seriously. The people around us suddenly get oddly quiet. It's lucky Mum's off letting Quiver out at the moment or she'd be likely to witness me hexing her firstborn very soon.'What would you know about it Jimmy?" I snap coldly, glowering at him fiercely over my bowl, "Besides, what about Mum and Dad? I suppose they're not really in love then huh. They wanted to be together by the time Dad was in 6th year!" Now, the whole table has gone silent and is paying rapt attention. Further down the table, I catch Albus's eye and he shakes his head just a fraction in warning. Seems he doesn't bloody well think we should do this here and now. I flick my eyes back to James, who is staring at me and betraying a bit of surprise at the snarky comeback but still deadly serious about giving me advice about love. As bloody if I would take it."Excuse me?" he asks intently, leaning over the table to get closer to me, "What exactly does that mean?" I roll my eyes and chew thoughtfully on my cereal. "I have had my own experience with 'love'. You and what's-his-nameDanny make it out of your little Hogwarts bubble and then have the nerve to say you're really in love," he continues, voice slightly raised. His hazel eyes are hard and dangerous. I probably hit a nerve but that's good, it's a start. "And as far as Mum and Dad are concerned there was a damn war on. It's different!" he adds. Fine, go ahead and use that as their reason I think, one argument at a time. It's not like I don't know any other couples that got together at school. There's Albus and his girlfriend, and Ted and Victorie, who are married with a kid at this point. Also, my Uncle Ron and Aunt Hermione. I suppose they are a loose interpretation of 'got together at school' but whatever, moving on."It's Damian. His name is Damian not Danny," I say with forced calm. Under the table my leg is shaking uncontrollably in agitation. I have my mother's temper and if I don't make an attempt at mastering my anger I blow sky high. "And at least we're in a committed relationship, which more than someone can apparently say about you," I add. This nasty barb is fuelled by comments Lucia made in this month's Witch Weekly, which came out five days ago. She said that her and James are having fun but are still open to seeing other people. Inwardly, I can't believe I just used something written in Witch Weekly to intentionally piss off my own flesh and blood. But he did just make a mockery of my relationship. James's jaw is set rock hard and I can see a vein twitching in his temple. He makes to stand up suddenly, but Freddy pulls him back into his chair with a questioning look. For the love of Merlin, I wish someone else would freaking say something. Back me the ruddy hell up brave Gryffindors. C'mon anybody?In the background I can hear Mum humming to herself in another room as she does her own thing, oblivious to the tension. Lucia wraps herself around James's arm and begins to stroke it in, what I guess she thinks is, a comforting manner. All it does though, is it makes me want to know something else from my brother. "So then tell me James, now that you've moved on from what you had in "the Hogwarts bubble" are you now 'really in love'?" This answer ought to make some things more clear, no?"We're figuring that out," says James evasively. At the exact same moment Lucia says, "Of course we are." Splendid I think spitefully, as she turns to look at him eyebrows raised. Apparently, it comes as a shock to her that they aren't both in love. I probably could've told her my brother doesn't feel that strongly about her at this point (probably never will) and we barely even communicate with each other. James refuses to meet her eye and instead goes back to eating his breakfast deliberately nonchalant."Well then what about what you said in the Witch Weekly article about being open to seeing other people?" mentions Rose sensibly. Finally, another voice makes an entrance into this conversation. I wasn't expecting it to be my quiet, smart cousin but I'll take it. I wouldn't be surprised if Rose could quote the whole damn article, so Lucia better have her story straight. The dark-haired girl smiles and places her head on James's shoulder, even though two minutes ago she was looking at him askance. My brother doesn't bother to shove her off. It blows my mind."I just said that for the press. Both of our images would suffer if the public thought we would never breakup. How many more figurines would James sell to fan girls if they thought his heart was off the market for good?" she explains. All along the table my cousins raise their eyebrows and nod politely. Dom, Fred and Louis all start to snicker quietly. Lucia takes a French manicured finger and strokes my brother's chest. Thisthis snob really loves my brother I realize appalled, that or she's using him to the point where she's convinced herself she does. I used to be able to read James like a book. Even back in second year, when he didn't put me on the Quidditch team I had a feeling that's what he wanted to do, only I'd convinced myself he wouldn't dare. He did dare and things got messed up between us for some time. Now I'm looking for an English translation and he's in like Arabicor I guess literally in Italian.Suddenly Mum walks back into the room, head down, reading something on a piece of parchment. She's probably saved a full out shouting match from erupting if I had managed to get in another question at James. Everyone tries to act like nothing's been going down by grabbing their utensils and eating quickly. "Less than half an hour until you lot are supposed to be at the dress shop!" she says looking around, "Best finish up and not keep your cousin waiting. Poor girl has enough to get on with worrying about." Lucia has extracted herself from James and is rooting around in her massive pocketbook. "Oh Lily!" calls out Mum, as she starts washing the dishes with Rose's help, "You left your white sunglasses on the hall table again." She always insists that Oswald and his fellow house elf Gertie not do them, which I don't understand. She says finds washing dishes therapeutic though. I stop glaring at my brother's little sex kitten long enough to give a Mum an appreciative thumbs up as she tosses the glasses to me with ease.Everyone is getting up and milling about now, discussing whether we want to Floo directly into the shop or Apparate to outside the Leaky Cauldron and walk over. I'm putting my empty bowl in the sink as I hear someone say that Vic and Molly herself will meet us there. Albus has quickly popped upstairs to get his money bag and Lucia is on the phone, hand and hand with James."Say Louis, you haven't seen my new Ferrari Modena have you?" my brother's saying, "Chia gave it to me for my birthday." He squeezes her hand and kisses it. She gives him a half grin as she yeses someone on the phone to death. Louis shakes his head no and the three of them go outside with Freddy, Hugo and Lucy to see it. I'd go, but I've already had theerrpleasure. So have Fred and Hugo of course, but their boys and can't get enough of the damn thing. Besides, I couldn't be within five feet of James at the moment, out of range of our mother, without hexing him into next year. I'll need to get over that impulse soon though, as I can't very well attack him in public can I?In order to prevent this act of violence welling up inside of me, I walk out of the kitchen and into our den to find Roxy and Dom playing with Quiver. "Are we leaving yet?" Dom asks me impatiently, throwing Quiver's toy clear across the hardwood floor."Whenever the boys can pry their eyes off Jamesie's precious car and Rose stops kissing my Mum's ass by helping with the dishes," I say, throwing myself into a large wingback chair. Dom rolls her eyes in annoyance and continues to play fetch with Quiver. Roxy stops playing and starts studying me rather un-discretely. In order to avoid her penetrating brown eyes, I take my wand out of my pocket and start polishing it with the bottom of my tank top. I can't wait until she starts analyzing my row with James, it'll just make my mood so much better."So what do you reckon Molly actually picks out decent dresses for us bridesmaids?" I say conversationally, doing my best to avoid the subject on my fellow 17-year-old's mind. Roxy's eyes narrow and she gives me a dirty look for deflecting, but Dom decides to sportingly play along. The 23-year-old thinks the odds are good the dresses will be decent, considering Molly's somewhat plain taste in clothes. Lucy, Dom, Victorie, Roxy, Rose and I are all going to be bridesmaids and because Tom is an only child with no best friends: James, Al, Hugo, Fred, Louis and Teddy will be his groomsmen. Because he and Tom are about the same age, Teddy also offered to step up and be the bloke's best man. Decent of him if you ask me, he barely knows the guy. Teddy is however very friendly, I have no doubt he'll make it work. Lucy is going to be her sister's maid of honor, which is hardly a surprise considering the fact that Molly makes friends with textbooks easier than she does humans. At the moment I have nothing against this wedding, except that it puts me direct contact with James for the next couple hours at least.I can't believe he was such a ruddy arsehole in there, lecturing me about love? Really? Just because it didn't work out for him with Heather doesn't mean Damian and I are not in love. And while I'm on the subjectDanny? Did he fuck that up on purpose to make a point or does he really not listen to me when we speak? I mean, he even met Damian on Christmas Eve last year at the Burrow. It's just rude, dirty tactics and totally mean-spirited. Ugh, I want to rip my hair out he pisses me off so much. Forget the plan Albus and I made upstairs for some half-cocked intervention or whatever today. Now I don't even care if he goes and jumps in a lake and takes that girlfriend of his with him. I hope Lucia and Quidditch and his new car make him the happiest man on Earth because until he apologizes profusely, gets down on his knees and begs me to forgive him, he won't have a sister that talks to him. That is if I can control myself from shouting at him during the fitting. I will try though, for Molly's sake."So about what James said" begins Rox, fake casual, "It was a bit intense." She grimaces and looks at me, then so does Dom as she wrestles the toy from Quiver's mouth. I wonder where saying 'I don't want to talk about it will get me'? I try it, with feeling, but neither of them let me off the hook. "I'd probably have leapt across the table and killed him" says Rox earnestly, forging past my reticence."I'd have hexed his balls off and then killed him," says Dom, going one further. She flounces her straight silver blonde hair and looks menacing. I get the feeling she's done just that on the job somewhere. It's no wonder she doesn't have a boyfriend. As far as I'm concerned, she's way too intimidating. In Dom's defense though, she hardly seems to mind singledom these days."Mum and Dad taught me murder at the breakfast table is wrong," I say sarcastically, rolling my eyes. My cousins both laugh and eventually I smile too. I realize just because James is an ass doesn't mean I have to be mad all day. Out of nowhere, I miss Damian. He would've ripped my brother's head off to defend what we have. I'll have to make sure never to tell him about this morning's row for sure, it would only make him unnecessarily furious."Oi we're leaving! I've finally got Rose to go outside to the Apparition point!" says Albus, coming into the room, "What's so damn funny?" He looks around at us and ruffles his hair in confusion. We all say it's nothing and follow him outside quickly. On the way out the side door of the house we all say good bye to my Mum and she reminds me we need Crup food. Great, that should be a laugh to carry around all afternoon. I'll have to get it last minute. Lucia is gone when I get outside, which is a bit of a relief. My brother doesn't look half as foreign to me without her at his side. I still ignore him though and he does likewise.We stagger the Disapparitions so that all of us don't show up in the Leaky Cauldron at the same time. Last time we went somewhere as a family we did make that mistake and there was a near riot. Nearly all of us are famous for one thing or another, it's not only James and Fred who have made careers in the spotlight for themselves. Albus co-runs his own magazine. Rose makes political waves at the Ministry. Louis is a photographer. Dom breaks curses and sometimes discovers legendary treasures. Lucy is an Unspeakable, nobody knows much about this so it doesn't make her famous, but we all think its wicked cool.That leaves Hugo, Rox and I, seventh years and still unsure if want to be any of these things. The three of us Apparate last with Al because Hugo needs someone to take him side-along too as he didn't pass his test either. It wasn't nearly as close as mine if you're wondering. There was a painful splinching of his whole right foot off in the process, the ruddy idiot's lucky he can walk and the damage wasn't permanent. Everyone knows he's scared to try again now so we don't even go there with him yet. Key word yet, as I'm going to make damn sure he passes sooner than later. We'll practice together. As Rox and I vanish into space, I spare one last regretful thought to my original plan for the day, so much for just having a little peace and quiet.
