Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, only this variation of the storyDark Grey Smoke"Drip drip drip"Laurel green eyes watched dirty water trickle from the crack on the stone ceiling into the puddle on the floor. The eyes watched water drip from the crack all day, every day. The crack hadn't always been a provider of hours of entertainment; it had once been a curse, another constant noise in the cacophony of bloodcurdling screams and insane laughter that constantly rang through the cold stone halls. After a while though, it was realized that the constant dripping was a godsend. A way to keep him grounded and ward off the insanity that so many others had given into.The cold green eyes glanced away from the crack and towards the hall where a dark cloaked creature stopped momentarily at his cell before continuing down the hall on to the next.The creatures didn't bother him anymore. Not since the "trial" had he been affected by them. Not since his "friends" betrayed him and testified against him. He had no happiness left. Nothing for the creatures to feed on, thus they generally left him alone.He turned his attention to the wall where he had the beginnings of a scratch for how many days he had been incarcerated. He hadn't gotten very far before the days started to mold together and it got harder and harder to keep track of time until he finally gave up on counting.The pale green eyes turned to glare at the hallway as an especially loud cackle echoed down from the far end. Recently his hallway had become significantly more boisterous. That could only mean more prisoners had just been transferred in. When he had first arrived he had been the sole prisoner in his hallway, possibly so that the creatures would only focus on him, or possibly because the warden thought him "Special". But slowly more and more people joined him in his hallway and the silence disappeared. Back when his hall was quiet, he had a lot of time to think, and realized that he could feel the magic in the air around him. On his second day in his cell, an Auror on duty decided to break his glasses. Thus he was stuck in a blurry world for weeks until he finally decided to do something about it.Focusing on the magic buzzing in the room he focused hard and imagined willing and bending it into his eyes. He stayed in the same spot for hours or possibly even days, he couldn't tell, when finally he felt something in his brain click and opened his eyes to find that the world was once again clear. No flimsy frames to stand between him and his life.Another Exuberant cackle filled the hall, rising in volume above the chorus of screams, something about this one struck a note, it was familiar somehow. The cackle was cut short and followed by some loud yelling of words that he could not make out.He lay on his back and looked up at the water dripping from the crack until he fell into sleeps sweet embrace."Boom!"He jolted awake and sat up as a giant explosion rocked the hall. All of a sudden a chorus of screams echoed towards him soon followed by cheering and general noisemaking. He walked to the gate of his cell and peered out trying to see what was happening when with a rush of wind a black cloud of smoke blew through the stone hall followed by a small crowd of black-cloaked people in masks that were yelling and firing spells in every direction. They sprinted farther down the hallway and out of his sight. The cackling started up again and the screech of breaking metal was heard followed by more explosions.He backed away from the gate and lay back on the floor looking at the ceiling. Obviously what was happening was no concern of his. He should focus more on willing magic to end his life.The hall suddenly went silent and he heard lone footsteps walking down towards his end."Who are you?" A cold voice tinted with curiosity asked.Without moving he replied.".who..is.asking." his voice was rough from not being used since he'd arrived at the prison."You do not know of me?" the voice asked.At the question he sat up and looked at the man standing on the other side of the bars to his cell. He had pale white skin almost translucent and serpentine features. His most prominent feature though was the blood red eyes that were currently looking in at his cell with a cool curiosity.He brushed his long greasy and unclean hair out of one of his eyes but stayed silent, his eyes betraying nothing.The red eyed man looked back and glared when he got no response.A Woman with insane hair and wild eyes suddenly came out of nowhere and started banging on the bars of is cell."You will respond to My Lord when spoken too you little whelp!" She screeched.His eyes narrowed in recognition of the insane woman and was up in a flash at the bars of his cage grasping the throat of the witch and digging his jagged nails into her flesh. He felt satisfaction as he saw blood start to well up under his fingers and the woman's eyes bug out as she gasped for air.His hand clenched into a fist as the woman disappeared from his grip and reappeared next to the pale man."I can't have you killing subordinates that may still prove useful"He glared at the man as sirens started blaring in the background."I believe its time we made our exit" the man said loud enough for all of his followers to hear. He turned to leave but then turned back to him as if an afterthought and blasted his cell open with a flick of his wand."You may join us if you so choose" Then the man strode off in the direction that they had originally come from, the woman following close behind holding her neck and glaring at him as he stood at the entrance to his cell. Closely followed by a pallid man with a hook like nose and black eyes that spared him no more than a glance.He watched as the group of masked men and their lord headed down the hall almost out of his sight. Glancing behind him he took in his cell. Nothing but stonewalls, a crack in the ceiling and some scratches on the stone. That was all that had made up his entire existence. It looked small standing from the outside. He watched a drop of water fall from the crack and drop into the puddle below with a quiet splash amid the quiet that was once again settling in his hall before turning his back on it forever and walking quickly to catch up with the pale man.The Dark Lord Voldemort sneered as he strode down the corridors of Azkaban his death eaters blasting things apart left and right behind him. Soon they made it back to their original entrance, a giant gaping hole in one side of Azkaban. Voldemort turned towards his assembled death eaters, noticing that the unknown man from the cell had joined them and was standing near the back of the crowd."Severus, if you would do the honors?"A death eater handed Severus his wand as he walked to the front of the group towards the hole. He then pointed his wand out the hole and shouted "Mosmorde!" and a giant skull with a snake coming out of the mouth formed from the dark clouds in the sky.The Dark Lord smiled before apparating in a cloud of black smoke to Malfoy Manor, his companions soon following with someone grabbing Bellatrix. Soon they were all gone except one lone man who stood at the edge of the floor and looked up at the sky sighing before wandlessly following the magic trail, apparating in a cloud of dark grey smoke and following the others to Malfoy Manor.He arrived in another cold stone room to find that everyone was staring at him."How did you get here without a wand?" The hook nosed man asked.But he just ignored him and went to stand near where the red eyed man was seated who looked on in amusement. Soon the others followed suit. A masked man shorter than the others, strode in through the front doors of the room and joined them.The red eyed man then began to speak "Today was a great success, not only did we break out all of our brothers and sisters that were imprisoned within Azkaban, we also gained a new comrade in arms!" At that the man gestured to him and all of the assembled masked people clapped except the woman."With the death of Dumbledore and near destruction of the Order there shall be no one to stand in our way against taking the ministry and reshaping this world the way that I see fit! No longer shall mudbloods and blood traitors be allowed to go to school with our children! They shall be segregated and put in a facility more suited to them where they may learn to be of some use." The cheering was loud enough to cause dust to fall from the ceiling. "Now since success is just within our grasp I have decided to provide someentertainment if you will." The red eyed man gestured with one thin hand and the doors opened to reveal 5 people all in chains that were shoved into the room by a masked man with long blonde hair.You could almost hear the tension in the air as people started sniggering and cracking joints."Here we have poor Arthur Weasley, a ministry official in the department of misuse of muggle artifacts. Now Mr. Weasley here finds himself fascinated with all thing muggle isn't that right Mr. Weasley?" The man spit at the dark lord glaring all the while. Who in turn just smiled, his eyes narrowing at the red headed man. He gestured to the blonde masked man who used his wand to silence Weasley."Now as I was saying, Mr. Weasley is a blood traitor and muggle lover. Lets see if he loves them so much that he's willing to give his life for theirs?"The Dark Lords eyes glowed, "Now Mr. Weasley. I'll make you a deal. Either all of these muggles die and you alone live or you alone die. Most fair don't you agree?" All of his subordinates cheered in agreement.Weasley yelled and realized he was still silenced and yelled even more looking around the room for anyone to save him. When Weasley noticed that he was unmasked the man started started yelling at him looking directly into his cold uncaring green eyes. Seeing that no help was going to be given he stared at the Dark Lord pleading with him to remove the silencing spell, but the Dark Lord just looked on in amusement."Well if you have nothing to say I guess we'll just have to choose for you than, now wont we?" The blonde masked man than unhooked the 4 other people from their chains and threw them into the crowd of death eaters who went wild. Screams were heard from the terrified muggles as the Death Eaters ripped them apart using whatever spell they could think of, some even using their bare hands.Weasley crumpled to the floor, tears in his eyes as his head sunk."Hmm I good choice if I say myself, as you are now the last one living among the prisoners. " Arthur looked up at Voldemort his eyes watery and red. "And now you shall die alone." Arthur looked around in shock in confusion as Voldemort grinned, "No one said I played fair did they?" And the blonde man dragged the thrashing blood traitor towards the group of masked men while The Dark Lord looked on in satisfaction.The hooked nose man looked on in disgust at the savages tearing apart his former comrade in the order. No one should ever killed in such a brutal and animalistic way, not even Arthur Weasley.Just because he was a follower of Voldemort didn't mean that he supported all of his methods. Severus Snape only recently became fully devoted to Voldemorts cause. About a year and a half to be exact, just as long since the farce of a trial of Harry Potter and the death via dementor of said boy.He had been meant to protect the boy, not let him die without there being anything he could do. He stared at the pale green eyed boy watching disinterestedly from next to Voldemorts throne. Those green eyes looked similar enough that it sent Severus through memory after memory of the boy he failed to protect until he was stuck in his most recent one.He had gone to the Potter vault after Potters death to sort through his things and help decide what goes where as the boy left no will and Dumbledore had still trusted Severus to an extent. He was looking through the books in the bookcases on the farside of the vault when one caught his attention. Lifting the book up Severus realized that it had been his back in Hogwarts, Advanced Potions for the Master. He had been reading it when Potter, Black, Lupin, and Pettigrew had decided to bully him and cause him to call Lily a mudblood. He must have dropped it back then and completely forgotten about it after he had gotten so depressed about Lily."How come it's here though?"  He thought.He casually flipped through the pages when an envelope fell out from within. Snape bent down to pick it up and realized that his name was written on the front in thin wispy lines that he thought he would never see again. "Lily" he breathed and Cautiously peeled open the envelope and read the letter within.My dearest friend Severus. I know that things have never been the best between us. But I always knew that no matter what I would always have you to rely on. You were there for me when I was a child and Petunia kept calling me those awful names, you were there to show me the wonders of magic, you were always there for me all through Hogwarts even though I wasn't always there for you. Then you were there that week after my wedding when I came crying on your doorstep after James admitted that he was cheating on me. I didn't know what to do, everything in my life came crashing down around me and you were the only one there to pick me back up and mend the pieces of my heart. That night between us was special Severus and I wanted you to know that I will always treasure that time. But I have to tell you something. If the information I am going to give you is new to you than I must have perished before I could tell you in person.Harry is your son, not James'. I know I should have told you right after I found out, but James he seemed so earnest when he apologized for cheating and when he found out I was pregnant he was ecstatic. I didn't know how I could break the news to him that the child wasn't his. Thus I placed a charm on my unborn child so that it will look like James. I am so sorry Severus. I never meant to lie to you. The charm will wear off on our son's 16th birthday so please be there for him if I cannot.  Always your friend, Lily Severus's hands shook as tears were brought to his eyes. He had a son that was gone just so some old man could win his feud with another. Severus looked up at the sky."Lily, I'm so so sorry, but at least you're with our son now and can tell him what a fool his fathers been. Oh Harry."Snape looked at the pale green eyes that met his before turning his gaze away, why did Harry have to torment him with those beautiful eyes, even in death.Draco looked around the room utterly bored. It seemed that everyone was enjoying themselves in the bloodshed except for him. He glanced around for someone intelligent to socialize with when he noticed that his godfather stood away from everyone else. Draco started to make his way towards him when he noticed that Severus had that weird look on his face again that Draco had seen on him so often recently. Ever since Potter had been given the kiss of death by a dementor, his godfather just hasn't been himself. He just has no life left. Draco had thought that after Severus had killed Dumbledore he would finally be able to be happy again, but it seemed like even more of the life had drained out of him.He sighed and looked in the direction his godfather was staring and noticed there was another not in the fray. It looked to be a boy based on his height and build but it was hard to tell with the mass of tangled hair covering most of his face and the worn striped Azkaban uniform loosely draped on his body.Draco didn't recognize the boy from any other death eater meetings so he shrugged and walked over to him. Hopefully this one was intelligent enough to match him in conversation at least.The boy looked up slightly as Draco strode over to him."Hello. Who are you?"The boy looked up to meet Draco's gaze and his eyes narrowed but he remained silent. Draco frowned behind his mask and took it off so that maybe the boy will know who he's talking to and be more eager to make conversation.The boys eyes widened slightly at seeing the pale blonde head behind the death eater mask. Malfoy frowned at that. He then stuck out his hand for the boy to shake."I'm Draco Malfoy"The boy looked down at the offered hand before narrowing his eyes at Draco."I know who you are..Malfoy.." The boy's raspy voice struggling with the words.Malfoy recoiled and quickly withdrew his hand his eyes now narrowing at the other boy, "Who are y-" then suddenly it clicked and Draco took a step backwards, his eyes widening in shock."P-potter?"
