Neville's POVI stepped on the platform with my little sister. Technically she's my twin but I'm older than her by five minutes. I surveyed the crowd for our best friend Delaney and my godbrother Harry."Hey looking for me?" Delaney's voice asked."Hey Delaney." I greeted our best friend."Hey Nev, hey Odie.""Lane!" My sister Odette greeted giving her a hug."Hey kids." Her dad greeted us walking up with another family and a boy around our age."Hi Bob." Our mum greeted him."Hi Alice.""Who are your friends?""This is Myra and Bradley Puckett and their son Andrew.""Nice to meet you, is Andrew starting Hogwarts as well?" My mum asked."Yes, he is." His mum answered."Wonderful, this is my son Neville and my daughter Odette. They're also starting this year."Before one of us could respond Harry and his parents joined us."Hey Harry." I greeted my god brother."Hey Neville.""Hello all." Uncle James greeted his arm around Aunt Lily."I don't think we've met. I'm Bob Romero and this is my daughter Delaney.""You went to Hogwarts, didn't you?" Uncle James asked."Yes, I was three years ahead of you like Alice and Frank.""Oh, that's probably why we never crossed paths." Aunt Lily said."What house were you in?""Gryffindor, but my ex wife was in your year but of course she was a Slytherin.""Ex-wife?""We've been separated since Delaney was five.""Oh, I'm sorry."Just then the train whistled and our parents said their goodbyes and we boarded the train. The four of us started looking for a compartment."Mind if we sit here?" Delaney asked a girl with bushy brown hair."Go ahead." She said not looking up from her book.We sat down. The girl stuck a bookmark in her book."Hermione?" Andrew asked her."Andy?" She asked."You two know each other?""Yeah, we went to muggle school together." She said."So, are you a muggle born or halfblood?" Odette asked her."Muggle born."We nodded."What are your names, mine's Hermione Granger.""I'm Odette Longbottom and that's my twin brother Neville and our best friend Delaney Romero.""I'm Harry Potter.""I read about you in my books." She said.Harry blushed."So, what blood statuses are you?""I'm a halfblood." Delaney said."Neville and I are pure bloods."Hermione nodded and asked "So, what house do you think you will be in?""I'll probably be a Gryffindor but I wouldn't mind Ravenclaw." Harry said."Yeah, I wouldn't mind Ravenclaw either." Hermione said."I'll probably be a Hufflepuff since I'm not good enough for Gryffindor." I said."Nev, don't say that." Delaney and Odette said in unison."You two are Hufflepuffs for sure." Hermione said."Maybe but I prefer Gryffindor.""I could see myself in Ravenclaw as well I did get good marks in muggle school.""You got great marks in school, I've seen them on your refrigerator." I said.Delaney blushed."Neville, you have Trevor?" My sister asked."He escaped." I said."Alright, let's go look for him."We got up and searched for Trevor.Delaney's POVThe three of us searched for Trevor."Have you seen a toad, my brother lost his. The name of the toad is Trevor." Odette asked as we walked in a compartment full of familiar redheads."No, we haven't." The youngest one said. I think his name was Ron."Okay.""Are you three excited to start your first year?" George asked.The truth was I've had a innocent little crush on him since I met him. My dad worked with his dad at the ministry but in different departments.
