PrologueSeptember first came quickly, both for those looking forward to it, and those dreading it. Among those looking forward to it were the famous Golden Trio: Harry Potter, Ron Weasely and Hermione Granger. But also their less famous friends Amber Lee was looking forward to the coming year. She had a feeling that it would be a great year, yet she had no idea what was yet to come."Amber Lucinda Lee if you are still asleep I am going to Avada you!" Pansy Parkinson's shrill voice yelled, seemingly from the other side of her Manor. Said witch stomped up the stairs to the room her best friend was currently occupying."Uh I'm up Pans I swear." Amber said groggily, running sleep out of her eyes. The girl had, in fact, just woken up."Always the Slytherin Amber, always the Slytherin. At least tell me your packed?" Pansy asked, almost afraid of the answer."Yes I packed last night after you gave me the 'You're So Disorganized' speech!""Weeell...you really are Amb sorry " Pansy laughed, "anyway get your skinny bum out of that bed. It's time for school!"Pansy ran out of the room in search of her mother, to inquire as to when the girls were leaving.Amber laughed as she got out of bed slowly. She padded over to the wardrobe she had put her clothes in. Scanning over her clothes quickly she pulled denim skinny jeans and a white and purple Superdry jumper over her skinny, 5"8 frame. She may have been raised as a Pureblood but she was sure into her Muggle clothing brands.Pulling on her black Toms she grabbed her wand, shrunk her Hogwarts trunk, and proceeded to sprint down the maze of stairs in search of food to satisfy the hunger making it's self known to anyone within 30 yards of Amber.Walking into the kitchen Amber saw a small House Elf making eggs waffles by the dozen."Good morning Zulu, the breakfast smells amazing. Need any help?""Oh no Miss Lee," the Elf squeaked, "Miss Lee must sit and wait for her breakfast. Zulu did not know Miss would be up so soon. If Zulu had known she would have made Misses breakfast sooner."Amber opened her mouth to defend the slight thing but was interrupted by Mrs. Parkinson entering the kitchen."Now Zulu, we have talked about speaking badly of yourself. You Elves are not our slaves nor servants, simply our helpers. You deserve as much respect as we do.""Yes Mistress," Zulu exclaimed, tears in her eyes after disappointing her beloved Mistress. "Zulu will not forget again Mistress!"Mrs. Parkinson nodded warmly to the Elf who continued to make breakfast. She then turned to Amber."Now Amber dear you and Pansy will meet Draco and Blaise at King's Cross as soon as you have finished your breakfast. I unfortunately will not be there to see you off as Pansy's father's trial is today and I must witness against his crimes."Pansy's father was one of the many faithful Death Eaters that had been caught, and was one of the last to be trialed."No bother Mrs- Helena," Mrs. Parkinson insisted Amber was a daughter and therefore would not tolerate her second daughter called her Mrs. Parkinson. But old habits die hard. "I just hope you will be alright. I'll be sure to owl and check on you tomorrow."Mrs. Parkinson smiled warmly at her second daughter."No need for that dear. But do loom out for Pansy. What with her father and the difficult year you face...well just keep an eye on her won't you?""Of course Mrs- Helena." Amber puzzled over the part about them having a difficult year. She shook it off as probably just the NEWTs.Amber soon got her breakfast off of Zulu. She dug in but the resurface of a memory brought Amber to tears. Mornings with her parents, Mum would make waffles and eggs and Dad would give out to the newspaper as if he could change the news. As silent tears rolled down Amber's cheek she felt a wave of depression hit her.It was mornings like these that she missed them most.After everyone was fed, Pansy and Amber apparated to a secluded area near Kings Cross and made their way.At the door stood Draco and Blaise.Blaise looked like he was glowing with the sunlight hitting his dark, Italian skin. His eyes were on fire and his dark hair ruffled in the slight breeze. He stood straight with a slight pout on his face. Amber knew it well. It was his girls-love-me face.Stood next to Blaise was what could only be his polar opposite. Draco Malfoy. His pale skin seemed to transmit a pearly glow as the sun hit it. His white blonde hair was un-gelled and was waving in the slight breeze. Two pieces of hair dropped just above his eyes. In all honesty he was even more gorgeous now that he was free of his father. His eyes were no longer cold and cruel but almost warm.Both looked at the two girls after Pansy let out a girly squeal and beelined towards the boys.Blaise wrapped his unbilogical sister in a huge hug.Draco's attention was on the laughing, brunette who walked slowly towards him.He smiled as he saw familiar, laughing blue/green eyes zero in on him. Her waist length, honey brown hair was plaited to the side, a few wisps escaping to frame her face.But as Draco looked at her he saw the hint of sorrow and sadness that came with the death of a parent or parents in this case. Her laugh was a little less loud, her eyes a little less bright. But most of all the spring in her step had diminished slightly. And it seemed only Draco could see it."Hey there stranger." A sweet teasing voice said, snapping Draco out of his thoughts."Oh hello there, woman I've never seen in my life." Dracolaughed and stepped forward to pull Amber into a hug. As she wrapped her arms around his waist he rested his chin on her head and closed his eyes."Oi you two!" A voice bellowed. "Let's go we only have eightminutes till the blasted train leaves!"The voice belonged to Blaise.Releasing each other, Amber and Draco made their way to their friends and together, the four of them crossed over to platform nine and three quarters, none expecting the twist that was about to happen.
