A/N: My first published work; I would really appreciate all constructive criticism. Please review and tell me what you think.Hermione slowly looked up from her book because she had the feeling that someone was staring at her. This wasn't the first time she caught him looking at her, and she knew it wouldn't be the last. Usually his face was twisted into a rude sneer or a smirk when he looked her way, but for the past week he watched her with extreme curiosity.She didn't know what to make of Draco Malfoy's new attitude but she didn't enjoy being stared at. First she thought she was imagining it when she caught him glancing her way in Transfiguration but then after he what happened the day before she knew something was up.The Slytherins were walking out of the Great Hall and back to their common room after dinner when Pansy Parkinson decided to make a snide comment about Hermione's hair. The Gryffindor girl didn't look at her or even acknowledge her at that moment because after all that has happened with the war she didn't feel up to making silly remarks and lowering herself to Parkinson's level."Hex me if I'm wrong but by Merlin, Granger, did you have an argument with your hair and decide to chop it off? We all know it was a mess but I don't think cutting it solved your problem," spat Parkinson, "you just look like a sad little boy."Hermione ignored her attempts to wind her up. After the war she made a decision to start fresh. So she began with her hair and decided she wanted a pixie cut. And so she did.Harry and Ron were shocked at first but then told her she looked beautiful. Because she did. No matter how hard Pansy tries, Hermione knew she looked good. And no one failed to compliment her.Hermione wasn't startled by what Pansy had said to her, it's what she heard afterward that really shocked her."I think she looks better than she did before."The comment was followed by an awkward silence, a few gasps and a puff from Pansy who stormed off. The voice belonged to Draco Malfoy.Did he really just say that? Hermione couldn't help staring back at him in shock.He just shrugged and said, "Well you do." He gave her a soft smile and walked off.Now she was in the library and he was sitting near her STARING. Godric, he was as subtle as an elephant in a broom cupboard.She slammed her book shut and walked over to him."Why did you say that yesterday?" she demanded more than asked.He smirked before answering, "That was a compliment Granger, if you didn't notice.""I did notice, and now I'm asking you why you said it." She turned slightly red remembering his words."I'm just glad you got that awful bird's nest you called hair under control," he replied genuinely, "you look good.""Who are you and what have you done with the ferret?"Malfoy didn't reply, he just smirked and looked away.He knew she had changed since the war, but he had to show her and everyone else that he wasn't the same prejudice ass he was before.Hermione was still waiting for an answer, so he simply stood up and said "I need to tell you something, please say you'll meet me on the balcony of the Astronomy tower at eight o'clock tonight."She was baffled by what he said, and then shook her head slightly. "Can't you tell me now?""No, not now," his grey eyes were pleading, but his face remained solid, "please Hermione."She gasped at the sound of her own name coming out of his mouth. Hermione found herself even more confused than she was five minutes ago."Err- Alright I guess," she whispered.Draco's heart fluttered and he was out of the library before Hermione could see the giant smile on his face.Was this because I saved him? Hermione thought to herself as she walked back to the Gryffindor common room. I guess it is it's the only logical reason. 
