Hi and welcome to my new story! I don't really have much to say but this will be an Albus and OC story from the OC's POV.Disclaimer for the whole story: I do not own Harry Potter and I only own Willow and her family and maybe a few characters you won't recognise. I also own the characterisation of some NextGen characters but I don't own them.If you didn't know me you wouldn't know I was a witch. My father's a wizard but my mother is a muggle and I have two siblings who were also admitted into Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.My name is Willow Ava Harris and I'm going into seventh year with my best friend Albus Severus Potter. He's a Gryffindor and I'm a Ravenclaw but the different houses didn't matter in this generation. After the Battle of Hogwarts, inter-house unity became common.Al's other two best friends are Rose Weasley and Scorpius Malfoy. I know they're Weasley and Malfoy but they are adorable. After years and years of sexual tension they finally started dating at the end of their sixth year. Ron didn't say anything but obviously didn't approve. Hermione taught him to hold his tongue. Speaking of Hermione, all she said about Rose and Scorpius was: "He looks exactly like his father without the bitterness and sadness behind a faade of smugness. I understand how she was the brightest witch of her age.My other two best friends are the identical twins sons of the famous war hero, Luna Scamander (nee Lovegood) and Rolf Scamander (grandson of the famous author, Newt Scamander). Their names are Lorcan and Lysander. They both have lemon blonde hair, pale blue eyes and inherit their mother's strangeness. They aren't as odd as their mother but they do inherit a little.They talk in the special way twins can only speak, do everything together, sorted into Ravenclaw and are obviously identical. The only way I can tell them apart is by the clothes they wear. Lorcan wears baggy ripped jeans, muggle band shirt and leather jackets. Lysander wears polo shirts, tight-knit jumpers and skinny jeans. Lorcan commentates quidditch and Lysander is a chaser on the Ravenclaw team. Sometimes I feel like the third wheel because they slip into their twinception mode. I guess that's why Albus is my ultimate best friend.He inherits his father's wild hair and startling green eyes and raven coloured hair. He inherits his father's poor eyesight and has black glasses. He had been seeker for the Gryffindor quidditch team since his 3rd year and smells like cinnamon and leather.Fine! I may or may not have 'accidentally' run into Al and knocked him over so I could smell him but that's beside the point.My favourite person is my younger brother who is set for his third year. His name is Lucas and probably my favourite guy. Al comes second to Lucas. He has a mop of straight brown hair. The same shade as mine, but my hair is a mess of tangled curls. Lucky bastard has bright blue eyes and no freckles on his olive skin.I have brown eyes and a few freckles on my olive skin.Lucas is also skinny probably because he runs a lot. As for me, I have no thigh gap and I have to catch my breath at the entrance of the Ravenclaw tower because there are so many staircases. Lucas would make a prettier girl than me. One time when I was ten and he was six I tried to give him a girly make over. Needless to say he was a pissed as a six year old could get and didn't speak to me for a whole week. For people who aren't as close to their siblings as Lucas and I, that's like a year.I have an older sister, Miranda, who's 25 and engaged to an attractive douche-bag called Blair McLaggen. Two attractive people by society's standards who happen to be arses, getting married. Like Lucas, she has pretty blue eyes and knows how to create the potion to make her chocolate curls tame. She  like Lucas, again  has olive skin and zero freckles. She left Hogwarts with top marks and is utterly beautiful. I hated her. Most people love her and honestly if I wasn't related to her I'd love her too. She hates me and I hate her. It's everything, really. I'm not sure what started our feud but it's grown. My mum and dad know, Lucas knows. Miranda and Lucas don't hate each other but aren't close. In my eyes, that's the only thing which I can rub in her face. It was a bit pathetic.Present day I am in the Potter's backyard watching Al, James, and Lysander and Lorcan frolicking in the backyard. Luna and Rolf Scamander were on an expedition in Sweden for some sort of magical creature. You may be wondering why they are frolicking  or quite possibly why I'm not frolicking with them. These Quidditch crazed boys were fairly well built so I didn't fancy being squished. These teenagers (three of them were seventeen and one was nearing twenty) were not drunk, but frolicking because here they could be 5 year old girls without getting captured by the several wizards eager to take pictures of them for the papers.Being the children of war heroes, they were in the public eye more than they liked, even for the cocky James.Apparently when they were younger, Teddy Lupin helped them scare off interviewers by acting like they weren't the Wotter's (Weasley's and Potter's).I went to join the boys, mostly because I was bored and I may be able to stop them before Ginny Potter became too suspicious. If I was squashed to death you know the reason why.Hello readers of this new fic. I'm new to this website so apologies if this is rubbish! Constructive criticism is appreciated and thank you for reading until now. I know this was a bit short and kind of crappy but it will get better!-bluehairedweasley-
