DISCLAIMER: I DON'T OWN HARRY POTTER OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS MENTIONED HERE. ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO J.K ROWLING.Summary: 'After a freak-potions accident, Harry is forcibly reformed to the age of one-and-a-half-years. If taken in correct doses, he will age back to sixteen with a potion made by Snape  but what's this? Dumbledore wants Severus and Draco to take care of him?! This can't end well.'Warnings: Slash/Preslash. Minor Chan/Shotacon. Language. AU/AR  Noncanon VERY OOC. Slightly-Less-Evil-Voldie. Manipulative-But-Not-Evil-Dumbles. Good![?]Death-Eaters. CRACK?Pairing/s: Draco/Harry.A/N:Most unoriginal plot ever, but -shrugs- My plans say it will be over 20 chapters long, at the moment. Will most likely update weekly, or every two weeks. Hopefully everyone enjoys! Pairings will be added as we go along.PROLOGUE:"We're screwed," Draco announced glumly, staring miserably at the equally unhappy baby propped up directly across from him.The Headmaster smiled knowingly, however; lacing his hands together and peering at them over the rims of his half-moon spectacles. "Now, now, my boy. This is an excellent learning experience  you might even bond! Think of what this could do for both of your lives. Surely, you tire of your fighting, if only a little bit? I assure you, only good can come from this!"The blonde Slytherin, currently in his Sixth Year, sneered at Dumbledore and crossed his arms. "How, in the name of Merlin, will changing his nappy help us bond? I assure you, Headmaster, that the only good that could come from this would be Potter being sent to his Weasel's and not ruining my summer."Albus sighed, leaning back in his chair and appraising the two seething Slytherins. The sparkle in his eye wasn't quite gone, but it had dimmed considerably, setting them both on edge  more than usual, anyway. "I have considered that, of course, but I thought if something were to go wrong he would be in capable hands, Severus."Said man merely scowled, fighting the urge to cross his arms childishly and glower at the old coot until all of his problems went away. He turned his glare on the baby-toddler-thing instead, lips thinning in annoyance when the thing simply blinked his large green eyes at him uncomprehendingly, gnawing wetly on his tiny fist. "I'm sure Mrs Weasley would be a better candidate," he said darkly, silently cursing Longbottom and his non-existent Potion-skills. "It would be too dangerous for me to lug the boy around""WHERE IS HE?! WHERE'S HARRY?!"Draco groaned, unknowingly mimicked by Severus in his head. He sunk down in his chair, glaring at Harry accusingly. "See what you've done now, Potter?! I'll never hear the end of it from them!"Harry gurgled curiously, bare feet held loosely in their respective hands as he rocked back and forth on his padded rear.It was hard to be mad at such a cute, pudgy face, Draco thought, but that made him all the more irritated and he reinforced his waning glower as the Headmaster's door was flung open and two thirds of the Golden Trio tumbled through.Severus threw them bone-chilling glares, but otherwise remained impassive and moved aside as to not be in such close-quarters to them. Draco would have done the same, but didn't dare let them have even the slightest control over him. He sneered, sitting straighter and crossing his leg regally."Oh  my  god," Hermione spluttered, eyes wide and practically bulging from her skull as they zeroed in on the inquisitive baby atop Dumbledore's desk.Ron fainted.Harry shuffled on his bum, shoving a fist in his mouth and making slobbery cooing sounds at the unconscious redhead. He lost interest after a moment, turning his eyes on the stunned girl. He reached out his spit-covered hand, smiling toothily  toothlessly, really  and making grabbing motions.Hermione stepped mechanically over the form of her boyfriend, pulling Harry somewhat awkwardly into her arms. She looked young and uncertain, gently rocking her arms."See?" Draco hissed, pushing away the bitterness that was roused at the sight  Potter had taken to her so well, while he had grumbled and fussed when Draco  admittedly, very awkwardly and probably not in the right way  carried him from the classroom. He still didn't stand a chance. "Just leave him with Granger and the Weasels. He'll be fine."The girl's head snapped up, suspicion and fear morphing her features. "Headmaster! Surely, he should come with us?! We're his friends!"Albus stroked his beard thoughtfully, extravagant robes flashing like a Muggle carnival. "My dear, the Potion Harry ingested is very dangerous on a good day and seeing as it was made accidently, who knows what effects it could have on him? Other than what has already occurred, I might add. Having Severus watch him seemed like the best option and since Narcissa is knowledgeable in such tonics, she would be nearby if Draco contributed to his care as well.""You c-can't be serious!" Hermione demanded, after a moment of silent choking. "Sirius was just released from the Ministry! If anything, Harry deserves to be with his family and friends!"The Headmaster sighed mournfully, "I'm afraid my decision has already been made. Harry will stay in Malfoy Manor for the summer."TO BE CONTINUED...NEXT CHAPTER: 'Congratulations, It's A Boy!'Updated: 2014/05/31
