Dark RosesChapter One'Wormtail, tell Bellatrix to meet me in the ballroom. I wish to speak with her,' drawled Lord Voldemort gracefully leaving his chair.'Yes My Lord, of course My Lord.' Wormtail trembled, bowing before he broke into a run to call the Mistress.'Mistress Bella, the Dark Lord wishes to speak with you in the ballroom,' Wormtail said, grimacing as she strode passed him.'You wished to speak with me My Lord?' Bellatrix asked her head peeking into the doorway.'Yes Bella, come have a seat.' Voldemort said coolly. 'As the leader of dark forces I have wanted to increase our number of recruits. Until I realized or supply of female Death Eaters is limited,' he said gracefully getting out of his uncomfortable chair to stroll around the room.'This includes me because My Lord?' Bellatrix asked following her master around the room with her dark and curious eyes."Patience Bella,' he snapped his head whipping to glare at her as Bella bowed her head in response. 'As I was saying, I would like you to recruit powerful and young witches to be a part of my arrangement of evil females, Dark Roses. Instead of the Dark Mark, you will have a rose on your forearm. To summon myself a drop of blood is required to be spilt on the mark. This showing that even the most beautiful things need to bleed,' smirked Voldemort boasting about his ingenious yet versatile idea.'And their blood status My Lord?' Bellatrix prejudicially asked.'Magical blood is magical blood. I desire power and power is what I intend on receiving,' Voldemort brushed off, narrowing his eyes.'Are there certain witches in mind my lord?''The mudblood, Hermione Granger.''My Lord?''Brightest witch of her age, part of the golden trio, best mate of Harry Potter, powerful, and she has defied me five times alongside that blood-traitor and Potter. What more could I ask for? Her magic is almost as powerful as Rowena Ravenclaw let alone yourself, replied Voldemort not noticing Bellatrix's sudden sour face.'Is the mudblood's presence essential to the Dark Roses?' Bellatrix hissed determined to prove him wrong.'Of course of course Bella. But the journey to become a Dark Rose is as painful as it will be to receive the Rose Shadow of which symbolizes their commitment.' Voldemort said cunningly.'Will the rest of the Dark Roses volunteer?''Some will, some won't. There is no higher honor for a woman than to join this league. Some witches which I also would like you to train would be that Lovegood and blood-traitor Weasley girl. The two of them and the mudblood will have to be captured and tortured, forced into Dark Roses. For families like them, below us, they don't understand the honor. We have to force them to understand, by torture and sacrifice. Losing someone you love is how you learn. The broken make the best followers,' he said his voice filled with malice and revenge.'And myself My Lord?''What about you,' Voldemort stopped glaring down at her.'Will I have to endure the pain and receive the Rose Shadow?' Bellatrix asked her curiosity getting the best of her.'Since you insist, crucio,' Voldemort cackled, smirking as he tortured her.
