Chapter 1- Scorpius I was back at the Malfoy Mansion. That was odd. Why would I be here? I had left this place two years ago and vowed to never return and yet here I was standing in my own room.I opened the door of my room and climbed down the stairs. I could see a little boy with white blonde hair and grey eyes sitting at a table on his own with a birthday cake in front of him. I remembered now. That boy was me and it was my ninth birthday. Mother had ordered the cake for me but had left me to visit her 'friend'. I knew that friend was one of her numerous men she slept with but the nine year old me wouldn't know that. Father waswell I would know very soon.I didn't want to relive this memory. I wanted to tell the young me to not go look for Father and just be happy with having a goddamn cake to eat but I was helpless. The past me couldn't see the present me.The little me got up and started to search for Father. I tried to stay in the kitchen but my legs moved of their own accord, walking towards the scene I did not want to see. I stood outside Father's study and the nine year old me slowly opened the door.Father hadn't bothered to switch on the light but the moonlight coming in through the window revealed his crouched form. I had remembered this scene many times before but this one was different. For it wasn't the neck of a unicorn Father was biting into but it was the neck of a human corpse, that was burnt beyond recognition.I let out a strangled cry, stumbling backwards."What's wrong, Scorpius?" A familiar cruel voice taunted. James stepped into the room, smiling. "Still a pussy?"I tried to grab my wand from my back pocket but my hand grasped at empty air. James knelt beside my blood splattered father and plunged his hand into his chest. He held my father's heart out to me. "Have you ever tried eating a heart, Scorpius?"I sat up in bed, drenched in sweat and panting. The nightmares were different everyday but the one thing they had in common was that James Sirius Potter always featured in all of them. He was locked up in a mental institution but sometimes I felt he was still beside me, always scorning me. I shuddered at the memory of my body feeling like it was being pulled apart.I looked down at Albus who was sleeping soundly. He had spent most of summer with me at my flat, making it one of the best summers ever. He was so freaking adorable, making it hard for me to control myself which explained the numerous bite marks over his body. His messy black hair fell over his eyes and his baby face looked even more innocent when he was asleep.I gently brushed the hair away from his face, leaned down and kissed him softly. Albus murmured something and then his eyes slowly opened. He blinked at me groggily. "What the hell are you doing?""Making out with you." I replied nonchalantly, trailing my fingers down his bare chest.He slapped my hands away rubbing the sleep dust out of his eyes. "We have to be at the Hogwarts Express at nine and I won't be late because you deprived me of sleep with your fucking around!"I glanced at the clock and saw that it was six am. We would have to be at the station in three hours anyway and we wouldn't get a chance to be alone again so I might as well savour this moment. I licked Albus' nipples and felt his body shiver in pleasure. Then I felt a pain in my head."Ouch!" I glared at Albus. "Why did you hit me?""Because you weren't listening!" He retorted. "I let you do it to me all night."I sighed, running my hand through my hair. It annoyed me that I was always the one who had to take the initiative but Albus never made a move. He had told me he had loved me but he still acted so withdrawn from me."I don't mind if you do it from behind." Albus murmured, his face bright red.I must have been making a really angry face for him to offer himself like that and I felt guilty for making him worried. However, I wasn't a saint that I would pass on the offer. Oh god, I was a bad person but I was doing this because I loved him.Albus got on his knees, his arse in my vision. It was a really good view and I mounted him."Ah!" Albus gasped."Does it feel good?" I made my thrusts more forceful, determined to make him only think of me. I wanted it to be that his body would only ever lust for me and no one else."Ahof course.idiot." His heavy breaths made it hard for him to get the words out."Say it." I murmured, gripping his arse."Say what?" He was starting to sweat, as was I."You know what." I started playing with his nipples again."Ngh! I'm going to""First say it and then you can come." I licked his ear and increased my thrusts."Youbastard!""That's not what I want to hear.""I love youagh!" Albus ejaculated, his semen staining the sheets.I couldn't believe how no one had realised how appealing Albus was, but I was glad because it meant I had him all to myself. I wrapped my arms around his waist and hugged him tightly. "You are really cute."He scowled at me, his face flushed. I wasn't sure if it was from the exhilaration of sex or whether he was embarrassed by my compliment. "Stupid."I grabbed his hand and kissed his fingertips. "I may be stupid but I'm yours."Albus' green eyes softened and he laced his fingers with mine. "It's when you say dumb shit like this that I love you even more.""I think I'm turned on now." I started groping him.The sensitivity Albus had displayed before was gone, replaced with him throwing a pillow at me aggressively. "You fucking horny pervert!" He rolled out of bed, moving to the shower."I love you!" I called out to him."Fuck you!"Whoever said romance was dead?
