Summary: After losing everything he could lose, Harry decides it won't happen again... Until where is he ready to go to be left alone? Crossdressing!Harry, Slash, Time-Travel, de-aged!HarryDisclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter nor any of the characters from the books or movies, they belong to J. K. Rowling. I also do not make any money from the writing of this story.Warnings in whole fic: Slash, Male Slash, Mentions of Rape, Crossdressing, Crossdressing Harry, Time Travel, Age Regression/De-Aging, mentions of family abuse, Lemon, Sexual Content, Anal Sex, Rough Sex, Not Beta Read"Talking"'Thinking'ParseltongueDream/Memory/Letter/Journal/Book/NewspaperPrologueAfter everything he'd seen, people couldn't blame him for becoming cold and stop talking with everyone. He had nightmares every night and people still expected him to bear a smile and be happy with his life... Then his uncle happened... He had run that night, a hand suppressing his hiccups as he run. He would not return there ever again! Feeling his owl following him, he stopped, turned and grabbed the owl who flew to his chest. Before Harry could turn around something hit him from behind and he fell forward with the owl in his arms.When he awoke Hedwig was pecking on his hair. Harry groaned, sitting only to realize something was really wrong... For once he didn't recognise Privet Drive... As he wasn't there anymore."Kay, okay. I'm standing." he groaned to the owl.Harry stood, stretching and the owl flew ahead as if wanting him to follow her. Hedwig stopped near a nearby tree and Harry frowned at seeing his trunk. He grabbed his wand from the trunk and did a lightning spell on the trunk before pulling it after him, Hedwig on his shoulder. He couldn't believe he hadn't been notified by the ministry of magic yet. After a while he finally heard a sound, turning to the side he frowned... It wasn't the sound of wings... Harry saved his wand at once and pulled his trunk close. A dog came barking and Harry pulled Hedwig to his arms, tight. There was no way that dog was coming close to his only friend. Behind the dog came a hunter with a riffle in hand. Seeing that it was a person he lowered the riffle and barked at the dog who moved back to the hunter."What are you doing here, laddie?" the man asked.Harry stepped back at once, his trunk long forgotten. The hunter stepped forward and Harry walked back two steps at once. The older male stopped, lowered the riffle on the floor against a tree and showed his hands."I'm not here to hurt you, laddie." Harry took another step back. "Are you hungry? I'm certain the old lady is waiting with a huge pan of soup."Harry's belly spoke against his own accord. Harry looked down at his small body and when he looked up the old man was pulling his hunting jacket over him. After that he picked Harry up, grabbed his riffle and Harry's trunk before walking away with Harry on his arm. The dog guided them the whole way to an old hut."Jules!" the hunter called, making Harry tense in his arms.A woman left the hut and looked at the two with a confused look, before she approached and took Harry to her arms."Go heat the boiler, Alfred. After a good bath we're have lunch."Harry looked down at his body, releasing Hedwig who flew to his shoulder. One thing was a full grown man grab him with only one arm, another was... Harry's eyes grew at seeing his small body. He was... a child!He was taken inside the hut and into a small door in the back. He was lowered on the floor as the woman filled the tub, from the outside Harry could hear the hunter lighting a fire. Finally he was picked and put in the tub as the woman used an old sponge to clean Harry's body. Harry looked down embarrassed as the woman cleaned the wounds that his uncle had given him that morning.-NEA-Jules dressed the poor lad in the clothes he had bought in an old trunk, before giving him a bowl of soup mixed with some medicine. By the time the lad was done he fell asleep and she went to lay him on her bed. When she returned, her husband was looking back with a sombre look."How bad was the lad hurt?""The kind that no one should ever be touched."Her husband nodded, standing and going to grab his riffle."I think I left an animal on the lose.""Do bring dinner, the lad needs some meat in him."Her husband nodded before heading out. Jules looked to her bed by the side where the boy was sleeping.(TBC)Chapter 1/12
