Chapter 1 - Ariana's 6th BirthdayIt's pretty hard to write from a child's perspective, but I'll manage. Please tell me if you spotted mistakes, and I'll be glad to change them.BTW, as the events from the Dumbledores' life, especially Ariana's, is limited, I'll be adding some of my twists here. Hope it satisfies you.~~O~~Young Ariana Dumbledore tugged at her light blue dress and walked past her open bedroom window. She watched as the first rays of sunshine shone on her face and smiled as a butterfly passed by, butterflies always liked her best. Much like how goats loved her brother, Aberforth. "Hello." She told it as she proceeded to tie a ribbon around her long, yellow locks. She always wakes up early and dresses up by herself since she was four years old. Her mother is proud whenever she does it, so she assumed it is a very mature thing to do. But there is another reason why she's so early today. And it's because it's her 6th birthday!She giggles excitedly and skips out, going straight to the room of Aberforth. She happily opens the door and saw, to her disappointment, an empty bed. So that means he's already awake. And she thought she's the first one up! She huffs in annoyance and strode off to her other brother, Albus', room. She knew she would find it empty as well, but she still felt the need to check. After confirming it was, she walked gloomily downstairs and into the kitchen, where she's jumped on by her family, everyone yelling "Happy Birthday!" to her. She grinned and squealed when she observed the room. It's full of decorations! Magical non-explodable, luminous balloons hung in the air casting the surroundings with colorful lights, pink and blue banners were hung everywhere, plenty of food and cake at their magically enlarged table, and so much more! She laughed and twirled around, admiring every inch of the room. "Pretty!""Shall we open your presents now?" Percival Dumbledore asked her gently and she quickly nodded. "Yes please!"Her father laughed and ruffled her hair affectionately as he made a box with colorful wrappings appear out of thin air with a pop! She giggled when she saw that. She wouldn't stop admiring all the magic her family is doing. She couldn't wait to do it herself!Her brothers brought out their gifts the normal way because they still could not control their magic. Speaking of magic, Ariana can vaguely remember the times when her brothers first showed that they have 'magical blood', as her father calls them. Albus first showed the signs when he was five, he made their dinner explode in excitement when he was presented, for the first time ever, a large book. Their parents had been so happy then, Albus told her. Aberforth, on the other hand, couldn't bear to... what did he say? 'Lose' to their big brother so he tried very hard to do his magic. He succeeded a month after, when he made one of their goats levitate a few feet. Their parents were overjoyed, Aberforth says. Now all that's left is her. She didn't feel the pressure though, she knew it would show itself when the time comes. So for the meantime, she contents herself in watching her family do theirs, especially the pretty lights her father does with his stick. He calls it a wand, but she always imagined a wand to be the one fairies handle, with a star on the tip. It doesn't look like it has a star. Maybe he keeps it somewhere? Or maybe those pretty lights are the stars. She would deal with that laterShe sat by the table and decided to open her father's present first. She was confused when she saw a small glass ball with puffy clouds inside. She shot a questioning look to her father, who laughed lightly and said, "That, my daughter, is a Remembrall. Remembralls are things who help you find out if you forgot something. The cloud inside turns red then.""Isn't that expensive?" Albus asked."Nothing is expensive when it is for our little girl.""It's beautiful!" She said as she watched the clear white cloud swirl inside. "And I didn't forget anything!""My gift next!" Aberoforth grinned and shoved it in front of her. She immediately started tearing up the wrappings and revealed a HUGE box of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans."That's it?" Albus raised an eyebrow."Well it's my allowance so why do you care? It's for Ari anyway." He scowled and she smiled at him before they went through a yelling match again. "Thank you Abe!""Here is mother's and mine Ari." Albus moved the candy away and laid a long pink box in its former place. Aberforth grunted in frustration and went to retrieve the beans.She made a disapproving look to Albus and he shrugged. "Mine's better than his anyway.""But we love guessing the flavors, right Abe?"She saw Aberforth flash a smug look at Albus and he rolled his eyes, "Just open it Ari."She grinned at them and started opening the box carefully, where it revealed a brand new toy broomstick. She and Aberforth gasped when they saw it and Albus grinned in satisfaction."B-But that's where the bloody hell did you get the money?!" Aberforth cursed and Kendra Dumbledore immediately rounded on him, "Aberforth Dumbledore, don't you dare repeat those words ever again in this house! You're grounded!""Darn it" Aberforth muttered so only Ariana will hear and she giggled."Well, if you must know, I borrowed some money from mother and she didn't mind at all.""So it's not your present, its mother's! You didn't buy it with your allowance!""Not really, I contributed some. And it's both our presents for her. It's not a big deal Abe.""Why you-!""Thanks a lot Al!" She hugged her big brother before the fight got worse. He smiled and hugged her back before releasing her just as quickly. Then, he helped her get on the broom that's floating just four inches from the ground and they watched as she sped away while laughing happily."Ari! Who knew you're a natural on broomsticks?" Albus complimented her."You'll be a good female Quidditch player in Hogwarts, I'll tell you that!" Aberforth grinned."Now Ari, settle down and let's eat before the food gets any colder." Kendra said and they watched in total amazement as Ariana skillfully dived down to her chair and hopped off before she could crash."And she just did a dive! Are you sure this is your first time riding broomsticks?!" Aberforth demanded in bewilderment."Now now young man, chat's over so let's eat. You wouldn't want to face the wrath of Mother now right?" Their father teased and they all laughed.Not one knew that it'll be the last time they'll ever laugh together as a family
