Hello! This story is cowritten by me (Nice Slytherin), and my friends blackriddle711, pandaforever, and Noble Blue 26. Check out some of their other work too!Anyway, I'm really excited about this story because Rose/Scorpius is one of my favorite ships, and the way we will write the characters is pretty close to how I imagine them in my head (because truly they're too amazing for a bunch of fans to try writing). Oh, right, disclaimers...We do not own the characters in this story, nor the world they live in. They are their own people, possibly in an alternate universe, and brought into ours by JK Rowling. However, the writing (other than some quotes) and the character's personalities (other than what JK has already established about Rose and Scorpius) are our own.I know this is not canon. Here, Rose is fifteen while Lily is eleven, but they should be about two years apart. I just wanted this all to happen at the same time while being reasonable, so I moved some birth dates around. If you like this kind of context, the story takes place in the 2019-20 school year.Starting new things is always hard for me, so please, bear with me and don't quit after the first chapter.So before I finish, I just want to add that we really appreciate comments and jump up and down and start scream-singing them out loud to a favorite tune whenever we get one, and that also we might not have perfect grammar and so on because we don't like to edit that much, and we apologize in advance. And without further ado, enjoy!Prologue:-Rose-"So that's little Scorpius. Make sure you beat him in every test, Rosie. Thank goodness you inherited your mother's brains." Dad glared at a family off to one side. The mother, with long brown waves of hair and sharp features, brushed a cluster of blond hair from her son's scowling face. He had already changed into his robes, and I quickly noticed that the Slytherin symbol, a fanged green serpent, had been charmed onto the breast even though it normally stayed blank until we were sorted. Someone was definitely counting on being evil. At least that's what my father had told me about the houses:"We'll be proud of you no matter what. Just don't get into Slytherin. Slytherin's evil, Ravenclaw's smart, Hufflepuff's well and Gryffindor's brave. I'll send you chocolate frogs if you get into Gryffindor."Hugo punched me and I realized I had been staring in Scorpius's direction. Not at him, of course not. I just did that sometimes. Went so far into my own world that I forgot about the others around me. That didn't prove anything, I convinced myself.That was three years ago. Now I look back and realize that was actually the beginning. The beginning of the most controversial relationship Hogwarts has seen in years.Hugo says I'm a hopeless romantic. Maybe I am. But here's my story, and while it may appear dramatic, it is certainly true.Chapter 1:-Fred II-My sister is insane. The first thing she does as a Hogwarts student is make a Muggle car start screeching at us. The lights flash on and off and it cries "waah, waah, waah" as she backs our luggage cart away from the dent she made on the rear. Puck, her owl, flaps his wings nervously but she just propels the cart towards the train station, laughing. Mum looks around anxiously, then takes some paper Muggle money out from her pocket and places a few bills on the windshield. "I hope that's enough," she says.By the time we enter the actual station, Roxy is nowhere to be seen, lost in the sea of Muggles trying to catch their train. We push through the throng until we are between platforms nine and ten, and get there just in time to watch my sister thrust the cart towards the wall until it seems to go straight into it, then sprint through it herself, squealing. I peer across my teetering stack of luggage to see Muggles staring at the section of the wall where she disappeared. It took a few minutes before Mum deemed it safe for the rest of us to enter platform nine and three quarters inconspicuously.We struggle past anxious first years already in their brand-new, jet black robes, second years reuniting with friends, relieved to not be alone this time around, third years babbling about new courses, fourth years abandoning their parents to tease younger kids, proud fifth years with prefect badges pinned to their chests, solemn sixth years comparing O.W.L. grades, and seventh years returning to their home-away-from home, but for the last time. "Ah, Harry!" Dad grins as we come to stand in front of my uncle and his family. "Are Ron and Hermione here yet?""No, not yet. Hi Freddie," Aunt Ginny says to me."Is Roxane excited and ready for Hogwarts?" Uncle Harry asks."Excited, maybe. Ready, I'm not as sure." Everyone laughs. They know Roxy. "And Lily?""Oh, she's been packed for weeks." More laughs. They know Lily too. "Right now she's with her brothers. I'm a bit worried that they find her clingy, but it's sweet how she adores them."The volume peaks at the end of the platform. Harry looks down at his watch. "It's time," he says as the Hogwarts Express pulls in.Lily, a petite redhead with bright eyes who looks just like her mother, dashes towards us. Her father helps her get her trunk down from the cart. "Got everything?"Then Mum and Dad look at each other. They're probably determined to find Roxy and cover her with kisses, but my main concern is that she has the cart carrying my bags. I do not trust her with what I'll have to live off of until December, especially my gigantic stash of chocolate frogs.But you have to give her some credit, because by the time most of the crowd has cleared (since they're already on board) she appears, breathless. She drops my luggage on my toes and takes her own, then kisses each of our parents on the cheek. "Bye!" Roxy says as she climbs onto the train.By now I'm one of the only kids still on the platform. I hug my parents. "Keep an eye on your sister, please," Dad says. "Wouldn't want her to turn out like me and-" He stops, but smiles at me. I get onto the train just in time- the doors close on their own and a hoot that makes me cringe signals I should probably grab hold of something. The train shudders, then starts to chug steadily. I put my nose to a window to grin back at my waving parents. It's only when I can't see the station anymore that I roll my trunk down the corridor to find my friends."Another year, another adventure, eh?" James says."That sounds exactly like the kind of thing you'd say," Molly laughs.After some psychological tug-of-war, I grudgingly stand up and open my trunk. "Chocolate frogs, anyone?"
