Prologue  In the time of the founders Hega Hufflepuff, the founder of Hogwarts school of magic sat in her 'chambers' surrounded by several colorful and odd-shaped artifacts of great magical value. Unlike what most people thought of her, she was slightly on the plump side yet pleasant especially in that earth brown robes she wore. It was simple without much real work except for the fashionable wave-like thread work on the borders in yellow. Her eyes though was the reflection of her real value, deep and dark but with tint of warmth in them. The seat itself was a soft and crunchy arm-chair made with white and pink flowers but a highly battered up one, in her undecorated yet clean hands though was a long parchment. Mostly looked like a letter by its length this was the scene he walked into!The man with a think and long face attached to an equally thin and longish body, covered in fashionable robes made of fine green china silk, stitched to perfection and fitting. He adored it further with a thick gold chain and an egg sized emerald pendent hanging from it. The border was set with beautiful thread work in a neat running stick. "Hello my dear Helga how are you?""I am fine Salazar, where are the children?" she asked internally sighing, "Ahh they are out in the field practicing for their advance flying techniques. Who wrote that novel in your hand?""It is not a novel my dear, it is a letter. Raheena sent it to me if you must know." She replied showing the man to the seat there, a large three seater sofa made of rose wood and blue cushions, "I hate these strange couches you have, so unfashionable and not to mention extremely old. It is terrible! All right its soft but it is terrible extremely! Over the limit soft!""I am sure you did not come over for the expert opinion on my mothers furniture. Can you please tell me why you came over?" she pushed irritated, "Aah nothing, I was a little""Salazar!" she snapped, "All right I came to actually speak about the mud-bloods. I was hoping that you would be ready to see why I so firmly object to them.""If you are talking about the incident with that Richmond girl again then let me make something very clear. Very very clear the answer is no, we need to save those children and bring them to our society. They need to be protected, them and their power. They need to know, they need to be trained and more importantly they need to be accepted." She replied power oozing through her tone, cold anger blazed through her voice which seemed to suddenly shoot up as she got up, "Don't be stupid Salazar. Let me make something very very clear to you. I know how badly you feel about this and how badly you feel about everything that happened but the answer is still no. I am not going to vote for the children of muggles parentage to be excluded from my school the Richmond girl was the best example. It is several cases like her that I wanted to avoid and make sure they also have a chance to live. A chance to learn and in turn a chance to work as a witch or wizard some place. I want them to enjoy that chance. All right! Now get out!""Please think about what I said deeply before the final vote." She nodded, "I have listened to what you have in hand. I would like to take my own decisions though, oh hello Godric I was just about to request you to come over.""Hello Helga." He replied and the other man got up from the seat, "I think it is my cue to leave then. Godric.""No your not Salazar, I accept we may see differently on certain things but not everything. There are things we accept upon, do we not?" he nodded, "Yes thank you now could you please sit down and help us out with this letter Reeina has sent Helga.""You mean that novel sent to Helga? Are you crazy? The answer is no I hate reading those things you know that! The only reason I said yes to founding this school is because you told me I can get to work with children. More importantly I am a teacher and mentor not a consultant of dimwitted seers who know nothing about what they see." He snapped in a child like way, "Salazar! They are not dimwitted look at Rowena she is also a seer but she is not like them is she?""I was talking about the dimwitted ones not powerful ones. Come on Godric!" Helga interrupted the banter instantly, "Just read it will you?"Both the founders bent over and read the work, facinated.Helga,I hope this letter finds you in good health. There is something strange going on, so many signs and symbols are setting themselves around us. I see it both astronomically and in nature too some are even as terrible as incidents. I wish to discuss it with you further in person.The only understanding I have at hand though is that there is another 'witch hunt' that shall arise soon. It is growing bigger and there shall be more killings untill and unless the children are saved. Our own community is making the preparations to go in hiding, which I must say is perfect. The new spell for secrecy has been aiding us greatly and the astronomical time for our magical land occupations are nearly ready.Though the real concern I have at the moment is not the muggles head hunt set upon us. I claim it is not a grave concern both because of the methodological preparatory methods for our own towns areas and homes against the astronomical signs of safety. The concern I speak of is the effect it has upon the minds of wizard families who are to go into hiding. I have seen this in the birth of seval children within the realms of wizard families combined with the sudden harvesting of ingredients generally used in healthy fetus potions, fertility potions and not to mention magic enhancing potions. Though how much magic can be enhanced due to those new found potions are beyond my understandin.My point is that there is a pattern. Wizards are trying to fight the muggles' by growing them selves in number. I have also seen a few terrible situations were many muggles born children are marrying within their realms such as the Malfoy family, the Grunt family, the Potter family, the Black family and even the Nut and Goyal family. My point is that they seem to try and capture magic within magical families.That comes to something else I needed to share with you  a prophesy. It is this prophesy which causes the most fear within me for it links all that I have seen and understood.Darkness line,It begins slowly,Only to grow,Quickly!Time shall take it's turn,Blood shall become rivers again,Light shall soon turn to dark again,As the flag of the dark unites with the flower of the demons,Bloom will she the child of the dark,Redeemer of the light will she be,Dark in powers will she be,As time takes its turn.Born from darkness,Burn will she in the dark flames,Grow will she with darkness within her,Yet reach will she to the light far beyond her,Fuze with her will the forces of the light into three,Compleat will she the directions four,Rip will she the difference!So is her power,So is her strength,So is her soul,So it is written,So it will be done,So will she bloom,So will she wither!Guard will her the children of the light,Guard will her the spawns of the dark,Strengthening will she those weak,As powers guard her very birth.Open will she the tunnels dark,enlightening with it will she.Helga, this girl she is powerful, intelligent and far from nave so nobody can manipulate her. She is the deciding vote, the coin of fate  which she supports will the which wins. Beware!Stop the turn of events if neededWith great regards,Reina at least one of them did the other yawned his way through it and finally claimed, "I have read it and I have not understood a word. If she wants to send love poems ask her to send it on perfumed parchments and better inks. Not these these these road sales parchments."The other two rolled their eyes! Though unaware to either of them within the mind of the third was a fear  was the secret he had created a part of this prophesy. Was he truly going into the dark realms? Was he no it was not possible. Never!A.N: please review I am an aspiring writer and your reviews could really help me!
