Summary: Everybody lies. It's the only truth sometimes. Doesn't matter if it's out there somewhere waiting for the world to find. Or buried deep inside. Everybody lies. - Jason Walker/ Harry Potter has a twin sister clich. Not a twin bashing story.A/N: All outfits are on my profile. A picture of Harry and Val are on a polyvore account, but there will be a link on my profile under Everybody Lies.A/N: Disclaimer: I don't own the Harry Potter world. All rights go to J. and Warner Bros. I only own Valyn Adar Donelle Potter. (Pronounced: Val-YIN A-dar Don-el (like belle, the 'e' is silent) Potter.)Reviews are always appreciated!Chapter One: The AttackLily Potter never thought there would be a day where she could look at James Potter without wanting to strangle him. When she first met him on the train, he was every inch the arrogant toe-rag she accused him of being nearly everyday at Hogwarts. Now, when she looks at him, love swells in her heart. It is profound and humbling to know you never truly know anyone until you give them the chance to be themselves. Wearing a wedding dress, looking at the man James Potter has become, she knows she can do this."I do." Her strong voice rings out into the silent air. She gazes at the man that she has just become married to, and she feels not an ounce of regret. This is the man she loves. There is no doubt, because everything feels right. Feels true. Looking at James Potter, seeing his hazel eyes dance with love and mischief, she feels complete. She feels like her magic is settled and content for the first time in a long time. As she turns and faces the crowd of friends and family, she knows...this is who she is meant to be. This is her place, by his side. Forever by the man she loves.July 31st, 1980 - St. Mungo's - Emergency Room"Aahhhh!" Lily Potter screams."Hold her legs!""Keep her steady!""Will someone please get this woman a Pain Relief Potion!""The baby is coming!""I can see the head!"A few seconds later, a wail cuts the air. The medi-witch rushes forward with a towel, while the doctor examines Lily."It's a boy!" The medi-witch gently wipes the little boy clean with a towel, as after the first few hours of birth, baby skin is extremely resistant to magic and could harm the baby's magical core. Just as the medi-witch finishes wrapping the baby in a blue blanket and starts to hand him to Lily, the doctor freezes in shock."Wait! There is another baby in here!" This, of course stirs up a big fuss. The baby is taken out to James Potter with nary a word before the medi-witch rushes back into the room, leaving a confused and ecstatic father in the waiting room. She is greeted with chaos."Puckle! Get over here!" The poor medi-witch rushed over to him and assisted him with the birth of the unexpected second child. After a few minutes of hard grueling work, the doctor managed to stabilize Lily. He then sighed, motioned for the medi-witches to keep watch over Lily Potter before going out to explain to the now frantic husband James Potter."What!" Disbelief lent an entirely new color to James Potter's outrage. The doctor sighed once more and pushed his glasses back up on the bridge of his nose as he prepared to explain it again."Your wife is having twins. Your first child (here James interrupted to testily inform the man his son's name was to be Harrison "Harry" James Potter) was, for lack of a better term, hiding this other child. The baby is not quite ready to be born yet, and any attempts to force this child to be born has a high chance of resulting in the death of your wife along with your second child. She-""She?" A now pale James cuts in."I'm having a daughter?" The man sighs before nodding. James silent hands a sleeping Harry over to an also silent Sirius and Remus and sits down abruptly. Remus, seeing his best friend was not feeling up to questioning the man anymore, stepped in to ask the question they all were thinking."Will Lily and the child be alright?" James casts his friend a thankful look before looking eagerly at the doctor."Yes, they both will be fine as long as we don't try to rush the birth. By my estimations, your daughter will be born in a day or two. Now, you may go in and see your wife, but be sure that nothing over-excites her. It could cause her to go into birth before either of them are ready." James, Remus and Sirius all nod frantically before rushing into the hospital room. Their steps slow when they notice Lily laying limply in the hospital bed, the medi-witches bustling around her."Lil's?" James whispers. She hears him and looks up, green eyes sparkling with love dulled by exhaustion."I am not dead or dying, James. You don't have to be so quiet." She admonishes. James's face breaks out into a wide grin as he rushes over to her side."So...you have anything to tell us?" James asks playfully. Lily rolls her eyes with a fond smile."Yes James, I do have something to tell you. Your unborn daughter and I have been conspiring against you." Sirius lets out an oddly dog-like bark of laughter and Remus shakes his head, laughter in his gleaming amber eyes. James gasps dramatically and grabs his chest."I knew it!" He points at Lily, an accusing look on his face. He gets up and staggers to the side. Sirius hands Harry to Remus and leaps at James, transforming into Padfoot mid-air. He lands on James and they tussle for a couple of seconds, much to the amusement Lily and Remus, who share fond smiles before watching the pair on the ground."What on earth is going on here?!" James and Sirius freeze before slowly glancing up at the furious medi-witch."Uh, nothing?" James weakly smiles. Sirius lets a doggy snort of laughter at James and gets off him."Why is there a dirty mutt in my hospital?" She asks dangerously. Sirius whines piteously before trotting over to her, his tongue lolling out of his mouth in a charming doggy grin. He rolls over on the ground and paws at the air to get her to pet him. She stares down stonily at him before looking at Remus.Grinning sheepishly he shrugs. "Family pet?" He offers up. She sniffs haughtily before turning on her heel and leaving the room. Sirius transforms and the two Marauders share a laughing grin before helping each other up."Where's our son?" Lily asks, trying to lift herself in a sitting position. James immediately rushes to her side, only for her to brush off his hands with an exasperated look. "Can I see him or is that also against the rules now?" She snaps at him. James brushes a kiss against her head and she cups his cheek, a fond smile on her lips. Remus steps forward with Harry in his arms and hands him to her.The look on Lily's face as she saw her son for the first time was unforgettable. She snaps out of her daze when a bright light flashes. She rolls her eyes and glares at James, who was lowering a camera from his face. Before she can say anything though, Harry opens his mouth in a tiny yawn and reaches out with one tiny fist. He grabs Lily's pointer finger and sleepily opens his emerald-green eyes.Lily's breath catches in her through as her eyes meet her son's for the first time. He smiles at her, and Lily falls. James can't help the swell of emotion in his throat and he pulls her into a hug, their son carefully cradled between them. They pull apart when another white flash lights up the room, before all of them fall to laughter.June 2nd, 1980 - St. Mungo's - Room 7Lily cradles her children in her arms and marvels at how fast life has changed. When she first married James, it was hard for her to imagine having children. Oh, she could see them running around, being little hell-raisers, but when she was seriously trying to imagine being a mother, it never seemed right. Now, as she has her baby's in her arms, she couldn't imagine it any other way.Night - Saturday, October 31st, 1981 - Potter Home, Godric's Hollow"Harry get back here!" Lily shouts, calling after the naked mud covered little boy. He giggled infectiously before darting into the living room. He falls on his butt and shakes his head before looking up. A wide grin splits his little face. "Pa'foo!" He cheers, raising his chubby little hands, wanting to be picked up.Sirius swoops down and smiles down a the muddy little boy. His black hair is pulled into a ponytail and his grey-blue eyes sparkle as he looks at his godson."Heya there, prongslet!" Harry giggles and kicks his feet. He leans near his godfather and Sirius notices a mischievous glint in Harry's emerald eyes."Mama mad." He confides in what he thinks is a whisper but is really a loud voice."Oh yeah? What happened?" Harry shrugs innocently but it is ruined by a wide grin."Vawl towd me to woll in de mud wike a pwig. Now I in tw-tw, mama mad." After taking a second to figure out what he was saying, (Val told him to roll in the mud like a pig, now he is in trouble) Sirius grins."Oh she did, did she." Harry nods seriously. Val or Valyn Adar Donelle Potter, Harry's little twin sister told him to roll in the mud. It really didn't surprise him. Though they were only a year old, Harry and Val were smart. Val seemed to be the trouble-maker though. She would think of something and then get her brother to do it. If he got in trouble, she didn't copy no matter how much she wanted to. If he didn't get into trouble, she was doing it as enthusiastically as possible.They didn't spot the little trend at first but after Remus pointed it out, it seemed so obvious. Remus would joke that Val had gotten all of her mothers brains and Harry had gotten all of his father's gullibility. Remus was Val's honorary godfather. They would have made it official if the Ministry would allow it. So, Val had Severus as her official godfather (and boy did he dote on her) and her unofficial werewolf godfather (or ga'pa as she like to call it) to call her own. The twins were the most spoiled children in the world.Of course, there weren't many that could resist them. Harry with Lily's bright emerald eyes, James unruly ebony hair, Lily's lips and nose.And Val was pretty much the same. She had James's hair, only it manifested itself in a different way. Her long ebony hair was long, loose, tangled curls. She had them streaked with green and the tips were purple (Val had gotten her Metamorphmagus ability from Sirius after they had a an Heir Adoption ceremony when he thought he was never going to have kids. Her and Harry are next in line after Orion, Sirius and Remus's Blood Adopted son who is a few months older than them.) She changed her hair once when she was a few months old and left it like that. She never really used the ability as at the age of one she really didn't care about it.She has Lily's eyes though they are a bit darker, more of an enchanting forest green than an emerald. Flecks of silver cluster around the iris and the edge of her pupil. She had her father's mouth, perfectly pouty. The rest of her features are all her mothers. Her small nose, cheeks, and ears. Her clever brain.Sirius was shaken from his thoughts as Remus taps him on the shoulder. Remus's amber eyes are rarely without a content gleam and his brown hair was sleek. He was the picture of health. Remus and Sirius had gotten married 5 months after adopting their little Orion. Sirius's family wasn't thrilled, but needless to say, Sirius didn't care if they took a flying leap off a bridge.Remus was holding Val propped on one hip and Orion on the other. Sirius grinned at him and was about to kiss him when he was startled by Lily."Gotcha! You little rascal!" She laughingly told Harry. "Time for a bath!" Harry frowned and shook his head."You are getting a bath sweetie. You and your sister." Remus handed over Val and Lily headed up the stairs with a twin on each hip. They both waved at Sirius and Remus over their mother's shoulder. With matching grins, they waved back before their attention was grabbed by Orion.3 Hours later"Honey! I'm-oomph!" James Potter groans as his son Harry and his daughter Val are hanging on his waist."Well hello to you to!" He drops his briefcase and swings them in the air. The twins laughing and squealing woke up Sirius and Remus."Wha-?" Remus."The purple cow did it!" Sirius.James snickers and plops on the couch next to his best friends."Hey Moony, Padfoot." They grin at him and make a motion to get up before noticing Orion draped over their lap, asleep. Orion had Sirius's black hair and Remus's amber eyes. He also has Remus's werewolf curse. That was given to him before he ever met Sirius and Remus and was a large part of why they adopted him. Greyback attacked his family and killed them all before biting the little boy. Auror's arrived on the scene just in time to save the little boy's life.His life has been a lot better for meeting the two Marauders. They send an apologetic look at James before gathering the boy in their arms."Sorry James, but we gotta go." James smiled before hugging them."I understand, I gotta get these two in bed too." After saying good-bye, they floo home."Okay, you two. We gotta get to bed.""James? Hi honey." After giving him a kiss on the cheek, Lily squeals as he wraps an arm around her waist and twirls her."James!" Her admonishment is light and heartfelt."Yes Lil's darling?" She smiles softly at him before kissing him lightly on the lips. "After I put the twins to bed.""Yes ma'am." He smiles softly at her before letting her go. As Lily heads up the stairs to put the twins to bed, James collapsed on the couch. It was a few seconds before James jerked up on the couch. The wards were falling."James, did you-James?! What is it?" She rushes over to him, the twins still in her arms. He looks at her, eyes wide with alarm."Lily, take Harry and Val and go! It's him! Go! Run! I'll hold him off-" The door is blasted off its hinges. Lily rushes to Harry and Val's room where she immediately starts to barricade the room. Lily whirls around as she hears the sounds of someone stumbling from a room downstairs - a door bursting open - a cackle of high-pitched laughter - and then silence.Fear makes her hands shake. She grabs her wand and starts to chant an incantation. She takes out a dagger and slices her wrist. Light flashes as the Protection spell is triggered. Not a moment to soon as the door is blasted away a second later. Voldemort stands in the door. His bald head gleaming in the light. His blood-red eyes greedily fixed upon the twins. Taking a deep breath Lily moves in front of her babies.Irritation crosses his face before is smooths back into a triumphant mask. He takes a swift step forward and Lily hold out her wand. "Not them! Please, not my babies. Not Harry, not Valyn, please not my babies!" Voldemort rolls his eyes and somewhere in the back of her head Lily marvels at this monster of a man doing something so normal as rolling his eyes. This thought is cast from her head when Voldemort takes another step forward."Stand aside you silly girl  stand aside now.""Not my babies, please no, take me, kill me instead! Not my twins! Please  have mercy  have mercy"Harry hears a shrill voice laughing and the woman screaming and starts to cry. Val wakes up and lurches into a standing position. Her tiny hands clutching the bars of her crib. Voldemort, tired of the mud-blood's sniveling, casts a Stupefy at Lily. She collapses and is still. Val's forest green and silver eyes focus on her mother and then on Voldemort. An anger is brewing in her. Harry stands up to and manages to get in front of her. Voldemort uses his want to stroke the side of her face, curiosity at her odd eyes stirring in him before shaking it off.He turns to Harry and anticipation flashes in his eyes before he raises his wand one last time. "Avada Kedavra." There is a blinding green flash and a burning pain in Harry's forehead, from where Voldemort used the Killing Curse on him. The Protection Spell flares a bright white and the spell rebounds upon Voldemort. The house is silent. The house is still.Hours later"Lily? James?!" Sirius shouts in panic. He scrambles off the bike and into the ruined wreck of a house. Once in the door he nearly trips over James. He turns him over, panic starting to overwhelm him before noticing his pulse. He sets him down and rushes up the steps. He sees Lily on the floor and again he feels for her pulse. His head snaps up when he hears the twins stirring in the bed. Harry has a scar on his head. He is curled protectively over his baby sister." 'ello?" Hagrid calls from below. Sirius rushes down the steps, the twins in his arms."Hagrid! James and Lily are unconscious. Harry had a cut on his head but other than that, he is fine." Hagrid sighs in relief."Dumbledore is on his way." Sirius hands Hagrid the twins before turning and going to his bike."Where ye goin'?" Sirius doesn't answer him as he takes off the catch a rat."Hagrid?" Hagrid turns to Dumbledore, the twins in his arms." 'ello Professor Dumbledore, sir. I have here the twins. Sirius had them but he left in a bit o' a hurry li'l while ago." Dumbledore's eyes harden with anger."Hagrid, Sirius was the Secret Keeper." Hagrid gasps with shock before breaking out in sobs. All you can really tell is Hagrid thinks he let down Dumbledore."There, there Hagrid. I don't blame you. Come now, we must get the children to Hogwarts so they can be checked over by Madam Pomfrey." Still sniffling Hagrid follows Dumbledore.
