AN: I makes no bucks from this and the world of Harry Potter belongs to JK Rowling. Professor Snape has a final lab for the 7th years involving their wants and desres.Professor Severus Snape looked over his class of 7th Year Slytherin along those of Gryffindor as they came into his classroom and took a seat at the long tables and waited for the lesson to begin.This particular class was a small one, with only the survivors of the battle with Voldemort that agreed to come back and take an accelerated course of study to obtain their diploma. Both Houses suffered in the Final Battle and the numbers seated were small. Gryffindor, always foolish to stand up and fight without thought for what is right, and the Slytherins who backed the wrong man in the pursuit of Pureblood nonsense.The students watched him stand up and stir the cauldron simmering on his desk and bright silver sparks emitted from it as he stirred it. He carefully pulled the stirring rod from the bubbling cauldron and wiped it off with a white cotton cloth before setting it down next to the cauldron."You will graduate from Hogwart's in two days and congratulations to you. This is your last potion, and you are giving up an ingredient." He rasped out to his students. The damage to his vocal cords evident in his words.He continued. "Desire of one or a desire of something is a fact that you will have to deal with at one time in your life. The cauldron on my desk is bubbling happily. It is called "Desirus". This has always been on my curriculum, so don't complain. "He watched the excited looks on his student's faces and tapped the chalkboard next to him, revealing the single ingredient and heard them gasp out in shock."What do you think Desirus is? Merely think of whom or what you desire while you obtain your ingredient." Professor Snape smirked to them.The students gasped out as a phial appeared in front of them.He continued. "Why are you unsure of this? Some of you grew a backbone" Looking pointedly at Neville Longbottom."And others ran away." Glancing at Draco Malfoy for a moment before turning his back and walked over to the chalkboard and observed his students.Hermione Granger stood up. "This is unfair Professor Snape!"Professor Snape smirked at the young Gryffindor, placing his hand inside his robes and pulled out his own phial and placed it in a holder. "I am not afraid to reveal my desires nor would ask of you to do something that I would not. Each and every one of you has faced death, or has caused death and survived, defeating a Dark Lord. This is my gift to you, to realize your desire and perhaps you will have that bravery you revealed in battle to act on it, if the object of your desire agrees. That is the second part of this lab. Disappointment is a fact of life and I am going to teach it to you that."He looked and found Harry Potter smirking back at him. "If you do not wish to participate, merely skip my class tomorrow. I will not mark you as an incomplete, but everyone will know you are a coward.He tapped the chalkboard with his wand once again and a set of instructions appeared. "You have two minutes to memorize the instructions.After two minutes passed the writing on the chalkboard disappeared."Everyone understand?" He asked noting the embarrassed looks. "It never ceases to amaze me the pure look of embarrassment on your faces. Each and every one of you do this already. It a fact of life so get over your embarrassment as you are adults. Class is dismissed!"The students normally left quickly at the bell, but they practically bolted out the door, their embarrassment complete when they noticed the Headmistress standing next to the door.Minerva Minerva McGonagall closed the door to the classroom and moved toward the front of the potions classroom to join him."Your timing is excellent Headmistress and the student's humiliation complete. No doubt they are praying to the Gods for an intervention from you." Professor Snape spoke out."I considered it Severus. But your reasons seemed heartfelt this time as in the past you enjoyed humiliating the 7th years just before graduation. I think there will not be an intervention from me." Minerva smirked to the younger professor. "I believe you owe me a drink."Professor Snape chuckled and went to his desk and pulled out two tumblers and a bottle of fine Scottish malt and poured out drinks."Never accuse me of caring Headmistress. It would taint the black heart everyone suspects I have." Handing here a tumbler and conjured up a chair for her.Minerva took the drink and sipped it in appreciation. "I suppose you will not reveal to me why we never receive complaints Severus.""Never Headmistress." Severus replied back and took a sip of his drink as well and noticed the Headmistress's glare."It's not an Unbreakable Vow, if that is what you are thinking Minerva." Explaining the requirements and why no one has ever spoken out on the last potion before graduating, despite his previous words."You've tested your ingredient and potion before offering up this lab, Severus?" Minerva inquired as she finished her drink. "I know in the past you never offered your own contribution when covering this potion.""Of course I tested it Minerva. Our little snowflakes are in for a surprise." Severus replied grinning evilly.Minerva stood up and placed the empty tumbler on his desk. "I'll arrive before class and remain Dis-Illusioned and see what happens."Severus stood up as well and placed his tumbler down on his desk as well. "As you wish Minerva. May I escort you to lunch?"Minerva chuckled and left the classroom with Severus walking beside her.HGSSHGSSHGSSHermione watched Ron Weasley attempt to write a letter at lunch, observing his hand shake and fight the quill."Who are you writing a letter to Ron?" Hermione inquired."Mum." Ron snarled out. "I'm not worried, but what of everyone else? They could be embarrassed." Grabbing Hermione's hand with his free one and held hers."Professor Snape must have placed a compulsion charm on his classroom before we entered. It explains why you can't write the letter." Harry responded, hearing the conversation. "I'm not worried as I know what I desire and I'm sure Ginny feels the same.""Feels the same about what Harry?" Ginny Weasley asked scooting in beside him."Nothing, Ginny." Wrapping an arm around her when he found he could not talk of the subject."We need a meeting and see how Slytherin feels about this." Hermione remarked and called down a house owl.She grabbed Ron's parchment and quill and began to write and remarked. "It seems we can talk about our subject to those affected."She handed the owl the parchment. "Take this to 7th Year Prefect Draco Malfoy. You do not need to wait for a response."She watched the bird fly off. "Pass along our table that 7th years have a meeting at 6:30pm."Meanwhile Professor Snape noted the House owl flying from the Gryffindor table and land in front of Mister Malfoy and watched him open the parchment and read it before nodding towards Gryffindor table. No doubt Miss Granger was taking a lead and arranging a meeting with his snakes.He knew exactly where they would go.HGSSHGSSHGSSHermione waited in the dark for the Slytherins with the rest of her 7th year class outside the Room of Requirement.Suddenly a light appeared, revealing Draco Malfoy with the rest of the 7th year Slytherins."What next Granger? We're here." Draco inquired."It's simple Draco. Everyone needs to concentrate that we need a place to discuss Professor Snape's lab and a door will appear and we can go in and discuss it in complete privacy. You know it from the War."Suddenly torches flared out and magically lit the hall revealing Professor Snape holding his wand out."I believe the "Intent" you should have would be to gather the required ingredient Miss Granger. I suggest everyone go back to their House and reflect upon that very fact.""Stay a moment Miss Granger." Professor Snape demanded as all of the students ran out of the hall.He watched Miss Granger turn around and face him, waiting for him to address her ."Well done Miss Granger for gathering the complete class of Slytherin to discuss my Lab. Ten points to Gryffindor for moving beyond House perceptions!" Professor Snape barked out before flicking his wand out and the hall became dark again."I suggest you leave Miss Granger." Professor Snape growled out.Hermione stuttered out. "Of course Professor Snape!"Professor Snape listened to the retreating footfalls of Miss Granger. Tomorrow would be interesting.
