Notes- Hi, My first ever Fan fic, so hope you enjoy. I'd like to just say thanks to theruinerofeverything and KatOfTheKittyVariety for spell checking and other stuff. :)Afterwards Chapter 1Harry was sat at the table of 12 Grimmauld place all alone. The rest of the house was silent, apart from the slight moaning of Mrs Black's portrait from the landing. He enjoyed the solitude. He'd barely had space to think these last couple of weeks.Everyone at Hogwarts had congratulated him within moments, with the exception of Malfoy, but he really didn't care about that. Then, straight after, Rita Skeeter and every other journalist had apparated to Hogsmead, demanding an interview with him, ready for the only story that would be in tomorrow's newspapers. 'HARRY POTTER TRIUMPHS AGAIN, THE DARK LORD DEAD FOR GOOD. 'Harry had had so many questions asked to him he could not start talking until Professor McGonagall had issues the reporters into a line. He had never appreciated her more than in that moment. He started to regret not listening to transfiguration as closely as she transformed a pile of rubble into a rope to keep them in line. Harry answered as many questions as he was able, but some of the questions hit a little too close to home. One reporter asked him if he had now satisfied his blood lust towards Voldemort for the death of his parents. Harry was just about to lose it, when a sharp look from Hermione reminded him to stay cool. She was standing in the corner with Ron, listening to the interview and answering the few questions interviewers put to them. He could tell that Ron was getting extremely bored with the situation and dark circles had formed under his eyes, and Harry knew it wasn't just from the interviews. In fact, Harry thought it was stupidly unfair that Ron had to stay in the room with these idiot reporters when he should be with his family, or what remained of it, right now.After hours and hours of what seemed like the most pointless questions about the nights events, Harry, Ron and Hermione left the headmasters office and made their way to the room of requirement. Harry's brain felt like fudge as he thought about what he had said to the reporters. He'd told the truth about most things, but he had not said a word about Snape. If he had been asked those questions a day ago, he would have had no problem telling the press of Snape's actions and his opinion of him. But now, he knew so much more and it felt wrong to tell the world of his actions, because the world may not understand that he did them for love. He owed so much to Snape and he should be remembered for the best things he did. He also hadn't muttered a word about his own sort of death and Dumbledore. He knew that if he did, he would never hear the end of it and he still didn't understand it completely himself. How was he supposed to explain something like going to limbo and coming back fully human, no longer a horcrux?By the time the three of them had reached the room of requirement, Harry was still as confused as ever and Hermione was doing her best to comfort Ron by holding his hand. She also looked sort of at a loss of what to do. Her expression surprised Harry as he realised this was one of the only times she didn't know what to do and she could learn by reading a book. He would have enjoyed the moment more if it wasn't so tragic. Ron just looked defeated. Even though they had won, Harry completely understood that Ron was in no mood to celebrate and that was ok. He may be able to enjoy the victory later, when he'd had time to adjust. The three of them looked at each other before entering the room and knew that this room wasn't going to be any easier to cope with than the headmaster's office. All of the DA and most of the Order of the Phoenix was waiting behind the door. So was Ginny, probably in a corner with the rest of the Weasleys, trying to hold it together. Harry wanted nothing more than to go to her and grieve like everyone else has been able to. There was so much pain building up inside him for Remus, Tonks, Lavender, Colin and Fred. They should have been there, celebrating with them. Harry just felt empty. Harry forced a smile onto his face although he really didn't feel like it. He nodded to the other two and together they pushed open the door.
