Hi everybody! I am the goddess of fangirls. Welcome to The Healer. I will try to update weekly, but as I have homework and such that is not set and stone. I will also respond to any reviews I get. Please no swearing or putting inappropriate things in the comments as there is younger people on this site and I will have to block you. This story will go along with the Harry Potter series. I am American so if anything I put in here is not right please let me know. Thanks! Quick disclaimer, I do not own Harry Potter the rights go to J.K Rowling. However, I do own Adeline, and whatever else you do not recognize. Now on with the show...Adeline's P.O.VThe LetterMy father and mother always told me how big of a disappointment I was. How" I should be a bit more like Draco." Or "We would have never caught Draco with muggle things" The problem was that I never wanted to be like Draco. He's mean, stiff, and an arrogant boy. I'm free-spirited, humble, nice, sarcastic, and extremely clumsy. Born of dark red hair and dark green eyes I was never destined to be like a Malfoy. I was put in the attic of our huge home and introduced to only a few people. I was considered an embarrassment to our family and to all "true pure-bloods" everywhere. Just because I am nice to muggles. Also I kind sort of exposed magic in a very busy area with lots of muggles. It was not my fault though, it was accidental magic. However, to my parents it was a huge mistake. All that changed when I got my Hogwarts letter. I finally got to go to a place where I was accepted."Squawk!" "Squawk!" "Midnight I'm trying to sleep," I say groggily" I can't really do that with you yapping." I shut my eyes again. "Sleep is good," I say to myself. However as soon as I close my eyes I again hear the tremendous sound except this time right in my ear. "All right, all right I will get up." I lazily throw my blankets off and look up to see my pitch-black owl staring at me from its cage. "Let me guess you want your water." Midnight kept staring at me." I will get you your water." I quickly ran and get a bowl of water from the sink.As I come back to deliver the water to the owl I study it more closely. I notice something is tied around its leg. I put the water in the cage and then take the letter off her leg. It had my exact address. "How peculiar, I don't know anyone who would write to me unless it's..." I flip it over and see the Hogwarts crest on the back. It is! It is!" I squeal, "It's finally came!" I quickly open it up and read what is inside.Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryHeadmaster: Albus Dumbledore(He had many titles but Adeline did not bother reading them)Dear Ms. MalfoyWe are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31.Yours sincerelyMinerva McGonagallBelow that listed many books and materials that they would need for the school year. I didn't bother reading those either. I had already memorized the list from when Crabbe and Goyle got there letters and brought them over to our house to show Draco. (How they got in, I would never know.) The only reason I opened it was to confirm that it was real."Adeline!" I heard my "delightful" mother yell in a "delightful" voice. "Yes?" I yelled back. "Come down here and get your breakfast." I put on some clothes. They were red and gold with lions on them, just to annoy my family. I hurried down the stairs from the attic. On my way down, I fell down the stairway. Pain seared through my ankle. I squealed but not loudly as to not disturb my parents. (They got fussy about things like that.) I realized it was broken. If I was normal I would have had to stay in bed for a day after drinking a potion, but I am not a normal witch. I placed my right hand on my ankle and took a few deep breaths. Green light came out of my hand and my leg almost instantly felt better. I stood up and hurriedly ran down the stairs as if nothing had happened."What are you wearing? Why does your hair look like that? And what took you so long?" My mother demanded." " Number one, gold and yellow with a lion on it. Number two I did not brush my hair. And number three not all of us can be super speedy quick and still look good." I replied sarcastically. Father spoke up "Adeline do not talk to your mother like that." "Yes father" I groaned. My mother cleared her throat "I heard you and Draco have gotten your letters today. I will take you to Diagon Alley later today." " Remember to be back by five I an important meeting with the minister tonight to talk about the rules of prisoners getting a trial after they are caught mostly murders, father added in. "Yes and I will be sitting in my room daydreaming trying to pass the time" I thought.I went upstairs only to bump into Draco. "Oh sorry I didn't see you there I will be more careful next time." I apologized. "No its okay just don't do it next time okay." He said. 'Yep" I sighed. "You know most twins are connected at the hip we could be like that. If you just were nice to me." He just looked away. I always attempted to get Draco to be nice to me about once a week but it never worked. I climbed up the stairs and started to cry. "I just wanted him to talk to me Midnight. That's all he had to do. Just a few words and a smile."Sorry for the sad ending but, I needed to explain Adeline's home life. Anywhooo I might post in a couple days depending on my schedule. Exams are coming up so ya. I will explain what happened with Adeline and her family in later chapters. Also, I already have an idea with who I'm going to ship her with I just won't post it until around the fourth book as she's only 11. And you might not like whom I ship her with. Muhahahahahahaha! On a different subject, I will introduce the golden trio in the next chapter. Review favorite and follow everybody. Until next time bye!
