Hello all, Harry Potter world belongs to J.K. Rowling. This is my version of a marriage law story with Draco Malfoy and Hermione Granger. A warning-Draco is going to be horrible to Hermione for a very long time but he will gradually grow as a person. He will be rough with Hermione, and very demanding, and he doesn't do well with her independent ways.Chapter 1-Ministry Takes ChargeDaily Prophet: April Ministry officials announced this morning a new marriage law that has just been passed to secure the Wizarding World. The Minister of Magic states: "This is to help secure our world. We were few in number totalling around 300 to 400 witches and wizards (excluding the children) and after the war last year the numbers dwindled down to an alarming low. We have to do something." The Minister of Magic goes on to say that this new law pertains to eighteen years and up for the next ten years. Anyone already engaged (witches or wizards engaged to a Muggle will be accepted as well) will need to send in a letter to the Marriage Department to be recorded by the beginning of June. Anyone who is not engaged will be paired by ministry trained officials to find companions who are most compatible. No comments were made as to how these pairings will be made but the Prophet was assured that the pairings will be perfect.  Minister of Magic states: "This new law will help ensure our future for the Wizarding World. Each couple will need to be married within six months of engagement. Within three years we strongly encourage each couple to have at least one child. We sincerely hope that the couples will eventually grow to love each other and produce more than one child to help our dying world. This the only way we could think of to secure our future." He also tells reporters that there will be no divorces decreed for any young witches or wizards who are of child baring ages (18 to 40). Letters will be sent out at the end of June to witches and wizards who have been paired by ministry officials, according to Section 28b in the new marriage law-any pairings done by ministry officials have to stay together, petitions to change partners will NOT accepted. Anyone who does not follow these laws will be punished, he or she will be taken to Azkaban for two month.I slam down the newspaper with a loud growl and run a hand through my blonde hair. This is terrible news for the whole Wizarding community. I lean back in my winged-back chair thinking, who do I know is single and a witch, most of all, who do I know that is a pureblood. The Greengrass girlswaitDaphne is already engaged to a wizard and Astoria is two years younger than myself so the law does not apply to her. Curses and ballocks! I will Avada Kedavra myself if I get paired up with Pansy or Granger. Though, I'm positive that that stupid Weasel will ask her to marry him and spawn bushy, ginger haired twits together. Potter most likely will be engaged to that girl Weasel, Penny or Gemma or whatever the bloody hell her name is. I think hard as to who I can marry, no names come to mind at the moment.After the war, the Wizarding World was pulling itself back together again, stitch by stitch. We have lost many people because of the war. My father was given the Dementors kiss and wasted away quickly in Azkaban then died. My mother was depressed for months and only now, a year later has she started to perk up. We were able to keep Malfoy manor and all our gold in the vaults. Mother has been redoing the whole manor in happier, lighter colours. Hogwarts is reopening back up this year after all the new renovations made, I will be going back to finish up my final year along with several others."Draco darling, did you read the Daily Prophet! This is outrageous! Honestly, forcing people to marry." Narcissa says as she walks into the dining room wearing a black dress that goes down to her knees. She tosses her Daily Prophet down onto the table in front of her chair and sits down. She pours herself some tea. "I've been trying desperately to think of a pureblood witch for you to marry! Daphne is engaged. Astoria, though a sweet little thing, is too young for marriage. Pansy, good heavens, I think I would Avada Kedavra myself if she were to become my daughter-in-law."I couldn't help but snigger softly as I sip on a cup of tea about her comment on Pansy."How about that Tracy Davis girl, she was in Slytherin correct?" Narcissa says as she tilts her head to the side contemplating on girls."No mother, she is dating Theo Knott remember. I'm sure he's going to pop the question soon because of this new law." I roll my eyes, I finish off my tea and place the cup down. I reach for my plate of eggs on toast. "And don't even mention Millicent. She's engaged to Goyle, they make a beautiful couple" I comment with a sneer on my face."What about one of the Carrow girls, Flora or Hestia. OhI forgot, they both passed in the war." Narcissa mumbles sadly as she picks up her tea cup to take a sip. "Alright, next housewho do we know from Ravenclaw?""Mother, just let it go. I don't want to think about this anymore. I'm getting a headache. I'll worry about it later." I grumble loudly. I toss my fabric napkin down onto the table. "Excuse me, I'm going to go fly around for a bit." I push away from the table and walk off leaving my mother to muse over Ravenclaw girls. I honestly cannot think of many Ravenclaw girls, if anyone of them are like that Looney Lovegood girl, heaven help our Wizarding World.June 29Mr. Draco MalfoyMalfoy Manor-bedroomDear Mr. Malfoy, It has come to our attention that you did not submit a letter at the beginning of July to announce an engagement to a witch. According to our new marriage laws, the Ministry has done its best to pair you with a suitable companion who will hopefully bring you friendship and joy to the relationship. After much careful consideration, you have been paired with Hermione Jean Granger. We would like to remind you that letters of petition to change this match will NOT be accepted. Please respond to this correspondence within five (5) days to verify that you understand and accept this arrangement. If we do not hear back within five days of this correspondence, measures will be taken to ensure that our interests in securing the Wizarding World will be enforced. Enclosed, please find a pamphlet of the new Wizarding Marriage law that was inacted earlier this year.Hope you are well, Bethea BillingsbyEnclosed: Pamphlet on Wizarding Marriage Laws 101 I slam the letter down with a loud roar. I'm so angry, I can't see straight! Merlin! Hermione Jean Granger! What the bloody hell is this all about! I pick up the chair in my bedroom and throw it across the room. It smashes against the wall and I draw out my wand to repair it only to smash the chair again. I push my desk over onto the floor and kick it with all my might, luckily I have shoes on as I kick the hell out of the desk. So, Weasel did not propose to her and now I'm stuck with an ugly, buck-toothed Mudblood for a wife! My prodigy will have bushy hair and buck-teeth! This is an outrage!"Draco! What in heaven's name are you doing son?" I hear Narcissa shout behind me. I throw some of my clothes about the room with a loud growl. "Merlin, I did not raise you to be such an animal. Calm down child before you give yourself a heart attack!" She shouts at me. She grabs my shoulders and forces me to sit down on the bed. My chest heaves up and down wildly and my vision is starting to clear back up."Mother! I've been paired with a Mudblood! I loathe Pansy but this girlI loathe her with every fibre of my being! How could they do this to me! I'm Draco Malfoy!" I shout. My mother winces some from all my shouting. She searches around for the letter and spots it over by my green leather couch, somehow it floated over there during my rampage. She picks up the letter, smooth's it out then reads it. Once she finishes reading it, she sighs loudly, she seems to be trying to choose her words carefully."Draco darling, we will just have to accept what is. Fighting this will not make things better." Narcissa steps over to me and gives me a gentle hug before handing me the letter. "You best write back, the Ministry seems very adamant about this law. I do not want my son being hauled off."I nod my head slowly, I use my wand to upright the desk and repair the damages. I step over to my desk getting parchment out to write short letter saying that I accept this tragic news. I will be married to Hermione Granger for ten years at the most. Ten! AND we have to have children which means I have to sleep with her. I gag just thinking about that, that I have to touch her body and put myself inside of her. How am I supposed to be married to someone I hate more than anyone else in this world?A couple of days later, I send Mudblood a letter asking her to meet up with me to discuss our engagement. My mother has been trying to sooth me with kind words on the subject which only makes me even angrier. I've been grinding my teeth at night because of this. School is also starting up soon in September and it's already July 3rd. I get a letter back from Mudblood a few hours later. I untie the letter from my owl's foot then unroll the letter to read it.Malfoy, I am just as upset about this whole engagement as you are and there was no need for you to write curses and jinxes toward me! I was furious too when I read that letter announcing that I am now engaged to you and will become a Malfoy. I detest you with all my heart and you feel the same way. I will meet you at my house, (not yours like you wanted) to discuss our engagement. The date you mentioned, July 6th is perfectly fine, I'll see you at 6pm. You can apparate at Sterling Street, it's near my house and it's dark there so no one should see you. Turn left and go down four houses, my house is the only white one on the street. My parents will be out of town and we can discuss in private our predicament. I advise that we make some kind of contract or list that we could use for the next ten years. HermioneJuly 6th comes along rather quickly, it's a lovely Saturday afternoon. I feel jittery, I'm going to Granger's house. Her Mudblood house, I already feel disgusted and that I need to scourgify my whole body. Me, Draco Malfoy, is about to step into a Muggle house. Merlin, I'm sure my ancestors will roll in their graves. I look over at the clock to check the time, I'm five minutes late. Perfect! She should wait. I finish fixing my hair then make sure I look perfect in my black slacks and white button shirt. I have a black tie on around my neck. Alright, fifteen minutes late. I trudge out of my room. Mother wishes me luck on my way out. I step off the property in order to apparate with a loud pop. I pop up near her house in a dark street. I hope it's the right street anyway, I think she said Sterling? I glance around for a street sign to make sure I popped up at the right street. I find the street sign and indeed it says Sterling, I fix my tie before walking off toward her house.When I get to the only white house on the street, I lazily walk up to her front step and knock on the door loudly. There is a shining little button next to the door and I bend down to inspect it. I poke at the button and I can hear bells going off inside of the house. I smirk and ring it ten more times to annoy the hell out of Granger. I hear her inside shouting."Honestly Malfoy! I will hex you to kingdom come if you don't stop ringing that bell!" I snigger to myself and ring the bell more until the door swings open. Granger looks angry at me, a job well done on my part. I look down over Granger's body to check out what my future wife is wearing. She has on a purple blouse and what looks like blue trousers with sandals. Her hair is pulled back into a bushy ponytail. "You are so late, what kept you!""Already acting like the dutiful little wife asking her husband where he's been. How quaint." I smirk at her then push past her into the house. I glance around taking in pictures of her all over the walls."Look, let's just get this over with. I don't feel like fighting with you." Hermione says. She walks over toward what looks like a living room. There is a small fireplace in one corner, a large black box with glass on the front in another corner with thin books lining the shelves under the box. I walk over to the box and tap at the glass."What's this?" I demand in my usual voice. Granger didn't seem too happy with my tone. She folds her arms across her chest and scowls at me."It's a television, or a telly for short." She says in a huff then plops herself down onto the couch, she folds her legs up under her. I ignore her and pick up book and a black thing slips out of the sleeve of the book. I can almost see Granger rolling her eyes at me. I bend down to pick up the black thing with white circles on one side. I look at the sleeve to read what it says."It says "Annie" with a ginger girl and a dog. Is this Annie person related to the Weasley's or something? She looks like one with her red hair, vacant expression and second hand clothes." I say and look over at Granger who has a very amused look on her face. I raise a brow as I put the black device back into the sleeve of this "Annie" thing."No, she isn't related to any of the Weasley's. It's called a movie, or video cassette. It's about a little orphan girl named Annie and she" I look over at her with a big yawn then place the "video cassette" back on the shelf, I then look down at my nails inspecting them. "Never mind, you aren't interested. Like I said, let's just get this over with so you can leave my house. It's very odd seeing you here.""Likewise Mudblood. I don't want to be in thisyou would call this a house?" I raise a brow then walk over to an arm chair and sit down in front of her."Yes, and don't make such snide remarks about my house. I've lived here my whole life with my parents. And you calling me Mudblood doesn't help matters." Granger says flatly. She then reaches for a book on the coffee table and opens it up. "So I was making notes on how we can survive the next ten years together." I groan and roll my eyes at her. Honestly, she made a list already? "Now listen up Malfoy, no more calling me Mudblood for one. Here, I made a copy of my list for you." She pulls out a list of things from her book and hands it to me."I have to hand it to you Mudblood, you really do live up to your name of being the little miss know it all." I glance down at the list she has and ignoring her scathing glare in my direction. "Hush so I can read this." I tell her. I hear her grumble under her breath.Survival List:1) No name calling- this includes using the term "Mudblood"2) We do not live at Malfoy manor (this I snort at)3) We do not share the same bedroom ( I roll my eyes here)4) We stay faithful to each other, no cheating5) No lying to each other6) We have sex when I say so to have that one child required by the Ministry. Once I am pregnant and have the baby no more sex. I put down the list and look at her. I don't even want to finish reading the list. I crumple up the list and throw it at her head. It bounces off her head and I stand up to my full height."No lists. We will live in Malfoy manor after we are married and I honestly do not give a damn about your opinion on that. I don't want to share a bedroom with something so dirty as you but we will have to. And as for sex, if I want it then I'll get it either from you or some other witch." I shout at her. Granger's cheeks turn red and she gets to her feet bringing herself to her full, short height. She steps closer to me, her eyes are big and her nostrils flare out."Listen here Malfoy, I don't know if you've read your pamphlet but cheating is out of the question unless you want to be tossed in Azkaban for it then go ahead. I will not have sex with you unless I absolutely have to!" Granger shouts right back at me and pokes me in the chest with her finger. I knock her hand away from my chest and brush my shirt off like it has something dirty on it. I grab her shoulders and shove her back down onto the couch. She struggles under my grasp until I let her go. She pants loudly and glares up at me. She looks like she's ready to hex my ballocks right off."Now you listen Ms. Hermione Granger. If you want to survive these next ten years, you listen and you do what I say. No lip from you and we'll be perfectly happy." I say sweetly to her and touch her cheek with my fingers. She turns her head away from me and kicks my shin. I grab at my shin hopping around. Yes, I can already see we are going to have a fantastic marriage. "Granger! That hurt!" I shout at her. She smirks at me."Good, it was meant to hurt you idiotic man. Now let's discuss when to get this marriage done. I was thinking December or January. It gives us time to plan it out as to whereer" I shake my head with a scowl on my face. Her legs are hanging off the sides of the couch so I kick her shin, she gasps and grabs at her shin. "Ouch! Malfoy! You don't hit or kick girls! Didn't your parents ever teach you that?""You kicked me first Mudblood! And besides, I want to get this marriage thing done as soon as possible, preferably before school starts. We will get marriage next month in August. I say August 16th sounds grand. I don't care if you agree or not, it's going to happen." I actually just want to get this marriage over with, the sooner the better so I can kick her out of my life after ten years."I'm not getting married August 16th. What am I to say to my parents?" Granger shouts at me and picks up one of the couch cushions to throw it at my head. I duck just in time for the one pillow but she had a second one and it hits me in the face. I am a bit stunned that she threw something at me. How dare she throw stuff at me! I'm being nice to her and she should be happy."I don't give a damn about your parents and we are getting married in August. I'll set everything up and you just show up like a good girl." I snap at her. I pick up the pillow that hit me and throw it back at Granger with a loud growl. It hits her in the face and she shoves the pillow away with a loud frustrated "Argh!""I hate you so much Malfoy!" Granger says icily at me. I roll my eyes, not like I haven't heard this phrase before. I sit down the arm chair again and cross my ankles. I look down at my nails."I honestly do not care Granger. And we will be living in Malfoy manor. All the Malfoy's have lived there and that's not about to change because of a Mudblood. I will have sex with you when I want, I'm not going to live like a monk." I say casually and look up from my nails at her. Her face is so red, she looks like she's going to explode. I snicker at her and she grinds her teeth so hard I can hear it across the room."So tell me Mudblood, why aren't you engaged to Weasely? He was always sniffing around you like a love sick puppy." I laugh at her. She stops grinding her teeth and leans forward on the couch placing her arms on her knees. A slow smile forms across her lips and she shakes her head."Oh wouldn't you like to know Malfoy." She gets up from the couch and picks up her book with her list. "And we are going to follow what's on my list. Now get out of my house. I've had enough of your I'm-better-than-you attitude.""Well, I am better than you and you think I wanted to come to this place you call a house? And we are getting married next month and no list." I snap at her angrily. I get to my feet and walk over to her door. "I'll send you an owl soon inviting you to my manor to meet my mother and I suppose I'll have to meet yourughparents eventually so let me know when is a good time." I don't even say goodbye to her, I just open the door and walk out. I've had enough of her for one night. I want to get home and wash the stink of the Muggle house off my skin."Malfoy, you are the worst!" I hear behind me. I just laugh at her. "Stop laughing at me! Next time I'm going to hex you, so help me!" I laugh louder until I get back to Sterling Street. I'm going to make her life a living hell and enjoy every second of it.XXXXXXXXXNext time on "Married to a Mudblood" How will Hermione react to meeting Mrs. Malfoy- her soon to be mother-in-law. How will Draco act upon meeting Hermione's Muggle parents. Read and Review-the reviews help meHope you enjoy. It's not perfect. I am in need of a Beta Reader so message me if interested. I have a few stories that need help.
