Howdy people remzal here with a new little thing for ya. now I don't own the idea of game fics, and I don't own anything mentioned in this story (except myself) I also have no claim to harry potter other then a attraction to luna lovegood.Many people wondered what drew voldemort to the dark side of magic. Was it for power? revenge? was he a good man who became corrupted by the world around him?Nope the dark side just has more loot.Character voldemort has reached Lv 40000Voldemort expected the level up. It'd be hard not to seeing as this was his greatest victory in a while (even greater then using his charisma to make Peter switch sides) And when he made his next horcrux he's get 7X the exp and level up even faster! Poor voldie was so caught up in his dreams of ultimate power that he missed the next message.Admin has added character Harry james potter to the game, Nemesis system is activeVoldemort began making his way to the house, slowly and confidently. it's not like they would get away, three quick murders, spend his new stat points, and then to bed. Quick, Easy, Simple.Not going to happen.Oh sure the father went down fast enough a quick lv 13 killingcurseand the soul was ripped out of his body and added to his inventory.The Mother had been even easier not even trying to dodge before getting her soul stolen by the Killing curse.Of course things had to go wrong when he attacked the baby.PVP Fight! Player Voldemort has Attacked Player Harry Potter! as harry potter has no battle skills the outcome will be determined by comparing one random stat from each playerWell this was new but not really worrying, after all he was a elite player going up against a baby, what could go wrong?stat chosen! Empathy has been selected Player voldemort LV 2 Player Harry Potter LV 5. Player Potter wins!"wait a second wha-" and with that Voldemorts body crumbled to dust and his soul was banished to his last save point.player voldemort has loaded previous save "Albanian forest- voldemort lv 19" estimated load time - 1 10 years five monthsThroughout all of this little baby harry was looking at the pretty floating orange screens.player Harry Potter claim your rewards! Little baby harry had no clue what was going on, what he did know was the pretty orange thing was close enough for him to grab.So he did not even caring about the things he was pressing.REWARD GAIN! Voldemort wand (x1)Voldemort soul ( x 1/7)Black robe (x1)gold ( 90581)exp (999999)you have leveled up! (X 14)Please spend skill points. Now baby harry being a baby had no clue what has happening. what he did know was lights flashed whenever he pressed the pretty circles.So he pressed away.You have selectedstrength +38Endurance + 2Wisdom +3Magic + 200charisma +200yes?Once again baby harry made his babiness known by slapping the screen.STATS ALLOCATED!new stat totalstrength - 40endurance - 5Wisdom - 4magic - 680charisma - 202And with that the screen disappeared leaving no evidence to just how badly the future had been messed with.
