Author'sNote: This is the UnEdited, Pre-Rewriten version of my fanfic, Light Shines Brightest in Darkness, and having read over it in recent weeks, I sort-of cringed at my fourteen year old writing skills (actually right now I'm not much better, sitting at fifteen,) but I was going to replace my old story (this one) with the new version and spare myself the shame, and the world the horror of having to read the ramblings of my fourteen-year-old mind... however there were requests to leave this story available for those who still (for some reason) love it and so it has been re-posted here. The new Light Shines Brightest In Darkness has replaced this one at it's old URL. So NEW readers PLEASE read my story at the other link, s/9149741/1/Light-Shines-Brightest-in-the-DarknessOld readers- if you're here for this version, then I saved it for you! Enjoy! (But do check out the re-written one if you have time)June 10th 199, Minerva McGonagall arrived on the doorstep of 4 Privet Drive to retrieve one Tempestas (Tempest) Lily Potter from both neglect and abuse at the hands of her relatives. The Marauders heir- the Girl-Who-Lived- The Chosen One and a fourteen year old who was still asleep at 10:45am on the first day of term.C1: The Beginning.Minerva rapped sharply on the door bearing the sign 'Either busy eating or sleeping. Go Away'. "Tempest! The train leaves in fifteen minutes, and I must leave for Hogwarts before you Tempest!"There was a muffled and annoyed groan, a thud, then pattering footsteps towards the door, which swung open. Tempest blinked at Minerva, her hair flattened against her skull and sticking up in the oddest of ways. "Whazzup Minnie?" she mumbled, her eyes still half closed, and her body leaning against the door for support."Hogwarts Tempest! The train?" continued Minerva, although her lips twitched at the nickname. Tempest had adopted it when she had first arrived, saying 'Professor' and 'Minerva' were much too formal to be used all the time. Hence- 'Minnie.'Tempest seemed to make a forced effort to keep her eyes open, and mumbled out an incoherent reply, before the door slammed, and Minerva, shaking her head, went downstairs. Had she slept this much when she was fourteen?Heidy, her house-elf was setting the table, humming as she did so, her blindingly bright towel pinned neatly around her. "Good morning Minerva, is there anything else you need?" squeaked the elf, her huge eyes blinking up at the woman."No thank you Heidy. But if Tempest isn't up in two minutes, please use whatever means necessary to make her ready for the train to Hogwarts. I need to leave."Heidy grinned mischievously. "Of course Minerva, I will see to it."After Heidy left, Minerva glanced upwards slightly as there was a succession or several more thuds in the general direction of where Tempest was. Her eyes twinkled as she imagined Tempest Potter, so different now from the small girl who had stepped through the door of 4 Privet Drive, eying her with confused hope.Now at fourteen and a teenager, Tempest had just hit her growth spurt, and while it was not as extreme as it was with her father, she had grown several inches and was almost as tall and lanky as her father had been at that age. She had the general build of a seeker, and thin and wiry, an odd combination for a girl, but Tempest had never been normal.Minerva gave a quick smile as she remembered how exhausted Tempest had been when she arrived back home after the Quidditch World Cup, beaming and spouting tales of the players- Ireland and Bulgaria, although not a single word about the events after the Cup had escaped her lips. Death eaters and the like.Speaking of that. It would be several hours before the Hogwarts Express would reach Hogwarts, and she needed to talk to Albus.~Y.-.Y~Tempest cracked one eye open, then the other, and came face to face with a huge pair of luminous eyes. "Heidy!" she exclaimed, jumping up, and struggling to comb down her messy hair."Mistress needs to go get ready for Hogwarts miss, Miss Minerva said so! You will be late if you wait any longer!" said Heidy seriously, her bat-like ears flapping.Groaning, Tempest sat up from where she was sprawled sideways across her bed, and struggled to find her day clothes. "Thanks Heidy I'll be down in a sec Have you got my Firebolt?"Heidy nodded, "Yes mistress, Heidy has packed your trunk for you, Heidy knows how you is always forgetting Please hurry miss Tempest." The elf's eyes were twinkling though, as she exited the room.Still blinking like an owl, Tempest flung her legs over the edge of her bed, grinning at Nyx- her black tabby cat who wound her way around Tempest's legs, as she tried to find her shoes and socks.Tempest made her way downstairs, desperately combing back her shaggy hair into a ponytail while shrugging on her clothes.She quickly scoffed down her breakfast, burning her mouth and throat in the process, then grabbed her trunk, and scooped up Nyx, who didn't seem to take it well, and took Heidy's hand to apparate to Platform 9 and .Tempest grinned as she waved to Hermione, spotting Ron standing next to Ginny as they appeared through the Barrier to Platform Nine and Three Quarters.Tempest could still remember the exact same day four years ago when she had arrived at the train station straight after leaving Diagon Alley.Professor McGonagall, or Minnie as Tempest called her at home, had wisely said that it would be better if everyone assumed that Tempest was still living with her aunt and uncle, as it would be classed as favouritism if Tempest was put in Gryffindor (which she was). Only a select few knew where Tempest really lived.The twins were the first to reach Tempest, Fred twirling spinning her around in a circle before George crushed the air out of her lungs with a bear hug."Hey!" Hermione's voice interrupted, "I want to hug her too!"George was elbowed out of the way and gave Tempest a fierce hug."I really don't see what all the fuss is about," Tempest choked, trying to breathe, "I saw all of you less than three days ago!"George merely shrugged and gave a sheepish grin, gesturing at Hermione. "I suspect it's the hormones."Tempest laughed outright at that, thanking the stars Hermione hadn't heard.Something warm and furry wound itself around Tempest's ankles, and she looked down to see Crookshanks- Hermione's cat, greeting Nyx."Want to go find a compartment?"Tempest grinned, hauling her trunk over to the train.Hermione's voice broke above the loud chatter of the people crowded on the platform. "Well, I hope for once, this term will be quiet!"Tempest just shook her head, and exchanged a meaningful glance with Ginny. "Not with me around Hermione!"
