Disclaimer: Do you think Warner Bros would sue me for not putting up a disclaimer? I mean, don't they have enough money already. But, seriously, it is with a heavy heart and soul that I confess - I own naught in the Harry Potter Universe - and more's the pity. Summary: The Potters never looked after Harry as a child - at least, not properly. Instead, they lavished attention upon his younger brother, Indignus Morosus Potter, believed to be the Boy-Who-Lived. Harry left home at eight years old, aided by his sympathetic Uncles, Sirius Orion Black and Remus John Lupin, two of his father's childhood friends. Together, they live happily away from the Potter family, who failed to notice Harry's disappearance. But what happens when Harry goes to Hogwarts, disguised as Remus' son, Antonius Balendin Aristides Lupin, adoptive heir to the Minor House of Lupin. AU! Dumbledore, Weasley, and Potter!bashing.Voldemort attacked when Harry was four. He saved his brother's life, earning many small scars, while his brother got only two. But Dumbledore didn't care, and announced Indignus as the Chosen One.A/N: This is my first fanfic, so it might be really bad. There will be no slash, no fem slash, and lots of bashing. Also includes OCs, Manipulative!Dumbles, and neglectful Potters, as well as a different prophecy. Wrong-Boy-Who-Lived. By the way, here's a tip - if you don't like it, go read something else, and don't waste my time with useless flames! I am open to criticism, as long as it is constructive and well reasoned.The couple had just arrived home from a Ministry conference as to the whereabouts of Voldemort's Death Eaters. What met their eyes was a scene of utter devastation, the house in ruins, and the sound of crashing rubble rose to their ears.."Harry! Indignus!"James Potter ran swiftly up the stairs, panic marked upon his features.When he reached the door of his sons' bedroom, he barged down the door with his shoulder, terrified of what he might see. Staring upon the room, he dropped to his knees. They were alive! His sons, Harry and Indignus Potter, were somehow alive. Harry was splayed out on the floor on top of his brother, barely breathing, scratches and wounds everywhere from where he had covered his younger sibling. Underneath him laid a sleeping Indignus Potter, untouched save for a bright red lightening bolt-shaped scar on slightly below his left ear, and on his palm, just beneath what would be his ring finger. But that was not the most astonishing thing there. To their left lay a pale Feldgrau green body encased in ebony robes. In its hand lay a yew wand with a curved ivory handle. The corpse's eyes were a dark brown colour flecked with blood red spots.Lily Potter stood downstairs, in a state of near collapse, her face covered with tears of grief. There was no way in her mind that either of the boys could have survived."Lily! They're up here! They're - they're alive!"She gasped, wondering whether she had heard correctly. "Lily! Come on!"Hearing her husband shout another time, she hurtled up the remaining steps leading to her husband's locationBursting into the room and seeing her children and James together, alive, she crumpled to the floor, just caught by her hysterical husband.'They need medical treatment!' he thought frantically, searching for a solution.Then, remembering something, he dug into his pockets and retrieved a small, carnelian, phoenix-sculptured broach. He looked at it, and noticed it was not working as he had hoped.He had forgotten to use the activation code. "Phoenix Flight!" he cried desperately.Suddenly, he felt a slight jerk from behind his navel, and he knew it had worked. The last thing he knew before his drowsiness took over, was the soft thud of his feet hitting a soft carpeted floor, and the shout of his name."James!"He stumbled forward awkwardly, and fell unconscious, exhausted both mentally and physically, drifting into blissful oblivion.... A couple of days later ...In front of a huge crowd, Albus Dumbledore made what would probably be the most important announcement the wizarding world had ever heard."There is a prophecy. A prophecy concerning the defeat of Dark Lord Voldemort, also known as Tom Marvolo Riddle. And this prophecy refers to Indignus Morosus Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived! It goes thus:He who shall vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies,Born to those who thrice defied him.The Dark Lord shall mark him as his equalAnd he shall have powers the Dark Lord knows not.The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh moth dies." he finished.Turning around, he smirked. 'No one need know of the rest. It is unimportant - at least - it can be rendered so.'Harry was playing with a small, wooden Ukrainian Ironbelly toy, when he heard his mother shout at him from the other side of the nursery, where she was busy interacting with Indignus."Harry! Give that toy to Indi."He continued playing as if he hadn't heard her."Harry!"Again, he ignored her in favour of the toy."Harry James Potter! If you don't come over here right now, you won't be allowed on the broom until next summer!"At this, he tilted his head towards Lily's voice, and stared at her with his emerald green eyes, a strange hardness apparent in his gaze. Although they had the same eyes, she could never match his piercing glare, even after years of practice on her husband. It was so unmoving that she couldn't help but cringe involuntarily when she came into contact with it."I've never been allowed on the broom anyway." he said coldly."What do you mean? Of course you've been on it, you-" Lily started incredulously, only to be cut off by a bawl from the four year old Indignus."I want my toy back!""Look what you've done now, you stupid boy! You've made Indi cry!"Harry turned away, resuming his previous activities.Angered by her son's arrogance, Lily summoned the toy into her hand, and passed it gently down to Indi."There, there Indi. Mummy got you your toy back." she said soothingly to the young child.Hearing those words, Harry stood up and swivelled, facing his mother and brother. "His toy? His toy? He's never shown any interest in the toy before, has he?" he asked angrily. "And, in case you don't remember, Uncle Padfoot gave it to me for my Christmas present last year."Lily looked at him, shocked that he would speak to her like this. She was so appalled at his disrespect that she could hardly utter a thing as she watched her son storm out of the room, tears welling up in his eyes.However, she did not dwell upon it long, as a cracking noise brought her head twirling round to stare at the younger of the siblings, who had blood dripping slowly out of his little finger."James! Get the portkey ready! We need to visit St. Mungo's!"Her husband came rushing into the room, fear etched on his face. "What's happened?" he asked, scared."Indi's cut himself!"The moment she had said those words, James drew a portkey from his trousers and handed it to Lily. "Come on, let's go! Asclepieia!" he shouted, and the two were whisked away to the wizarding hospital.... Ten minutes later ..."How rude! I mean, this is the Boy-Who-Lived, the Chosen One, Voldemort's Vanquisher! How could that stupid, lowly, good-for-nothing nurse be so insensitive as to say he needed no medical treatment?!""I know, dear. You can trust that I'm going down there tomorrow to fix this!" James muttered irately, escorting a fuming Lily inside.Harry watched them carry Indignus through the garden and into the house, and snorted. They didn't even know the meaning of his name, for goodness' sake. It was rather funny, when you think about it. After all, 'Indignus' meant 'unworthy' in Latin, and 'Morosus' was the Latin version of 'capricious' or 'fickle'. Hardly the most fitting names for the saviour of the wizarding world, was it? Good old Sirius.Sirius had been one of Harry's only friends, with the exceptions of Remus Lupin and Neville Longbottom, who was the same age as him. Then again, Cedric Diggory was a nice bloke, even though he was older than Harry, as was Roger Davies, a close friend of Cedric's. They had been the only people he'd ever really interacted with, or been allowed to talk to.He'd contacted Sirius immediately after his parents had left with his 'injured' brother, via his two-way mirror, something that Sirius and Remus had made specifically for such occasions. He told him all about the toy incident, and where his parents were. Sirius, as usual, was horrified by what he heard, and promised to help Harry escape the place he subconsciously called 'prison'.In a month or so, he'd be ready to live the corner of the world he referred to as 'hell-hole' and be truly free, with his Uncles - Sirius Black and Remus Lupin - who were his father's childhood friends. Despite that fact, they saw through James and Lily Potter's charades, and loved Harry, something no one else really did.He would be free!... A month later ...Harry woke up with a jolt, startled by an unknown noise. His bed was messy and creased from his movements when asleep. He had nightmares, the same as always, the ones he earned from the night of Voldemort's defeat, and his trunk was on the window-sill.He sat up on his bed, and looked towards the door, rubbing his eyes sleepily. However, his sleepiness was easily overtaken by excitement. He knew what would happen next - after all, they had been planning this for almost a month.Harry heard the soft noise of padded feet outside the door, and climbed to the window, opening it carefully.At the same time, the door swung open slowly, so as not to wake James and Lily, and a large black dog nuzzled its way into the room, followed by a tall, mouse-haired man in shabby robes.Harry greeted them joyously, and looked nervously at the man. He produced two small items from his pocket and enlarged them, turning them into what appeared to be two Comet Two Sixty brooms, the best on the market.Then, after a nod from the man, the dog transformed, growing and growing until it became a dark-haired man in his late twenties, and was enveloped in a bone crushing hug from Harry."Shall we, gentlemen?" Harry inquired in a low voice."But of course, pup. Come on, Remus, we've overstayed our welcome." the dark haired man intoned gently.Seizing a broom, he motioned for Harry to climb aboard, and took off slightly ahead of the other man.On his way out of the window, Harry just had time to seize his trunk and held on tight to the man's middle as he flew off into the beautiful night sky.A/N2: So, what do you think? Is it brilliant? Is it indifferent? Please review and leave your opinion. Feed my addiction - GIVE ME REVIEWS!
