Toying with LoveDisclaimer: i don't own Harry PotterA/N: HI! I haven't updated anything in a while since I ended it's like looking at a mirror, I'm working on chapter 5 of Survival but I'm not sure when it will be posted, umm and I'm stuck for ideas for Lost in Time so that's on hold for now. Anyway this is a BRAND NEW fic so I hope you like it! Also it is Dramione (as always)Here is the full summary:Hermione and Draco are chosen for Head Boy and Girl. Dumbledore feels the need to play matchmaker with them, and slowly gets them to become closer and closer with each other. With new students, new prefects, and new roomates, will Hermione and Draco finally crack and end up with each other? And what's all this about a bet to who will confess their love first? With galleons at stake, will the students and teachers get Draco and Hermione to finally be together?Chapter 1: Disbelief, Staff meetings and Hugging.After a long holiday it was time for the students of Hogwarts to return the magical school of witchcraft and wizardry. Hermione boarded the Hogwarts Express and sat in their usual compartment at the very back waiting for her friends.She had waited ten minutes and was reading Hogwarts: A History when she heard the compartment door slide open and just as she looked up about to scold the boys for being late she saw Professor Dumbledore in her compartment."Professor!" She exclaimed in surprise."Good Afternoon Miss Granger. Please follow me for a quick meeting." The Professor greets her.Hermione has no clue what was happening but gets up from her spot in the compartment and allows Dumbledore to take her throughout the whole train and into the Head Girl and Head Boy compartment. Then she caught on and had to bite her lip to keep herself from screaming and yelling at the top of her lungs in joy.She followed Dumbledore into the compartment and her eyes met with her arch enemy, Draco Malfoy. They glared at each other and looked away. McGonagall came in shortly after."Now you are both here today because McGonagall and I have chosen you both to be the Head Boy and Head Girl this year. I expect you to take charge of prefect meetings, patrol the corridors and make sure you set up patrolling times that are convenient for yourself and the students. I know usually that you two aren't exactly the greatest of friends,""You got that right." Draco muttered under his breath as Hermione scowled at him."Listen to Professor Dumbledore, Ferret.""Beaver""Spoilt Brat""Bookworm""Death Eater""Mudblood""ENOUGH! This is exactly what we are talking about! You too need to learn to co-operate with each other, have civil conversations. You have until tomorrow morning. We will be checking on you in the morning, before breakfast so be prepared." McGonagall snapped at them. Dumbledore closed the compartment door behind him and locked it with a complicated spell, probably his own.Hermione's mouth dropped open. She couldn't believe The Professors would leave them there. She tried every single spell she knew for unlocking doors but none of them opened the compartment door."Oh great!" She groaned and slumped back down into the velvet seats of the train compartment."What is your problem now, Granger?" He asked"Well let's see, Malfoy. One, I'm stuck in here with you. Two, My clothes and everything I own is in the other compartment. Three, I'm stuck here with you. Four, I don't have anything to do; talking to you isn't an option. Five, I'm stuck here with you. I decided to mention that I'm stuck here with you three times, because it is the worst thing. Oh, and we are going to be the only ones in the great hall who haven't changed. Let me send a quick owl to Harry and Ron explaining my situation. Oh and-" Hermione babbles on but is abruptly stopped my Draco."Granger! SHUT UP! I have the exact same problem as you, we have an eight hour journey ahead of us and I don't want to be hearing about your stupid needs." Draco scowled at her."Malfoy, I'm warning you, I've got a wand." She warns"As do I" Draco returns"Touch." Hermione says. "Oh! We have our wands.""Nice observation, Sherlock." Draco smirks at her."Do you know who Sherlock is?" Hermione asked curiously."Yep. You aren't the only one who went to a muggle school, Granger." Draco says.Hermione blinked several times. Malfoy. Draco Malfoy; went to a muggle school. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. It was so shocking it was funny. She laughed, and laughed, and laughed. Hermione was laughing for a good ten minutes. She finally contained her laughter to small giggles."You, Malfoy, haha, Draco Malfoy, hahaha, Went to a, a, a Muggle, HAHAHAHAHA, A Muggle School! I can't believe what I'm hearing!" Hermione gasped, wiping the tears from her eyes."Laugh all you like, Granger. It's true, what you're hearing. Draco Malfoy went to Muggle School." Draco sneered at her.Once Hermione's laughter died down she continued her sentence."Now, what I was going to say before I was rudely interrupted." She glared straight into Malfoy's eyes. "Since we have our wands, there is no reason why we can't Accio everything we need." Hermione says."Wow, not the smartest witch of her age for nothing." Draco muttered underneath his breath. Hermione still heard him."Did you just compliment me, Malfoy?" She asked, cocking up one eyebrow.Draco's cheeks tinted pink, which was quite an unusual sight that nobody has ever seen before."Wha-what? Of course not, I would never want to compliment a Mudblood like you, Granger." He snarled at her.Hermione rolled her eyes, scratched her arm, and got all the things she needed. Plus some sweets from the trolley, sending a few Galleons out the window to the Trolley lady.Draco followed in Hermione's footsteps and got all his things, instead, he brought the whole trolley so the trolley lady will need to go back and get more.When Hermione saw all of the sweets flying into their compartment she shook her head at Draco."You are so predictable, honestly." She smirked at him.Draco shrugged and took a chocolate frog. Hermione stole a sugar quill from his pile and bit into it, savouring the sweetness of the sugar.Draco raised an eyebrow at Hermione and she shrugged holding up an innocent smile.A few hours passed and Hermione was getting bored. She had finished two books and eaten sweets and had sent a letter to Harry and Ron telling them of her situation. She had even gotten changed into her Hogwarts uniform with a simple spell, leaving her jumper and robe off. She was wearing a short sleeved shirt, with her skirt and her thin black tights. She took off her shoes and rested her feet onto the chair.She had fallen asleep soon later by the window, she was shivering and Draco could tell she was going to freeze to death if he didn't get something to cover her up with soon. He transfigured one of his old cloaks into a blanket and gently rested it on her.Draco watched Hermione for a while, noticing how her chest rides up and down slowly with every breath, he noticed the small smile on her face, he noticed how calm she looked whilst asleep.Draco shook his head, he couldn't. He couldn't be watching Hermione Granger sleeping. It was simply out of the question.An owl tapped on the window continuously, waking Hermione up. She quickly opened the window and let the owl in, it was a reply from Harry and Ron.Hermione,Merlin! You have to stay with Malfoy all year, remember if he does anything, you can always hex him into the middle of next week. Hope he isn't being too much of a pain. See you in the sorting ceremony.Harry & RonShe wrote a quick reply and sent the owl off again with a little treat tucked into it's beak."Where did this blanket come from? I don't remember putting on this blanket, I don't even remember owning this blanket." Hermione wondered aloud."It's mine. You were shivering and I couldn't exactly kill you off at the start of the year so I gave you the blanket." Draco told her, not looking up from the book he was reading."Th- thank you. I didn't know you cared so much, Malfoy." Hermione said to him, fondly."Yeah, don't get used to it." Draco smirked at her.Soon the train came to a stop and Dumbledore came and unlocked the doors."I hope you had a rather pleasant time getting to know each other. Quickly, go and find a carriage." Dumbledore told them with a twinkle in his eyes.Hermione and Draco rode up to Hogwarts and sat down, just in time for the sorting ceremony.McGonagall said her usual speech, as did the sorting hat, and one by one, students were getting sorted.Halfway through, a surprise came to Hermione as she heard the name of someone familiar."Kathleen Granger." McGonagall called out.Hermione almost choked."Kathy?" She asked to nobody in particular."What, do you know her?" Ron asked."Yeah, Kathy is my little cousin. I didn't think she would become a witch." Hermione replied.Ron just shrugged.A short, brown haired little girl walked up the steps and stumbled a towards the sorting Hat. She looked exactly like Hermione. She sat on the stool and the hat was placed on top of her head."Aha! A Granger. Let's see how much you compare to your older cousin, young Kathleen. Smart brains, plenty of courage I see. Sly, a slytherin trait. You posses the traits of Ravenclaw, Gryffindor and Slytherin. But where to put you? Where would you like to go, Kathleen?" The Sorting Hat asked her.Hermione did a stretch, waving out in the process. Kathy caught sight of Hermione and almost did a double take.She whispered Gryffindor to the Hat."Well, then, you are now a GRYFFINDOR!" The sorting hat shouted. Kathleen skipped down the steps and made her way towards Hermione, hugging her in the process."I can't believe it, Mione! I didn't know you'd be here!" Kathy said in surprise."You're surprised? I'm the one who is surprised! My younger cousin is a witch? Well!" Hermione whispered back to her.They turned back towards the sorting just in time to see a young Malfoy walk up to the hat.Cassiopeia Malfoy was walking up confidently to the stool. Draco was smirking at her, she smirked back and sat down."Aha! A Malfoy! Driven to be a Slytherin, but young Cassiopeia, Slytherin is not your true path. You have plenty of Bravery, Courage, Nobility in you. You can be sly, quite smart. You are most certainly a GRYFFINDOR!" The Sorting Hat announced.The whole room gasped and whispered to one another. A Malfoy was sorted into Gryffindor? Cass took the long route to the Gryffindor Table and stopped by the Slytherin table quickly."Cass? Why were you put in Gryffindor?" Draco asked softly."I-I don't know, Dray. I should have been in Slytherin. My Father isn't going to be happy. He's probably going to beat me, disown me, send me to live with Muggles!" Cass replied, her eyes glossy with tears."Hey, hey, hey. Cass, don't cry. It's fine. If he disowns you, then I know somebody who might take you in. It's a long shot, but it might work out." Draco told her firmly. She nodded slightly and went to sit next to Kathy at the Gryffindor table.Once the feast ended Dumbledore called Draco and Hermione back."Now, your common room is on the eighth floor. Just continue up the staircase from the seventh that you will see magically appears when you stand in front of it. Climb the staircase and the common room will be on your left. You can choose the password. Right, you two best be off. Have a good night and I will see you tomorrow." Dumbledore explained to them.Once Draco and Hermione had gone up to their common room Dumbledore made his way to the staff room."Hello all. I have called this meeting to discuss our new Head Boy and Girl," Dumbledore started"Gossiping about students now, Albus?" Snape smirked at him."Indeed Severus. I feel the need to play the matchmaker. Now, I'd like all of you to partner Hermione and Draco up in lessons, make sure they spend all the time they can together, Severus, can you give them detentions together? Since they'd also have to live together, they should get to know each other sooner or later. Also, I know that surprisingly all for the students are going home for Christmas this year so we can arrange for them and their little cousins to stay over the Holidays. That way they can spend even more time together!" Dumbledore says"Albus, we can't force two students to spend time together, life doesn't work that way, believe me." Snape drawled."Ah, but Severus, we can! Alright, now onto another matter. A Malfoy got sorted into Gryffindor, who would have thought! Cassiopeia Malfoy is a Gryffindor. I feel sorry for her when her father hears. He will certainly disown her, no child of the Malfoy's goes to Gryffindor without getting disowned." Dumbledore shook his head sadly and the staff continued to gossip about students.Meanwhile Draco and Hermione were now in front of a painting of the four Founders of Hogwarts."Alright, what's the password?" Salazar smirked at them."Enoimreh dna ocard." Draco smirked back."Very well then." Godric said and opened the portrait so they could step in.The walls were Red with Silver edges. The sofas were Green with Gold pillows. There were two cherry wood desks, Slytherin and Gryffindor carpets and rugs and one wall with a full bookshelf, filled with books that both Hermione and Draco owned. There was also a small kitchen and a table for two."Whoa!" They whispered together and each went to their rooms.Hermione's room was all red and gold, a queen-sized bed with lovely silk sheets and a super comfortable mattress. She had another wall-sized bookshelf for all of her books and a big desk. There was a walk in wardrobe and inside was a door that led towards the bathroom. It had a bath the size of a pool with different colour taps and bubbles. There was a large sink and shower, along with a station for makeup and hair. It was all pure white.Draco's was the same, and as he went out into the bathroom, he came face to face with Hermione."Granger, what are you doing in my bathroom? Go and get your own!" Draco snapped at her."Malfoy, this is as much my bathroom as it is yours. We're sharing." Hermione told him."Sharing? No, I refuse to share a bath and a shower with a Mudblood, I don't want your Muggle germs, Granger." Draco scoffed and acted as if he was swatting flies.Hermione's eyes welled up with tears and she ran back into her room, collapsing on the bed in tears.Draco blinked in surprise. He didn't think his words would hurt her so much. He went into her room and placed a hand on her shoulder, rubbing her back."Granger, are you ok?" He asked her. He waited a few moments and with no response he tried again."Granger. Are you alright?" No response."Hermione. What did I say that made you so sad?" Draco asked her."You-you, you reminded me of my parents. Before the war, I took all memories of me away from them. They didn't even know I existed. After the war, I tried to get their memories back. It didn't work and they sent me away. Malfoy, I've lost my parents, I am reminded every single day by you and my scar that I am muggleborn. So thank you, for reminding me of my terrible past." She told him in between sobs.Draco didn't know what to say. Saying sorry wouldn't help anybody right now. He hugged her, calmed her. It was hard hugging somebody who was lying down whilst standing up, so he sat down.Still hard.He lay down next to her, and continued to hug her, soothing her to slumber. He soon afterwards fell asleep in her bed, hugging her from behind.A/N: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand DONE! That was a really long chapter for me, it took me all day to write. I hope you enjoyed it and please review and tell me if i should continue the story or drop it. :)) 
