This is a longer, different and less dark version of 'Death, Please Come Quick and Easy'. The first few chapters will be the same minus a few minor changes. Eyelids too heavy to lift, she was stuck in a macabre darkness. Shadows twisting and squirming, suffocating her, nothing she could do. Feeling emotionally and physically drained her senses clouded, although irked when a new different feeling crept inside her. A sting in her left..or right side, too dark to even recognise the directions apart. This sting grew deeper and more painful. Then she noticed the taction of cold metal bounds around her ankles and wrists. Well fuck. The new distractions on her body weighed heavy on her brain and she slipped into unconsciousness.I was on duty with Kingsley, patrolling the tranquil grounds of Hogsmeade when the ambush started. Death eaters flew in and out of the shops, causing chaos, fires commencing. Out of the corner of my eyes I saw Kingsley's lynx patronus shoot out the end of his wand undoubtedly attempting to pursue help but was interrupted by a hooded figure firing a disarming spell at him. Kicking my Auror gears in, I shot at that particular person immobilising him but others were quick to react. Kingsley was knocked backwards, unconscious. With brisk movements I started my own attack, bashing out spells as quickly as possible. Few of the hooded figures fell, when I was foolish enough to think I was winning. A purple jet of light shot at me, hitting me squarely in the stomach, pain quickly spreading through the rest of my abdomen. Doubling over in pain, I saw another electric blue curse being shot, and I immediately felt a cold sensation spreading. Was this one of the Death Eaters own? The dreaded feeling of heavy irons closing my eyelids shut, and a burning tingle gnawing through my skin, almost acid like; my knees buckled and I fell to the cold cobble ground, welcoming sleep. Last thing I recognized was the evil clutch around my neck and then obscurity."Rennervate."A blurry voice. She didn't quite understand what he said, but it definitely was a he.Her eyelids popped open yet her eyesight was befogged so all that she witnessed was a tall well-built figure. Black cloak lined with silver was all her dizzy eyesight let her see, and silvery blonde hair reaching his elbows. A stick was pointed her way.What. As her vision unloaded, the features of the mans face became visible; she made out cruel piercing blue eyes, a thin mouth stern in a tight line, a pointy nose. Lucius. The whole face wore a calm yet resentful expression and overall a very unnerving one at the time that she caught a mischievous yet slightly wanting expression in his eyes before they turned eye cold once again."We'll do this nice and simply, Niece. Give us the location of Mr Potter and how to get to him and we can let you go freely and unharmed. Fail to specify the location of the Potter boy and your future holds dire consequences.""What did you do to Kingsley!" she demands, all too loudly for her recovering body, a wave of pain smashing in her head."Now now, Nymphadora.. You do not want to make this more difficult than it is, given the situation you are in; you are in the weaker position. You are in no spot to be asking me questions, and given your state I'd say you are in dangerous territory. Please feel free to voice out loud the appropriate answer as I will not give chances, nor am I merciful.""Oh do tell me, my darling Uncle, the location of my companion Kingsley, as I am not patient, nor afraid of your moronic threats."His harsh featured morphed even sourer, and he smirked bitterly before seething out "Crucio." pointing his wand at the girl.Even the strong willed fighters could not stop the screams. Sore, wrenching, tormenting escaped her mouth raucously. All she could feel pain, like hundreds of red hot knives being stabbed into her body. She lost the ability to breathe as she started to choke. Choked for air, as the devils fingers made their way up their throat.The terrible fated curse was lifted and she regained control of her breathing. Her body was sore; she could barely move a finger. Panting heavily she looked her uncle straight in the eye."I'm a strong willed person, one curse although agonizing it is, is not making me spill anything." A look of disbelief flashed across her uncle's face quickly returning to their usual nasty demeanour. He pointed the wand at her again, a gently flicked it. Her right leg snapped at a direction it shouldn't and almost immediately devilish pain reached her. Another flick and her left leg did the same. A scream tore the way out of her throat. An additional flick and her elbow joints snapped out of the socket. Tears discharged out of her eyes and a wrenching sob freed itself from her lips.Another flick and all her limbs were back in rightful place accompanied by a foul snap of bones clicking back into place. She barely managed a whimper."I ask again, little niece, where is Mr Potter. I am too running out of patience, and studying your given state, you will barely last a day in this place."I might as well just die here. No Nymphadora Galatea Tonks, where is this strong spirit you mentioned, eh? Do not give up. Dying will only give Lucius the satisfaction of being able to say he murdered Nymphadora, the half-blood spawn of a blood traitor mother and a muggle-born father."Mr Potter as you so poshly put it is currently hiding up your ass, Mr Lucius Malfoy."Lucius, so astounded by her cheek, strode over to her a slam his palm into her face, the silver hand having a rightful effect, blood trickling out of her nose.He stepped back drawing his wand out again. "Legilimens!"A seven year old Nymphadora sat in Sirius' lap, her body moulding against his, her hair a bright pink, a radiating smile spread on her face filling her room with happy aura, as he held a book. "the beautiful Snow White walked into the cosy little hut, noticing an extinguished fire, a vase of leaves on the wooden table and beds. Seven beds"A white flash and a deep inhale.Her nervousness was clearly noticeable, as her hair absentmindedly turned grey as she walked the three steps leading up to the stool. She sat down, surprisingly without falling, and McGonagall set the musty old hat on her head. "Hmm" she jumped. "A half-blood girl with faint traces of the Black Family rootsdaughter of a Slytherin and a Gryffindor.. hmm those two should never be mixed..but where should be put you? I ponder on your loyalty. Is it to your friends, the world or your Black family..hmm yes yes, I glimpse great things..great things for you my dear. I know; HUFFLEPUFF!" She let out a sigh of relief and her hair changed back to her luminous pink.FlashShe made her way through the large cranky doors of Grimmauld Place; the lean darks halls of the place smelling of dust, mould and somewhat of firewhisky. Following Mad-Eye through the eerie hall, her foot caught on something and she stumbled over, leg bruising. A tough yet gentle hand pulled her up by the arm. She spun around to come face to face with a man, black matted hair up to his shoulders and big wondrous grey eyes, a kind mischievous twinkle to them accompanied by an amused smirk. "Sirius!" she cried as she leapt into his arms, his big strong arms wrapping around her waist and spinning her round. Just like he used to.FlashThe bed covers soaked, damp from sweat as two lovers lay underneath just after a passionate love making. Their bare bodies pressed against each other, as each looked the other in the eye panting heavily but smiling nonetheless. His fingers played with a lock of her now rainbow coloured hair. "I love you."Back to present day, she felt drained at her weak attempts of fighting him off, forehead dripping with sweat."Splendid." Her uncle drawled on in monotony."Back off, back the fuck off. Who gives you a right to look there? WHO! Those a private, not to be shared with anyone you sick FUCK!" She snarled viciously."Dear, dear Nymphadora. How must I get this into your thick skull? I am merciless and a man who does not give a shit about your personal space. Give me the location of Mr Potter or I shall do this again.""No." she spat."Legilimens."Three year old Nymphadora held a white rabbit, stiff and eyes pooled over with white substance. Giving in to the resistance to cry, she sobbed into the fluffy rabbits fur.FlashShe was seven. An excited little girl bounced down the stairs, ecstatic to be meeting her aunts after years of nagging and pleading. Her mother opened the door and there stood a tall lady, long blonde hair with streaks of brown flowing to her waist; blue wide eyes and pursued red lips. The lady next to her was smaller in size and had an hourglass figure wearing a black lacy dress with boots to match. Her facial features similar to her mother's yet there seemed to be an unkind quality about them. Her eyes a shade darker bore a brooding nasty look as both her aunts spied down upon the little girl as if she was an ant, ready to be tread on."Ah well isn't it the young cockroach brat, spawn of the mudblood giving us a bad reputation we hold most dear." Bellatrix spoke, with a snarling aura to each and every word.FlashMore chaos progressed, in the mysterious round room with a single arch in the dead centre. Harry, she could see Harry duelling with Rodulphus LeStrange. Harry, he was okay. She exhaled in relief. She heard a cackle from behind, spinning to find her beloved aunt pointing a wand directly at her heart. Swiftly, she fired a spell at her only to be deflected. She fired another, and another only to be deflected again. Her aunt threw a spell at her, her dodging it only just. Duelling like this carried on like a seesaw, no one having the upper hand for long enough. Her eyes darted briefly across the room noticing Mad-Eye's body laying bleeding on the ground, his magical eye wheeling freely around. Harry was still okay. This brief moment of lost concentration, the older, more experienced and overall cruel aunt assailed on Nymphadora, bombarding her with foreign spells, she did not have time to deflect or dodge. As an astonishingly painful curse hit her in her shoulder, she stumbled backwards tumbling down the stone benches, each snapping another bone in her body until darkness overwhelmed her senses. "As much as I do enjoy your Aunt violating you, I am running out time, Miss Tonks. If you don't state where Harry James Potter is right this minute, I am going to use the final and most horrible method of persuasion, which I can tell you, you will enjoy least of the others. It is guaranteed that your strong spirit will never be same again." He added a menacing glare."I am foremost loyal to the Order and will not give it to horrendous threats, as dreadful as they sound, o mighty uncle."With a curt nod, he strode over to her, pushing himself on top of her. He tore her legs apart, no doubt leaving nasty red marks on her skin. She, recognising the situation she was in fought back, she clamped her legs shut and spit in his face. When she dared to glimpse his face, he wore a carnal grin on his face and his fingers crawled under her top; they scarcely made contact with her breast when the door crept open."L-Lucius.. t-he Dark Lord requires your p-presence-" Tonks stifled a chuckle at how nervous the man who betrayed her lover and her cousin was."Give me the location of Mr Potter." Her uncle's face was uncomfortably close and he seethed into her ear."No." She replied icily.Review!
