It's My LifeBy Morgana RavenheartA/N: Yes. Yes, I know I should be writing LPG and TMV and FTS. I know. But this is in my head and I have to get it down. So I've seen a load of Muggleborns-at-Hogwarts posts and it kinda inspired me. I'm using one of my OCs, Jess Callway (*cough*SansaStark*cough*). She's awesome, funny, pretty, sarcastic and cynical. This is her life as she knows it at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. My name is Jessica Elizabeth Anne Callaway. I'm thirteen, I've got blonde hair and blue eyes, pale skin and I go to boarding school. Only, it's not a normal boarding school.I'm a witch.No, not everyone in my family is a magical being. We were all really fuckin' surprised when some woman called Tracey Davis showed up on are doorstep three days after I blew up Mum's favourite vase because I was trying to get my kitten out of it.But yeah, I've been at Hogwarts for three years now. And let me tell you, it's not been easy.First you've got the stairs. I mean, who the hell needs so many fucking stairs in a castle? It's exhausting.Then there's the sports. Quidditch? What the fuck is that about? Only twenty-eight people out of the entire fucking school plays the sport but everyone else in the school is always so hyped about it? What. The. Fuck.Of course, there's the lessons. The only one that's even close to an actual Muggle lesson is Arithmancy. That deals with numbers. Yet I still don't get it. I think the only lesson I actually like is Charms. That's pretty relaxed and okay. It reminds me of Mrs Chadwick from next door.Anyway, then there's the Houses. According to the younger siblings of previous students, there used to be a lot of competition between the Houses. Gryffindor and Slytherin were deadly enemies, Ravencloaw and Slytherin were intellectual enemies, Gryffindor and Ravenclaw were enemies in the brains or brawn sense. Only the Hufflepuffs got on with everyone. Seriously, if you hurt a Hufflepuff with friends in all Houses you might find yourself on the receiving end of a cunning, well-coordinated daring attack.So yeah. I was Sorted (by a hat. What the fuck is up with that?) into Gryffindor. So I got some new red-and-gold stuff and a bunk in the dorms. The girls are all pretty okay. Like Maddie Chang. She's the flying instructor's daughter. There's this big scandal about who her father is because she's got green eyes. What's so bad about having green eyes?But thing that makes this whole place bearable?The muggleborns.No, seriously. Jazz Hall in Ravenclaw figured out the anti-electronic wards and she revamped them. Now we all have TVs and DVD players in the common rooms. The first and second years have sleepovers in the common rooms watching Disney movies while we keep an eye on them. Not too much, we like them to think they're independent and grown-up. I think my heart broke when the wizarding children watched the Lion King and Mufasa died. To be honest, I cry at that all the time. And I was with the best of them belting out Make A Man Out Of You when they watched Mulan.Hallie Jorgaundson in Slytherin deals like pads of paper and fountain pens for five galleons for a set of three pens and six ink cartridges with two pads of paper. The professors have no idea that when they get an essay it's been written with a fountain pen. Half the muggleborns owe her shitloads of money for lost pens and spare pads of paper.And Frank Longbottom in Hufflepuff can get virtually any Muggle food you could want. Craving a Crunchie bar? KitKat Chunky? You want a can of full-fat Coke or some crisps? Frank's your guy. He can get you anything. And I mean, anything. I once asked him to get me a tube of Smarties, the huge ones that they only sell at Christmas, and like half an hour later he gave me a tube of Smarties. It was awesome.So, yeah. These are my crazy adventures. I hope you enjoy 'em cause it took a whole lot to write them down. Especially remembering them all cause they were a 'had to be there' kind of thing.A/N: Hope you enjoyed! Special thanks to tumblr users whatthebuckbarnes, edwardianfred and gogoravenclaw for posting the ones that inspired this! Please review, favourite and put on alert if you liked what you read.Peace out homies, -'Gana xx
