What a Difference One Chromosome Makes: Part 5Rating: TeenWarnings: Occasional bad language, action violence, fluff, spoilers for those who haven't read the books & slightly ooc main characters.Standard Disclaimer: I am not JK Rowling and do not own any of the copyrights to any borrowed characters or locations used in this work and this is not written for profit. All other known characters and locations borrowed in this work belong to their respective copyright owners.Summary: My take on the Fem Harry scenario with a few unique twists and a tribute to one of the greatest stories ever written.Authors Note: Contrary to my earlier plans, I decided to begin writing the next instalment of Elizabeth's adventures now and leave my marriage contract scenario on hold for the time being due to a lack of real interest and a wider audience who would probably appreciate this work being moved forward. Now, Order of the Phoenix, probably one of the more gripping of the original books and certainly for the plot, one of the most important. But as my tales have already deviated from canon to the point it's only just visible with a telescope, this will probably be the hardest instalment yet to write my own take on.Chapter 1: Dragons, Politics and Negotiating for DummiesNever before had Elizabeth Potter felt as nervous as she did that morning and she was not usually a woman who felt irrational fear. Because for well over 13 years, adversity had been a daily occurrence that she had been forced to meet and prevail against time and again. Ever since that day almost fourteen years ago when a simple twist of fate had unknowingly chosen her for one of the most dangerous paths imaginable. A path that had forced her to fight terrible monsters, survive neglectful relatives and corrupt politicians, endure spiteful classmates and most terribly of all, the scheming machinations of a mad tyrant hell bent on world domination who had been doing his utmost to kill her. A monster who had been bent on vengeance since that fateful Halloween night in 1981 when he had entered the Potter residence intending to slay her and her parents to prevent a prophecy foretelling his demise from coming true, only for his own deadly curse to backfire when it touched the baby girl and reduced him to a wraith, causing the most feared dark lord of recent times to flee to the forests of Albania.But after an exile lasting thirteen years during which he had crossed Elizabeth's path on three separate occasions, he had returned and was now out in the world, somewhere. The remnants of his armies eager to continue to serve him and achieve his dark designs. However, that was not what was causing Elizabeth's distress as she thought of what had happened leading her to this moment and set about preparing herself for the day that lay ahead of her. For during the last term at Hogwarts Elizabeth had been entered into the Triwizard tournament, a dangerous competition between the three greatest wizarding schools as part of a plot to kidnap her by the dark lord. However during the first task, history had been made when Elizabeth had attempted to use some of her latent gifts as a phoenix animagus to pacify an angry mother dragon and retrieve a false egg that had been planted in its nest, only for the dragon to speak perfect English and reveal that the dragons were a sentient race.Which had led her to that morning as she sat in a tent, just outside the border of the dragon preserve in Romania, where she had come as part of the official delegation sent by the International Confederation of Wizards which had been sent to negotiate on a bill of rights and a non-aggression pact with the dragons. Elizabeth heard somebody enter the charmed space of the magical tent and looked up to see her godmother, Amelia Bones, the British Minister of Magic enter alongside her godfather, Sirius Black, as well as Ron's brother Charlie and her godbrother Richard.'Are you ready Princess?' asked Sirius.Elizabeth smiled weakly and nodded as Amelia came over to her and said, 'time to go Lizzie dear, how are you?''Scared,' was all she could reply as Sirius came up and hugged her.'I don't blame you, none of us do, this isn't exactly the most orthodox way to begin a diplomatic posting, you would have to be the first witch to actually negotiate with dragons in recent memory and the only reason that they agreed to this in the first place is because of you. But you should see it as an honour that they respect you enough to choose you to represent the humans.'Elizabeth thought back to the day she had heard of what was to take place.Elizabeth was sitting in the small dining room one evening at the Boneyard a few days after their return from Hogwarts with Susan and Richard when Amelia walked in.'Lizzie, I have good news, remember on the day of the first task, how I said that we would need to negotiate a bill of rights for the dragons and that they would most likely want you there as a part of the negotiations?'Elizabeth swallowed nervously, 'yes, I'm not going to forget that day in a hurry.'Amelia smiled, 'the reason why it's been delayed is because when I told the ICW what had happened, all the member countries eventually insisted on sending delegates in order to bring about an international treaty and if you think the wizenagmot is bad, getting counties to agree on a single course of action to be written in a treaty is harder than herding cats. Anyway, the summit's been set in a fortnight's time and the dragons have chosen the reserve in Romania for the meeting, they're insisting on you acting as the speaker for the human delegates.'Susan and Richard were astonished and Susan asked, 'why Lizzie?''Because in their eyes, she's a dragon and therefore the only mage they'll trust.'Elizabeth looked at Richard and Susan and asked. 'What about Richard and Susan? Are they coming too?'Amelia smiled at her niece before facing Elizabeth, 'Susan's visa has arrived from the Stormhold embassy, so she gets an equally important job of being the first British national to visit the country since before the first war, and will have the task of helping to build a good relationship with the royal family. But Richard is perfectly welcome to attend the summit as all of the ICW delegates usually bring entourages to meetings such as this.'Returning to the present, Elizabeth paid attention as Charlie addressed the room.'We should probably get moving, the other delegates are here and the dragons can get edgy around this many humans close to their nests.'Amelia turned to him, 'lead on Mr Weasley.'So Charlie led the way out of the tent and into the warm morning, summer had proven to be somewhat hotter than usual that year and England had been in the midst of a severe drought when they had departed for Romania three days prior. The continent had felt just as warm when they arrived though the morning was quite a bit cooler this Far East. Charlie began to talk about the reserve as they slowly made their way up through a landscape of steep hills, rocky crags and thick pine forests.'It's a lovely spot, and you couldn't pick a more out of the way location, that's why the reserve got set up here. We're a long way from any major muggle settlements and the reserve borders a national park. A lot of the local muggles are pretty superstitious and are too scared to come anywhere near here as there used to be some pretty nasty people living around here a few centuries ago, you probably saw a few of the ruined castles on the way in, there's been stories of hauntings and disappearing's ever since then.'Elizabeth was thoughtful, 'but the real reason for people vanishing was the dragons?'Charlie shook his head, 'in some cases, yes, but this region is pretty rugged and there's the usual hazards of predatory animals like wolves in the forests. Without the right survival skills, if you get lost out here you're in trouble.'Richard joked, 'pity Hagrid isn't here, he'd give his right arm to see this place.'Charlie smiled, 'we invited him, only thing is, Dumbledore put him on a special assignment, can't tell you what it is, it's a secret though if he succeeds, we'll all be a lot safer.'Elizabeth began to hear noises similar to distant thunder and guessed that they were getting closer as they kept walking through the steep hills. Eventually they reached the top of the hill where they found a huddle of richly dressed witches and wizards all talking amongst themselves.Professor Dumbledore detached himself from the group and hurried over to them just as Charlie bustled off a short ways further down the path they'd been following where Elizabeth could just make out a clearing and the silhouettes of a number of dragons of varying sizes, shapes and colours.'Madam Minister, Lord Black, Lord Bones, Lady Potter, welcome to Romania, I trust your journey was pleasant and uneventful?'Amelia waved his question off, 'no, the journey has been delightful and the local ministry have been gracious hosts, no trouble with the ICW Albus?'Professor Dumbledore smiled, 'nothing major, there were a few minor issues of protocol to discuss regarding the nature of the negotiations, but once I made clear the long history the Potters have had in serving the ICW and the nature of how the dragons revealed their true nature, they were soon settled. The delegates are ready to proceed as soon as Lady Potter is.'Elizabeth guessed that the ICW thought her too young, and frankly couldn't blame them, as here she stood, just before one of the most ground-breaking summits in wizarding history preparing to act as a negotiator on behalf of the whole ICW, and yet she was in their eyes just a girl, not even halfway through her teenage years.Professor Dumbledore faced Elizabeth and began, 'Elizabeth, are you ready to make history? When you are ready, proceed along the path until you reach the clearing where the dragons have gathered their representatives, we will give you a copy of the draft treaty. It contains a lot of complicated legal terms, but basically to summarize it, we will offer the dragon's sanctuary in several reserves similar to this one which are being established worldwide, freedom from any form of exploitation or non-provoked aggression by wizardkind and security from muggles while they are in the sanctuary regions. All we ask in return at the moment is a promise from the dragons not to join Lord Voldemort or attack any wizards or witches unless provoked.'Elizabeth was curious, 'what about ministerial representation? The goblins and centaurs have offices at the ministry, will the dragons get one?'Professor Dumbledore replied, 'in time, yes, but owing to the complexities of setting up a whole new ministry department, that will take time and that's just in Britain's case. It could be even longer for full worldwide coverage. For now, you can always offer Charlie Weasleys skills to act as a liaison between them and the ministry of magic.''Alright, let's get on with it, there's no point to delay any further,' said Elizabeth.Professor Dumbledore pushed a complex looking document the size of a small book into her hands.'Good luck Elizabeth, now we'll be right behind you, but will stay a respectable distance back.'Trembling slightly, Elizabeth slowly began to walk forwards, following the track that Professor Dumbledore had pointed out which led through more thick trees. The sight that met her gaze as she entered the clearing was one that she swore she would never forget.'Oh my goodness, look at them all, I thought four was unbelievable.'Ranged around the vast clearing and perched on various rocky crags were at least thirty different dragons of different shapes, some varieties she recognized from the tournament such as Welsh greens, Swedish short snouts and Hungarian horntails, but others were unfamiliar to her including the one that looked to be the largest of all. A massive black dragon that was sitting on its haunches in the middle of the clearing and staring right at her, a look of curiosity on its face.Elizabeth stopped about twenty metres away from the black dragon that was facing her as it began to speak.'Valokein goraan gein, nii lost kosaan lingrah tiid ruzun mu lost held grik grind.'Elizabeth felt some of her nerves disappear as she replied.'Zu'u nox hi zuwuth fah hin eylok rot do valokein, aal Zu'u laan hi nuft vonum tinvaak. Joor valkralin dreh ni lost tinvaak do dovah.'The dragon seemed to almost smile if that were possible and Elizabeth inwardly thought.'Ok, so far so good.'The dragon spoke to her, 'Krosis, though we speak the languages of the joor, seldom would a dov speak in the tones of the jul. Now, before we begin, by tradition, when two dov hold tinvaak the elder speaks first.'The dragon turned his head towards a large rock that was a short distance away and opened his mouth and quickly engulfed the rock in flame, much to the alarm of the ICW delegates who shuffled about nervously.Elizabeth listened as she was bade,'Now, see my thuum, match it and allow me to taste your voice. Be not alarmed, you will not hurt me.'Elizabeth faced the dragon and shouted, 'YOL TOL SHUL' and saw the blue flames lick the dragon's body much to her shock as it began.'Grik suleyk, zul tol qaariv fir, aaah yes, to think that one so young could wield such a powerful thuum, you are the dov my brethren claim you to be Fil ah viingaal.'Elizabeth was amazed, 'A draconic name? Wow!'She asked the next question, 'may I ask your name?'The dragon looked at her and said my name in our tongue is Mul jer tovitaan and now as we have greeted each other as tradition demands the question we ask of you is this. Why have you come here? To this place at this time.'Elizabeth began, 'The lahzey, the wizards have learned now of the true nature of the dovah and now acknowledge the strength and intelligence of the dov and therefore wish to reach an understanding, a drem krolurend. So that neither lahzey nor dovah need fear each other again. As I am both lahzey and dov, I was asked to act as negotiator.'The dragons seemed to be mulling over what Elizabeth was saying before Mul jer tovitaan asked her.'Long have we distrusted the joors as many of them treated us as animals, monsters even. Even when it was only a few of us giving the rest a bad name, so we must ask, Fahvos nu? Why now?'Elizabeth replied swiftly, 'because war is coming, and coming soon, that Prakem luft nikriin by the name of Tom Riddle has returned and once again seeks to cover the land in darkness. If he succeeds, all life as we know it will be snuffed out forever. Faal Wahliik does not wish for this to happen which is why he has sent me as his champion to ensure that the world does not end. Now that the joors have learned of the true strength and power of the dovah, they fear that many will be swayed by Tom's power.'Mul jer tovitaan looked at her, 'so the joor seek our help? Why should we assist them in a fight that is not ours? Let the joor solve their own problems, you should not be fighting their battles for them either Fil ah viingaal.'The ICW members seemed to be fidgeting even more as Elizabeth fell silent as she thought of what to say, finally she thought of an answer.'But you're all a part of this world and Tom will not stop with Britain. In time if none stand against him the entire world will fall and he will never leave you in peace until the day the earth dies. None of the sentient races will be spared from his malice and insatiable lust for power and those who refuse to serve him will be slain or forcibly enslaved. I have met him and I refuse to allow this world to fall just because gein hefahus mey laan nahkaar dahik lein lost volzah wah mok.'Elizabeth paused and contemplated the looks of the dragons who had all fallen silent before she continued. 'I do not ask for you to fight the battles of the lahzey for them, only for you not to join Tom's side and consider aiding our cause in the future for the sake of all who dwell in this world. Even if you hold the joors in contempt, to let the world fall into ruin for the sake of wounded pride would be a terrible waste. The creator has given us all one last chance to make things right and to waste it would be shear foolishness. If you promise not to join Tom, then the lahzey promise that all dovah shall be left in peace, be given sanctuary from the vonum and in time be given the opportunity to establish full representation in the many regional governments of the lahzey.'Mul jer tovitaan dropped down so that they were eye to eye and said, 'Very well Fil ah viingaal. Ful Kos nii, you shall have your drem krolurend. Though mortal arrogance has always been our enemy we agree that the world should not fall through wounded pride. As long as you vouch that we shall no longer suffer the arrogance of wizards and their false claims of superiority then we shall have peace, and as long as you vouch that the world will not fall to ineptitude or those who attempt to grovel at the feet of Tom Riddle, we shall have peace.'Elizabeth wasn't sure how the dragons could possibly sign the treaty and so beckoned for Professor Dumbledore who slowly walked forward. The professor seemed overawed for once but finally said.'We thank you for listening to what we have had to say and agreeing to our proposition, now to seal our new bond let us sign the treaty and go forth from this place as friends from this day forth.'Mul jer tovitaan spoke to Dumbledore, 'do not think that we have forgiven all that has taken place in the past, and rest assured mortal, we are watching you and any treachery will be paid for in fire and blood. But as Fil ah viingaal has said, the world should not fall to the wrath of the all father because one fool wanted vengeance because the world was unfair. Also, as the old saying goes, the enemy of my enemy is my friend and if what has been said of the joor who calls himself Lord Voldemort is true then he is a far worse enemy to have. We accept the bargain Fil ah viingaal has proposed and will send word through the crimson joor who is called Charlie if we wish to summon her for any further discussion.'Elizabeth opened the treaty and watched as Professor Dumbledore took a quill and signed his name at the bottom and watched as the paper flared for a moment and draconic runes appeared which spelled out Mul jer tovitaan. Professor Dumbledore turned to her,'Elizabeth, you need to sign too, that's procedure. Once you sign, this document becomes international law and copies will be sent with the delegates present to every corner of the globe.''Wow, no wonder they say that the pens mightier than the sword.'Taking the quill, Elizabeth dipped it into the ink that Professor Dumbledore provided and signed her name where he had indicated and as she did, the crowd of ICW delegates began cheering and the dragons began to roar, as if they too were applauding.As they prepared to leave, Mul jer tovitaan spoke to her, 'fare thee well young dov, we shall meet again in time. In time, hopefully you may finally see your efforts rewarded but it will take a long time before we can truly trust the joor races fully. But when you face our enemy in battle once more, do not hesitate, strike him down and use the strength our father has gifted you with to make the world a better place.'I will,' Elizabeth said as she slowly began to walk away, and was met at the edge of the clearing by an anxious Amelia.'Oh my dear Lizzie, that was astonishing, never seen anything like it. If I hadn't put you in for the OM last year, I'd put you in for this, that took more bravery than any of those delegates will ever have. But I expect that you've probably won their respect, now come on there's going to be a gala dinner held at the Romanian ministry building tonight so we'd probably be best off to get ready and then pack up our campsite.'Sirius began speaking as they began the trek back to their tent, 'your grandad would be proud, he was on the ICW himself, and your great grandad was actually the supreme mugwump back in the day.'Elizabeth smiled and thanked him and after a brisk walk back down through the hills they soon reached their tent where Elizabeth prepared for the party and changed into her dress robes, glad that the auto sizing charm was still working as she had been growing quite quickly lately.Stepping back into the main room of the tent she was met by Amelia who came up and looked her up and down.'You're like Susan, both of you seem to have been enchanted to grow at twice the normal rate of other girls your age, so I think we'll have to do some more shopping when we get home.'Elizabeth voiced something that had been at the back of her mind for a while, 'in my case I think it might be the veela in me, I think veelas grow quickly and then stop aging normally when they reach a certain point. Look at madam Delacour, she doesn't look a day over 30 and she'd surely have to be in her mid 40's. I remember Fleur as well, she was 17 when I met her, but she looked a few years older than that.'Amelia seemed to agree, 'could be, but you aren't a normal veela, I might write to her though, see if she has anything to say on the topic. But now we've got a party to attend so we'd best find the men and get there.'After Elizabeth and Amelia located Sirius and Richard and magically packed the tent up and shrunk it. Amelia pulled an old soft drink can out of her handbag and gestured for everyone to gather round, Elizabeth touched a finger to the can with a feeling of apprehension and soon felt the usual jerking sensation as the portkey activated. She landed unsteadily on her feet a few seconds later inside a well-lit domed hall in which the ICW delegates were mingling along with some of the local ministry personnel, all watched over by a team of aurors. An accented voice nearby called for them to have their wands screened and so Elizabeth got in line behind Amelia and watched the security men scan her and her wand before walking up to them after they waved her through.Elizabeth watched the wizard scan her with the secrecy sensor before he bade her to place her wand in the tray in a repeat of the process she went through just before Fudge's trial.'Seven inches, phoenix feather, basilisk venom and dragon heartstring and made of unknown wood tipped with a single diamond, been in use 1 year, is that correct?'Elizabeth replied, 'yes, it was custom made for me by Leonard Ollivander during the Triwizard tournament.'The wizard waved her through, but wore an awed expression as he impaled the little strip of parchment, the group mingled with the assembled guests for a time, many of them coming over and praising Elizabeth for her efforts, including one wizard from the French delegation that Elizabeth recognized immediately.'Lady Potter, you performed magnificently today,' praised Monsieur Delacour as he strode over and greeted them all.'Thank you, I don't think I ever felt so nervous,' replied Elizabeth.The night proceeded fairly well with a few delegates giving speeches during the course of dinner with most of them seeming fairly positive in their reactions to the treaty. But it was after dessert had been eaten and the guests were sitting around and mingling one of the local aurors came over to her.'Lady Elizabeth Potter? An owl has just arrived for you.'Elizabeth was curious, 'Who would send me an owl right now?'Another auror came in with an unmistakable owl on his shoulder and Elizabeth was even more curious as the big black owl flew over to her and settled on the table. Elizabeth untied the message from the owl's leg and unfolded it before she gasped in shock as she read the contents.My dearest Elizabeth,As I write this letter, our wards have detected an intrusion attempting to breach our defences in the parkland at our estate and in these times that can mean only one thing, death eaters. Great aunt Augusta has gone to alert the aurors and I can only hope they arrive in time. I hope your trip to Romania has been as productive as you had hoped as the last thing we need is for him to gain the services of any dragons. Do not cut your trip short when you receive this letter, what you're doing is far too important to risk in order to save our lives and if today is to be our last, then they will not take us without a fight. If I do die today then I will do so having no regrets for our times together have been the happiest I have ever known.I remain ever yours even in the face of death,Fitzwilliam.Elizabeth clutched a hand to her heart as she gasped, 'no! Not like this.'Amelia hurried over to her and asked, 'Lizzie, what is it? Whatever is the matter?'Elizabeth felt tears welling in her eyes, 'The Longbottoms have been attacked by death eaters.'Those around her were shocked, but Sirius didn't seem too concerned as he gently pulled her close.'Don't worry Princess, they'll make it, and Tom is an even bigger idiot than we thought. Augusta is dangerous, and cunning, I once saw her blast her way out of a battle wiping out four of them in the process without taking a scratch. Tom sent attacks against Longbottom Park on three separate occasions and failed. They only got Alice and Frank because they weren't there at the time.'Leaning into his embrace, all she could say was, 'I hope you're right.'Valokein goraan gein, nii lost kosaan lingrah tiid ruzun mu lost held grik grind: Welcome young one, it has been a long time since we have held such a meetingZu'u nox hi zuwuth fah hin eylok rot do valokein, aal Zu'u laan hi nuft vonum tinvaak. Joor valkralin dreh Ni lost tinvaak do dovah: I thank you elder for your kind words of welcome, may I request you use the common speech. The mortal delegates do not have the speech of dragonsGein hefahus mey laan nahkaar dahik lein lost volzah wah mok: One deluded fool wanted vengeance because the world was unfair to himGrik suleyk, zul tol qaariv fir: Such power, a voice that deserves respectFil ah viingaal: Star hunter wingedMul jer tovitaan: Strong east seekerDrem krolurend: Peace agreementPrakem luft nikriin: Snake faced cowardFul Kos nii: As you wishFaal Wahliik: The CreatorLahzey: MageJul: Human
