Hey guys :)This is my first fanfic in English so please be nice!I had this story in my head for a while and I hope that you like it . This story is about what would have happened if Harry had hidden the letter and someone other than Hagrid helped him to get his school supplies . How much would this affect the story and Harry? What secrets he will reveal ? And Dumbledore is really who he seems to be ?Parrings : HP/GW(soul - bond) JP/LE SB/AB RL/NT HG/CW(in later chapers ) !Dumbledore , Ron and Molly bashing!Harry Potter a different lifeChapter 1Harry lay awake in his bed. It was the first day of the summer and he was waiting for his Aunt to let him out of his Cupboard. "Boy, get up! Up I said" yelled his Aunt e quick stroll to the Bathroom he went into the Kitchen and started cooking breakfast. Just as he finished his Uncle and Cousin came into the kitchen."Bring me my Coffee Boy" barked Uncle Vernon."Yes Uncle Vernon" said Harry quietly."I have a list of chores for you to do after you finished eating" said Uncle Vernon as Aunt Petunia placed a small plate with bread and cheese and a small glass of water in front of Harry. He finished as fast as he could because he knew it would take all day to get everything on the list done.Here is your list Boy be finished when I come back from workunderstood?" said his Uncle.Yes sir" said Harry slightly scarred and looked at the list.Clean the whole HousePaint the fenceWeed the GardenWash the laundryMake dinnerAs soon as he finished reading he started. As though he needed all day to get the list done. He just finished making Dinner when his Uncle came home from work. Harry had to eat a small portion in the kitchen and then was send back to his "room".This procedure was repeated for the next five weeks. He got up, made breakfast, got a list of chores, made dinner and was send back to his "room". It was now the day of Harrys 11th birthday, the 31th of July. The day started normal. While Harry was serving Breakfast he could hear the post coming through the mail slot."Bring me the Post Boy" barked Uncle Vernon so Harry went to retrieve the Post. Curious Harry looked through the mail. There were a few bills and flyers, a card from Aunt Marge anda letter for Harry. He never got mail. Who could be writing to him? He thought of opening the letter now but his Uncle would probably take it away from him so he quickly put the letter on his bed in the cupboard and went back to the Kitchen. The rest of the day went by pretty fast as he couldnt stop thinking about the letter. After dinner Harry went to the cupboard as fast as he could. He sat on his bed and slowly opened the letter.HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYHeadmaster: Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock,Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.  Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagall Deputy HeadmistressHOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYUNIFORM First-year students will require: 1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings) Please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags. COURSE BOOKS All students should have a copy of each of the following: The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT 1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set glass or crystal phials1 telescope1 set brass scalesStudents may also bring, if they desire, an owl OR a cat OR a toad. PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARSARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKHarry sat there shocked. What kind of joke was that? Surely Dudley would be too dumb to pull a prank like thisbut his Aunt and Uncle? But then again they wouldnt put so much effort into pranking him nothe paper looks old almost like parchment. No it had to be real Harry just couldnt believe it. And what's with the owl? How should he answer if he didnt have one? The letter said they await my owl by no later than 31 July. That is today! And were would he get all that stuff? Maybe he should ask his Aunt and Uncle Maybe they know? He peeped through the opening of the door to see if they are still awake. He saw them sitting in front of the telly laughing. He sighed. Harry was just about to stop looking when he saw an owl sitting in the garden looking inside of the house. Maybe that owl was waiting for his response? Harry would have to wait until the Dursleys went to bed. He grabbed a pen and turned the first parchment around and wrote:Yes I would like to attend at your school but I dont know where to get all that stuff.Would it be possible that someone could help me? Also I dont got any money and I dont think my Aunt and Uncle would pay any of this. Would that be a problem?Harry PotterNow all he had to do was to wait. Harry lay on his bad thinking. What was Hogwarts like? Would he really go there? Maybe he would make friends there? Would his relatives let him go? After a few hours he heard a Nosie coming from the living room. Again he peeped outside and saw the Dursleys going upstairs. He just had to wait a few more minutes to be sure they wouldnt notice. So thirty minutes later Harry slowly sneaked out of the cupboard and into the living room. He saw that the owl was still sitting in that tree in the Garden so he quietly went out and slowly walked up to the owl. Lucky for Harry the owl flew down to him and stretched out its leg. Harry carefully attached the letter to the leg and the owl flew away. He quietly went back to bed and fell asleep with a small smile on his face. The first real smile in his life.I hope you like it :)If you find any misspelling please tell me so it would be really nice!Also you may have realize that i left the snake in the Zoo out...there is a reason for it...you will find out later in this story:)
