Chapter 1- Reassuring Letter.12 Grimauld Place hadn't been cleaned up in months. In fact, it hadn't been inhabited for weeks. Mrs. Potter wasn't there to scold her sons, nor was Mr. Potter to listen to his daughter's cheerful chattering. All in all, it had always been a loud family, at least until past June, when the house was left unattended.No one noticed the Potters didn't live there anymore, for the neighbors didn't even know such house existed. They assumed someone made a mistake when numbering the houses. There weren't even documents about number 12, so they had no reason to think otherwise. What they did notice, however, was the lack of presence of a little family walking down the street. They were often seen wearing bright colors while talking about some children's fairy tales - which wasn't too strange either, as the family included three children.For stranger or mysterious the whole issue may be, nobody went out of their own ways to think twice about it. And so, the Potters were forgotten in their own neighborhood.A few miles away, three children slept soundly at their grandparent's home. The house was silent - as expected at three o'clock in the morning - but not everyone was asleep. A young man, no older than 22 years old, was staring at his hot chocolate filled mug. It had been almost three months since Mr. and Mrs. Potter had disappeared with no trace or explanation. It was odd. It was even odder that the Daily Prophet - or any other newspapers, for the matter - had let go the chance to talk about Mr. Potter, who was a very public figure. It'd be September 1st in a week and not even a letter from the Potters had reached them. He didn't want to admit it, but Teddy was getting really worried. Never before had his adoptive parents left for longer than an hour without telling where they'd be, along with a thousand directions to care for his younger siblings.Teddy sighed. There wasn't a lot a newbie Auror could do about it, specially witho how awfully quiet the situation had been made - by who? Teddy didn't know.He slowly stood up, mindful of his resting relatives. He had been so worried, he had barely touched his hot chocolate. He made his way towards the stairs, determined to try and sleep for a while, when he heard a really discrete sound; it was so that Teddy thought he had imagined it."Hoot, tu-whu, hoot" repeated the owl at the kitchen's window.Teddy's first instinct was to rush to the owl and its possible letter. It could be mum and' dad's letter! But he stopped himself, it could be a trap or a letter to Grandma or Granddad, as he had learnt at the Auror Training. He drew out his wand and readied himself to whatever may be waiting for him in the room he had just exited. Expect the unexpected, Ted. said Dad in his head. Expect it and prepare for it.When he was finally inside the kitchen, all he saw was a small brownish owl, still hooting in a silent tone - probably trained to do so, thought Teddy. He chanted a few spells to the letter and found nothing out of the ordinary. Screwing his courage, while trying hard not to get his hopes up, Teddy took the letter. It didn't say for whom it was, so he opened it.Teddy froze.He had expected the unexpected, but nothing could have prepared him enough for this. He knew this half-messy, half-neat handwriting. Mom's handwriting.Our dear Children,Please forgive the secrecy and our absence. All will be explained in time. Fear not, we're alive and fine. I'm sorry this letter's so short, we have to move quickly. You can keep Mab (the owl). We love you and will see you soon. Mom & DadThat night Teddy actually rested in his sleep for the first time in two months. He was unsure whether to tell anyone else about the letter or not. Well, that could wait for tomorrow.
