Esto PerpetuaThis is in response to The Parental Figure Challenge by Savita on HPFC. It features Charlus Potter in a paternal capacity to Sirius Black. This is a novelette of sorts with a few chapters. I hope you enjoy reading this, and remember reviews are always welcome. Rated T for sensitive themes and violence. No sex apart from a bit of snogging.Esto Perpetua is loosely translated as "Be the constant" or "Be thou forever".Disclaimer: Harry Potter mage nemei ane. Pauw mata! Quotes are taken from Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew and All's Well That Ends Well. Quote for summary is taken from J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.Prompts used in this chapter: An examination, a friendly duel, dusk and flirt.Chapter 1  The Last Vestiges of PeaceExplain, using examples, the difference between the Animagus transformation and Trans-Species transformation. Sirius Black grinned. He then proceeded to answer the final question in the Transfiguration O.W.L paper in his customary elegant hand. His brow furrowed as he penned the last sentence and turned the parchment over, quickly running through the answers already completed. The corners of his mouth turned up as he finished and flung the quill down with a flourish. This paper had been as easy as the ten exams that had preceded it.Noting that there were seven minutes until the end of the exam, Sirius glanced around the hall.James and Remus had both finished as well; James was running a hand through his hair and grinning at Evans' profile  she seemed to feel his gaze and also know who it was, because she shifted uncomfortably and then put on her patented Evans scowl she reserved only for him, and Remus was arranging his quills on the desk, in ascending order of size and feather length, Sirius noted amusedly. Peter was alternating between staring at his own paper in desperation and craning his neck to look into Ravindra Patil's paper.Sirius fidgeted, bored, and tried to catch Marlene McKinnon's eye across the aisle. No such luck. Instead, he devoted his energies to admiring her long dark brown French braid.The bell rang at last."The examination is now over. Quills down, please, and remain seated until I collect all your papers."Professor McGonagall's stern tones had never been more welcome. Sirius leapt out of his seat as soon as she had collected all their rolls of parchment, and ran down the aisle to greet James and Remus."Thank Merlin that's an end to the damned OWLs. ! Well, that was as easy as the Defence paper, if not easier. What do you think, Prongs? It is your subject, after all.""Easy as they come, mate. Had to finish off with an Animagus question too, didn't they? And it's just as much your subject as it is mine, Padfoot. You were the first to master the transformation, you know." James lowered his voice at the last bit.He eyed Evans' retreating back thoughtfully, and then grinned. "Do you think she'd give me a cuddle if I turned into Prongs? Girls love animals, and I'm irresistible after all.""I wouldn't bet on it," Remus told him with a snort. "The antlers are likely to put her off. Padfoot might have a chance, though. I know that Lily likes dogs.""That's true Prongs. Your antlered visage can't hold a candle to my liquid puppy-eyes!"They all laughed, and James tossed Sirius a two-fingered salute. Sirius snickered good-naturedly and slung an arm around James, leading them to their usual spot by the lake. Peter caught up to them at last, panting and still tucking the last of his stationery into his bag.Sirius lay flat on his back and put his arms behind his head, thankful for the cool breeze that swept around them, rustling the leaves on the trees and making ripples on the smooth blue surface of the lake. He soaked in the feeling of freedom and exhilaration that the end of exams usually heralded, and closed his eyes against the warm June sunshine.Lily and the girls were feeding the Giant Squid again; Sirius could tell by the muffled grunts of pleasure the Squid was emitting as he swallowed the morsels of toast they were giving him, and also by James' rapid breathing  something he always did when Lily was nearby.His thoughts turned to the incident that had happened the previous day after their Defence paper. Remus had managed to heal the gash Snape had left on James' face, but a small scar was still visible on his cheek. Lily had yet to acknowledge any of the Marauders after her tirade aimed at James."Do you think she'll ever speak to me again?" James sounded uncharacteristically forlorn; Sirius knew they were thinking of the same thing."She'll come around eventually, Prongs. She'll speak to you before the term ends. There are just three days left, and I doubt she will want to part ways on bad terms with anyone." Remus' tones were soothing, and they all knew that what he said was true.Sirius swallowed thickly at the reminder that there was so little time left before the school year ended. He would soon be on the train back to London, to his pureblood-supremacist parents, repulsive tattletale house elf and the vast, gloomy shell of a house which disseminated dark magic and evil from its very pores. The very thought was enough to make him feel nauseous.It did not help that he had at last chosen a career to pursue after his NEWTs; he wanted to become an Auror. This choice would not appeal to his parents, he knew; they were insistent that he enter the Wizengamot like his father before him.He shook his head, clearing it of unsavoury thoughts, and turned to find James watching him with concern. It was likely that James knew what he was thinking about  brothers could often read minds of course  so he said nothing, just shrugged and gave James a small smile. There was time enough to deal with it later."Snape and Mulciber are watching you, Prongs," Remus said softly. His brown eyes were wary and the muscles in his neck were taut. They all turned, watching Snape and Mulciber glower at James from a safe distance and mutter behind their hands.Snape shot a particularly venomous glare at Peter, who squeaked."They won't try anything here," James said. "Not after we got them so well yesterday."Sirius had to agree. Neither Snape nor his Slytherin cronies had enough pluck to start a fight with the Marauders to their face when they were outnumbered. It was more characteristic of them to wait until they could get each boy alone, and then attack him behind his back.Remus drew in a sharp breath, his eyes never moving from Snape's malevolent expression. Sirius knew Remus was listening to their conversation  lycanthropy had given him excellent hearing. The other Marauders had the good hearing that developed with Animagus abilities, but it was not as keen as Remus'."They're trying to get you tonight, Prongs. They know you'll be at the library after dinner." Remus murmured, barely moving his mouth."Damn. I really need to get that research done before I leave for the holidays.""Research? For what? It's the end of term!" Peter sounded confused."I need to read up on Auror training; I told you I was looking into that, Peter! And speaking of Aurors, you better come too, Pads ""Of course I will, but none of us are going anywhere tonight. We don't need any more trouble after yesterday.""I can handle old Snivellus if he decides ""Stop it, James." When Remus spoke in that mild yet curiously inflexible tone, James fell silent at once."Paddy is right, you are going nowhere tonight. Your reading can wait until Snape is otherwise occupied. If you get injured again, Madam Pomfrey will ask questions. And when she does, she won't stop until she gets the truth  you know that well enough."James looked disgruntled, but muttered his acquiescence and returned to admiring Lily.Sirius closed his eyes once more and found his thoughts wandering back to his parents.-o.O.o-The four boys stayed out until dusk, chattering idly at first, then sinking into silence one by one, watching the last rays of gold and pink fade from the sky and the sun, now a blazing ball of fire, dip ever lower until it disappeared over the edge of the lake and the mountains.The Giant Squid had long since retired for the night, occasionally letting out a pleasurable burp as he sank below the surface of the water.The girls  Lily, Marlene, Alice and Mary among them  had gone in too. Sirius had tried to cop a feel as Marlene's figure went by him, and had been rewarded for his pains with a stinging hex to the hand. He gave an exaggerated scowl as Marlene smirked and the boys laughed.It was dinner time when the boys rose to go inside  keeping their wands out and a close eye on their surroundings  although Snape and his henchman had departed by this time.Dinner was a merry meal. Sirius tucked into his broccoli and roast potatoes with abandon, hungry after a day of exams and worrying. Opposite him, James and Remus bantered between mouthfuls of stew."Come on, Moony. Gobstones - just this once!""No, James! I have my book to finish.""But exams are just over. You can't want to study again already!" Peter chimed in through a mouthful of peas."Not a school book, Pete," Remus explained patiently. "It's a novel Mary lent me. I'd like to finish it and return it to her before the holidays are over.""So Mary lent it to you, did she, Rem?" James said, and raised his eyebrow suggestively. Sirius looked up from his plate and grinned as a blush spread across Remus' cheeks."What's the book then? Another play  Much Ado about Nothing? The Merchant of Venice? It's by this Shakeseer fellow, isn't it?""Shakespeare, Padfoot. And it's The Taming of the Shrew this time.""Ah, I know the one!" Sirius grinned and flung out an arm exuberantly. "Away, you three  inch fool! I am no bea- Merlin, sorry, Pete!" Sirius' arm had caught Peter with a mouth full of pumpkin juice. He spluttered and glared at the stain spreading down his shirt, scrubbing at it with the handful of tissues Sirius placed before him. Several fourth years in the vicinity sniggered rather unpleasantly, and Peter flushed.Sirius suddenly felt bad for his friend. The chubby boy was often laughed at by his schoolfellows for his weight and general awkwardness, but this time he was humiliated through no fault of his own. Sirius rose hastily, stuffing the last potato into his mouth, and set off towards the common room, the other three following in his wake."I'm bored. Wish we could fly. Or take a trip to the kitchens. I could do with a custard cream or three.""You just had dinner, Padfoot.""There's always room for custard creams, Peter. What about chess, then? Since Moony seems averse to Gobstones?"Remus looked up from his worn trunk, in which he was arranging the last of his clean socks. A well-thumbed copy of The Taming of the Shrew lay on his bed, ready to be returned to Mary the next morning. "I'm just not in the mood to have bilge water squirted into my face, thanks," he said dryly. "But we could always duel, if you like.""Brilliant idea, Moony! You always come up with the best plans." Sirius beamed and leapt off his bed, snatching up his wand from the bedside table and moved into the middle of the room.Peter squeaked and scrambled aside as jets of lights and sparks flew from both wands. They had friendly duels ever since first year; it was excellent practice for their Defence, Charms and Transfiguration classes. Peter was hopeless at duelling; usually one of the others would help him, but Sirius and Remus were both too focused on the battle to think of him now.The door to the bathroom opened, and James stepped out in pyjamas, just as Remus got Sirius with a wellplaced Tarantallegra. "Oh are you duelling, then? Excellent!" James exclaimed happily and sat down beside Peter on his bed to watch.Sirius hobbled around the room, trying to gain control of his legs, which insisted on dancing with wild abandon. He managed to wordlessly counter the hex, and turned to Remus with a glint in his eye."Uh oh" said Remus, his face paling as he noted Sirius' wicked grin."Sternustatio!-""Prurius maximus-"Commutatio cerulio!""Follicosis!"The hexes flew back and forth faster than the eye could see. Remus cast a sneezing hex that had Sirius bent double at the waist, gasping for breath."R-r-rictusempra" he gasped at last, pointing his wand at Remus. Taken unawares, the sandy haired boy sank to the ground, weak with laughter.The other three boys stared at their friend for a moment before breaking out in laughter as well.It took several minutes before Remus could calm down enough to counter the tickling hex himself, after which he gathered up his nightclothes and vanished into the bathroom, signalling the end of the duel.Sirius quickly changed into his own pyjamas, rubbing salve into the bruises on his elbows and knees left by the duel. He then cast himself on his bed, exhausted, and unaware of the blue hair his friend had gifted him with. He drew the curtains on his four-poster bed, rolled over, and promptly fell asleep.-o.O.o-"En can we 'ome round to yours, 'Rongs?" asked Peter through a mouthful of pumpkin pasties, spraying crumbs lightly on the floor of the carriage. Sirius looked up from his chocolate frog and sniggered, despite it not being really funny."Any day after the third, mate. Mum and Dad have to go Uncle Cyrus' tomorrow, and won't be back till the third. Don't see why they won't let me have you over while they're away." James grumbled good-naturedly, neatly vanishing the pastry crumbs on the floor with a flick of his wand.Remus looked away from the window at this. He had been quiet for most of the journey, watching the countryside flash past as the Hogwarts Express made its way to London. "Maybe one of you is all they can handle at a time. Four Marauders when they are away would spell disaster for the house."James scowled playfully at Remus while Sirius laughed. Sirius had to admit that Remus was not incorrect. The previous summer, Mr. and Mrs. Potter had been away for the day when the Marauders arrived unannounced. When they returned, it was to find an entire crate of Filibuster's wet-start fireworks whizzing around the courtyard, and the summerhouse in ruins, while their two small house elves stood by, wringing their hands in despair. The Potters had not been pleased, and neither James nor Sirius cared to think about the consequences of that little escapade.Remus left soon after to talk to Mary, and returned rather red-faced with another book in his arms, and a pile of Quidditch magazines."Here" he said, dropping them gracelessly into Sirius' lap. "Courtesy of Marlene." A sly smile tugged at his lips. Sirius stuck his tongue out, and proceeded to bury himself in the exploits of Donal Murphy, leading Chaser of the Kenmare Kestrels.He was still reading when a diversion appeared at the door in the form of a sneering Severus Snape and his henchmen."What do you want, Snape?" he barked."Nothing to do with you, filthy blood-traitor," Snape sneered. He had his wand out. Sirius noticed that Remus and James both had their wands clutched in their hands as well, and that Peter was trembling too much to pull his own out of his back pocket."Potter  You think you're so wonderful, don't you, strutting around the place, hexing students at every turn. I'm warning you, leave Lily alone ""I could say the same thing to you, Snivellus," James countered coolly. " Not that she'll want to have anything more to do with you now that you  ah  inadvertently called her that filthy word; not a hope of getting in her "Snape turned pale at James' words, but it was not he who cast the hex. Sirius felt a sudden stinging in his left wrist, and glared at a grinning Mulciber, drawing his own wand. Before Snape could curse James and before Sirius could retaliate, Remus stood up and calmly stepped in front of Snape."Enough" Remus said calmly. He pointed to the Prefect's badge on his chest. "Get out, now." He watched the Slytherins mutter darkly before departing."Oh and Snape," he said sweetly, dangerously, "James is right  your virginity breeds mites, much like a cheese." He slammed the door in the face of the stunned Slytherins."Sorry mates," Remus murmured, looking at his dumbstruck friends. "Shakespeare. I couldn't resist." Sirius had never before appreciated quite how sarcastic and humorous Remus could be.Sirius' spirits dropped sharply as the day wore on and their journey drew to a close. When the train at last drew into the station, his heart resided in his shoes. James, ever perceptive, whispered "You can always come round to my place anytime, Padfoot, if things get too bad at yours."Remus too, smiled sympathetically and squeezed his hand before turning to help Peter with his trunk.The lump in Sirius' throat diminished momentarily when he stepped onto the platform and saw Mr. and Mrs. Potter beaming and waving at both James and him. He found it was not too difficult to summon up an answering smile as he followed James to where they were standing. He was immediately enveloped in a hug from Dorea Potter, while Charlus did the same to James."Hello dear." Dorea smiled, her motherly face alight with love. She ran a hand down his cheek and smoothed back his shaggy black locks. "Did you have a good term?" Sirius' eyes prickled unexpectedly at the small gesture of affection."It was all right. OWLs were easy enough, Mrs. Potter  Aunt Dorea " he corrected himself with a small smile at her playful frown. "Quidditch was good this year. We won the championship thanks to James' thirty-eight goal streak!"Charlus Potter, a tall man with a greying thatch of unruly hair and keen hazel eyes  two of the many attributes his son had inherited  chuckled at this last remark. "I heard a whisper about that, I believe. One letter, I believe, Jamie? One letter a day, detailing all the play-by-plays." They all laughed as James turned red and bumped his father's shoulder."And I'm sure you played your part in the victory as well. You are an excellent beater, Sirius. And how is the injury now?" Charlus' expression softened to one of concern as he gently took Sirius' arm and turned it to examine the faded blue spot, which was all that remained of a nasty encounter with a bludger."It's much better now," Sirius replied gratefully. "Hardly hurts at all. Madam Pomfrey fixed it in time for the finals, thank Merlin." He had fallen off his broom and had been knocked out when the bludger smashed into his forearm. When he awoke hours later in the Hospital Wing, it was to find the anxious faces of Mr. and Mrs. Potter staring down at him.There had been no sign of his own parents, not even a letter to inquire after his recovery."Well, Sirius, we must be getting home now. We will be expecting you soon, however." Charlus reached up and gripped Sirius' shoulder, keen hazel eyes boring into Sirius' grey ones. "You are welcome at Potter Manor anytime, Sirius; whether Aunt Dorea and I are at home or not. I trust you will remember that."With a nod and forced smile, Sirius raised his hand in farewell and watched their retreating backs. Then he turned to look for his brother, and upon spotting him, turned to make his way towards Kreacher  their sour-faced house elf who stood in a corner of the platform  dragging his heavy trunk behind him.I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Next up: A glimpse into Sirius' home life. Reviews and criticism are always welcome.
