Chapter 1: The AttackJames and Lilly Potter living in Gordic Hallow, Lilly is at home and care for her little children, before she got pregnant she used to work in the little potion shop in the town, her husband James is working in the Ministry Of Magic as a Auror and sometimes is teaching transfiguration in Hogwarts. They have to young children: Harry that is 1 year old and Mia that is only 6 month old.'Today is going be something horrible, I must to tell the order that my family is in danger' thought to herself the young mother Lilly Potter who were watching her two children: Harry and Mia sleeping.She went to the kitchen and prepared the bottles of milk to her kids and looked at the special clock on the wall. 'Where is James? It is already 07:00 soon one of the kids will wake up, something is really happening' she thought again and at the same time her husband James Potter flooded from the fireplace in the living room. "I'm home" he whispered because he saw the light in the kitchen and knew that there was his wife. Then he went straight to the kitchen and kissed his wife. "Honey, what is it? What bothers you my love?" he asked his wife and wait until she started to talk "James, I have a feeling that something will happen here in Gordic tonight, let me just to tell everyone and that I want that somebody will be here to protect the kids, I don't let them die"."Dear, I see that you not the only one who had a feeling like this, Snape and Dumbledore already said me that by their patroonus nearly one hour ago. Also I can add that they both will be here with us tonight and if something will happen we will took the kids and floo to The Borrow, I already talked with Arthur Weasley and it is ok from his wife to have us for couple of days until the danger will be behind us and we will move to Potter Manor" he cuddled his wife and then said "Don't worry love, everything will be fine. "I know that everything will be fine and your parents allowed to us to be in there house, but it means that I will need to open the potion shop again but thanks god that your mother or father will help me with the kids until they could talk and walk by themselves" Lilly said that with a sad and happy voice at the same time. "Harry is already started to talk, it will be not so hard love". "Well dear, he only said 'Ma' and once he calls me 'Mama' so it is only the start" Lily said that and hugged her husband. There was a quit silence until James heard the wimping of his little girl from the checker in the room."C'mon I it is Mia crying, give me Harry's bottle for any case and you will breastfeed Mia" the couple went upstairs and they saw that Harry was steel asleep so James still have time to himself ."Shh, little baby" Lilly whisper and took her little girl to the master bedroom to breastfeed her girl. At the same time James went to change his Auror cloth to a home cloth and went downstairs to prepare a breakfast to him and his wife.Lilly fed Mia, who is on no time fell back to sleep, checked Harry and then went to the kitchen.James was cooking omelets and waiting till the newspaper with an open window. Soon enough everything was ready and the newspaper was on the table, he put to the little bag on owl's leg money and the bird fly away."So after the breakfast I thought to take the kids little bit outside to the fresh air so if you want you can go to sleep couple of hours and then you can prepare for us lunch" Lilly said it to her husband while she was washing the dishes and her husband was reading the newspaper. "Yea, sure I want to sleep, but I thought that today is my day with the kids and also I had a two hours free so I slept at the office so I am not such tired" then he yawned "Ok maybe little bit" they both chuckled and then Lilly went to kiss her husband.From nearly 10:00 till the dinner Lilly was out with her little children in the booster and just talking to one of her classmates that lived in other neighborhood.After the lunch the family has time to her, while Mia was napping. James and Lilly packed the bags for any case and teach Harry some new words. He said once 'Mama' and once 'Papa'. Now he was lying on his parents bad and eats a tooth toy, his father was watching him while his mother was prepare the dinner.At the same time someone had flooded and it was Snape, Dumbledore and professor McGonagall. "Hello, Lilly, James we are here to protect you, it is really have a good smell. Lilly I suppose that you are who cooking and James is upstairs with the kids" Dumbledore entered to the kitchen to greet one of his grates students. "Well you right Professor, come and join I prepare enough food" at the same time James took his kids and put them in their special hand boosters and went downstairs to meet his past teachers and his 'friend' and one of the protectors and the keeping the secret of the family. The dinner was good. The guests got a sleep bags in the living room and the host decided to sleep on the first level for any case. Lilly was right from all the day, the Dark Lord came to Gordic Hallow to kill the Potter family.It was a late night, the door of the Potter house suddenly opened by a spell, all the household except the kids were ready for the battle. The kids were sleeping in their hand boosters near the fireplace, Lilly was in front of the boosters with a wand in her hand, her husband was standing next to her and all the protectors were standing in a new - moon circle. "AVADA KADAVRA" the Dark Lord screams and the green line hit the little cupboard and destroyed it. Once The Dark Lord entered to the room and saw Harry he pointed his wand to the little sleeping boy and shouted "AVADA KADAVRA" at the same time Lilly put a shield spell that retuned his spell like a mirror and it hit him, but a little green line hit Harry's forehead. The two babies started to cry, the woman take each other one and started to cuddle until the men will done the 'black job' .Then he was caught and all his way to the Ministry he saw in front of him three wands, after all of it he was killed by the dementors and Dumbledore. After all this terrible night, Harry got a Scar in the form of a lightning strike that will remind what had happened here. Then the young family moved to the Borrow for some nights and after all the celebrations they moved to the Potter Manor and started their new life.Author note  on the next chapter you will read about 11 years later and the friendship between the Potter family and the Weasley family.
