1 September 1971I am Annicka Llewellyn, and for the next seven years, my years at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, I will be attempting to keep a journal, this journal. I want to remember every horrible, terrifying, wonderful thing that happens to me here for years to come. I am currently on the Hogwarts Express on my way to the castle for the first time. In some ways I feel like I already know it from all of my dad's stories, but I've never been there myself. Those stories that inspired me so much seem to have the opposite effect on my mom. She was absolutely terrified when she heard I'd been accepted to Hogwarts. Dad told her he's a wizard on their third date, and I don't think she's ever really gotten over it. My dad told me it's always super crowded on the train when he went to school, so I was surprised to have a compartment all to myself, until two more people joined me. Most compartments seem to have about six people in them, it's just the three of us in here."What are you writing?" the other girl in the compartment suddenly asked Annicka."Oh, it's just my journal, nothing special," Annicka answered setting aside her pen. "I'm Annicka Llewellyn," she introduced herself belatedly."I'm Lily Evans, and this is my friend Severus Snape," Lily introduced her and the boy across from her."Nice to meet you," the two girls said at once, causing them to smile. Snape said something to Lily then, drawing her attention away. Annicka went back to writing.I've just met Lily Evans and her friend Severus Snape. She seems nice enough, but something about him unsettles me, like he is hiding something. Now isn't the time to think about that. I can feel the train slowing down; we must be getting near the castle. I'll write again when I find out what House I'm in. I hope its Ravenclaw.Annicka set down her pen, placing it and her journal into her school trunk. Lily, Severus, and Annicka then filed into the flow of traffic outside the compartment door, finally making their way to the train platform at Hogsmeade station. "Firs' years! Firs' years over here!" a man rallied of the first years to one end of the platform. He was easy to see as he was fully two feet taller than the tallest person in the crowd, and held a lantern high above his head. "Anymore firs' years? All right now, follow me! Mind yer step now!" the giant man instructed all of the children trailing after him as he led them down a steep narrow path."Excuse me," Annicka asked, stepping closer to the man leading them."Yeah?" he waited for her question. Some of the other students seemed intimidated by him, but she could hear the kindness in his voice."I was just wondering  what's your name?" she asked as politely as she could considering she was trying not to fall over."Oh! I'm Hagrid, Keeper of Keys, and Grounds at Hogwarts," he finished pointing toward the castle. All of the students froze in awe for a moment at the sight of the ancient castle sitting high on a mountain across the lake by which they were standing. "Four to a boat!" Hagrid instructed the students, drawing their attention to the fleet at their feet.Annicka was joined by Lily and Severus, and a boy none of them knew in one of the boats. "Forward!" Hagrid ordered, and the fleet moved off on its own. The boats carried them through an opening in the mountainside into an underground harbor where they disembarked. Hagrid led the students up a long set of steps to the heavy oak doors of the castle. The doors opened and there stood, on the other side, a tall stern looking woman. "Professor McGonagall, I leave them to you," Hagrid stated waving the students on."Thank you Hagrid," Professor McGonagall replied. She led the students to a small chamber just off the entrance hall where she explained the school houses, and about the house cup. Moments later she left them to prepare for the sorting ceremony. When Professor McGonagall returned she led them into the Great Hall where she placed a stool with a hat upon it in the center of the hall.All of the first year students stared in wonder as the hat began to sing. Annicka herself didn't remember the song afterwards as she was too preoccupied by the rest of the hall, the number of the students, and ghosts and the enchanted ceiling. She did notice, however, when the first student was called to be sorted. Professor McGonagall called, "Barnes, Amy" to the front. The girl sat on the stool, and McGonagall placed the Sorting Hat on her head. Amy Barnes seemed nervous when the hat was silent for a moment before shouting out "Ravenclaw!"The line quickly diminished as the first years were sorted into their houses. Annicka noticed Severus Snape's disappointment when Lily Evans was sorted into Gryffindor. Many others were also disappointed as they were separated from friends, and placed in houses opposite of their hopes. When it was finally Annnicka's turn she took a deep breath, and stepped forward to sit on the stool. McGonagall set the Sorting Hat on her head. Annicka was surprised when she heard the Sorting Hat's voice inside her head "Mmm, Llewellyn. I remember your father, I know just where to put you . . . Gryffindor!" the hat shouted to the hall.Breathing a sigh of relief Annicka joined the students at the Gryffindor table, Lily smiled at her. The next Gryffindor sorted was a boy named Remus Lupin, he sat next to Annicka, they introduced themselves and turned back to the sorting. When it was finished Professor McGonagall removed the Sorting Hat and stool form the hall. The Headmaster stood to address the school when she returned to the table."Let me begin by welcoming all of you to Hogwarts. I have just tow announcements. First to all of our new students, please remember that the forest is strictly off limits to all students. Second, Mr. Filch, our caretaker has put a list of banned items on his office door please refer to it if you have any questions; and now for my final words, Dig In." The Headmaster, the great Albus Dumbledore sat amid gasps of surprise from the new students as the most wonderful food appeared on the tables before them. "I can't believe my dad didn't tell me how delicious this food is," Annicka said to herself."Your father told you about Hogwarts?" the boy next to her, Remus Lupin asked."He loved it here, they were his favorite stories to tell me when I was little," she answered casually, "Now he spends all of his time saving people, he's an Auror.""What does your mother do?" he asked again, curious."She's a muggle nurse  my mum hates it when I make the distinction between muggle and witch, but . . ." Annicka trailed off looking around."This is Hogwarts," Remus finished."Exactly," she smiled, pleased by his understanding. "What do your parents do?""They work at the Ministry, on the Magical Reversal squad," Remus answered."I'm sure they see some interesting things," Annicka commented dryly. Remus nodded in response. Dinner passed pleasantly with lighthearted conversations on all sides. Professor Dumbledore dismissed them sooner than they would have liked and the Great Hall emptied.1 September 1971 (still)Gryffindor! I can't believe I made it into the same house as my father. Gryffindors are known for their bravery, I don't know any time when I've been brave. Maybe the Sorting Hat is loosing its touch. On the other hand maybe the Sorting Hat saw something in me that I don't yet. Either way, this is where I am, and this is where I'll stay, good night.Annicka LlewellynAnnicka was one of the first people down to breakfast the next morning. She was joined shortly by Remus Lupin. "You seem excited," he observed as Annicka was bouncing out of her seat."I just can't wait to start Defense Against the Dark Arts," Annicka announced, her smile bright. Students started trickling in soon after, two boys joined them sitting on the other side of Remus. "Who is this?" one of the boys asked pointing at Annicka."I'm Annicka," she introduced herself a little stiffly."What kind of name is that?" he asked with a small laugh."A normal one," she replied taking a bite out of her toast, "what's your name?""Sirius Black," he replied proudly."You're kidding! You get named after a star, and you're making fun of my name?" Annicka laughed and went back to her breakfast."What do you mean I'm named after a star?" Sirius demanded to know."How ignorant are you? You don't even know where your name comes from," she scoffed. Annicka was saved from Sirius' retort by Professor McGonagall, she handed schedules to each student as she passed. Once the Professor was out of earshot she quickly turned to Sirius to inform him, "Sirius is a star in the Canis Major constellation." With a slightly smug smile she left the table."Seriously, who is that girl?" Sirius asked watching her go."I don't know," his friend replied, "but I like her.""Shut up James," Sirius grumbled.2 September 1971Today was a nightmare! Breakfast started off pleasantly enough, until he showed up, Sirius Black. He is the most annoying, pig-headed, ass to ever cross my path! This morning began with an insult from him that I immediately countered, then he proceeded to follow me all day trying to provoke me. Finally, outside the Potions classroom, I lost all patience with him, and was about to knock his lights out when Professor Slughorn saw me and took 10 points from Gryffindor for fighting.Not only did he get me in trouble with a teacher, and the other Gryffindors in our class, but he then proceeded to gloat about it for the rest of the day! I swear the next chance I get I'll get him back for this. Thoguth I suppose the group of Slytherines who decided to harass me after lunch were a bit problematic for my mental health, thankfully Lily Evans came by and helped me out. I think we're on our way to becoming friends. I'm excited about tomorrow though, it's our first day in Defense Against the Dark Arts.Annicka LlewellynRemus Lupin was surprised to see Annicka sitting in the common room late that night, reading on her own. He slowly approached her, trying not to startle her too much, "Hello," he greeted her quietly.Annicka glanced up from her book, "Hello," she replied with a smile."You looked like you were having a rough day earlier," Remus commented, taking a seat next to her."Black gave me a little trouble earlier," she replied her tone annoyed, "but now I'm trying to just focus on tomorrow.""What are you looking forward to?" Remus asked, his voice gently interested."Defense Against the Dark Arts," she replied holding up her text book as evidence."You're really excited about that aren't you?" Remus asked remembering her comment at breakfast."Yeah, I'm just sorry that we won't get to study Weres for a couple of years," she sighed leaning back in her seat."Weres?" he asked raising an eyebrow."You know, werewolves, weretigers, humans who transform into animals because of genetics, or a curse." Remus looked slightly uncomfortable, but she continued. "Creatures like weretigers are really just shape-shifters, because they can't pass it on except to their own children. A werewolf on the other hand, one bite and the blood is contaminated. It's like a virus, re-writing the cellular DNA of the infected person.""How do you know so much?" Remus asked leaning away slightly."When I was little my dad was put in charge of finding Fenrir Greyback, after his first attack on a child. Dad wouldn't let me out of the house for over a week." Annicka explained. "When he realized how scared I was, he taught me something.""What did he teach you?" Remus asked, curious despite himself."That knowledge and understanding can overcome anything," she answered with a small smile."And, do you think you understand now?" he asked."I'm beginning to," she replied. "I met a werewolf once. He was friends with my father, and one night he let us watch his transformation. When I saw how much pain it caused him and how different he was as a wolf  it made me realize that he couldn't be blamed for anything he'd done as a wolf.""Most people don't seem to think so," Remus argued."Yes, well, most people are stupid," she stated. Annicka looked closely at Remus for a moment, "I get the feeling that you're one of the smart ones." The two of them sat in silence for a minute before they seemed to sense that their time was up."It's late," Remus announced. He stood quickly, "Good night," he said over his shoulder as he went up to the boy's dorm."Sweet dreams," Annicka replied, she watched him walk away before going to her own dorm.3 September 1971Our Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher is an imbecile! The only things he knows about the subject he's teaching are the things he's read in the text book. I don't think he's even had to defend himself against another Wizard. Sometimes the people in charge make crazy decisionsSomething has been bothering me since last night. I was talking to Remus Lupin  I meet him at the welcome feast, and he's in my house  we had our first real conversation last night. Somehow we got on the subject of werewolves, and he was so nervous and guarded it was really weird. He wasn't afraid or angry the way some people are, just talking about it, but he seemed like he was afraid I'd find out a secret.He might be a werewolf I'm going to give this some time before I say anything to him. I hope he doesn't get mad, I'd like to get to know him better. He seems really nice.Annicka Llewellyn
