The New StudentSnape had just finished pulling 20 points from Gryffindor when the classroom door creaked open. Peering in was a girl with chocolate brown hair and almond shaped eyes with glasses. Draco started fixing his hair for it was obvious he had an interest in her."Is this potions with Professor Snape?" she asked."Yes my dear." Snape replied.Ron shot Harry a glance of suprise. Snape never called anybody "dear". The girl managed a look of relief and started to the back of the room.Ron stopped her by saying "Excuse me, back there is where the Slytherins sit the Gryffindors sit up here unless you haven't been sorted, but you'd still want to sit up here anyway."She completely ignored Ron and rushed even more quickly to the back of the room. Ron tried once more, "Don't sit back there!"This time Snape interfered "Weasley! I think the girl knows what she is doing leave her alone!"Before Ron could reply and Snape pull anymore points from Gryffindor it was time for lunch. Ron who looked slightly annoyed started complaining about the new student "It's like she couldn't even understand English!""Please Ron she was probably nervous and confused" Hermione stated.Ron rolled his eyes and stormed off. "What do you think she was here for anyway?" Harry questioned Hermione." I don't know, however I suppose we will find out soon enough Dumbledore surely would make an announcement at lunch." Hermione answered.Hermione and Harry found seats at the Gryffindor table and as soon as they sat down Dumbledore stood up."If I could please have your attention.'' Dumbledore announced his blue eyes twinkling."I would like to introduce our new student Maria Pierce she transfered here immediatley when her previous school Durmstrang started to convince them into Dark Magic. Please stand Maria."Maria stood up slightly blushing. To Harry's, Hermione's, and Ron's astonishment she was at the Slytherin table."She has been sorted into Slytherin due to her cleverness, and resourcefulness.""See Ron she knew what to do" Hermione said."I'm suprised she's in Slytherin she seemed nice" Harry said."Just because your nice doesn't mean you can't be in Slytherin" said a long drawling voice belonging to Malfoy."Isn't that right Maria?"The brunette was standing behind Draco and simply nodded in agreement."Come on Maria you don't want to be near these well, if you even want to call them wizards...""You go on ahead Draco I'll be there soon" Maria said."Hi" Harry said to start conversation."Hi" Maria responded."I'm terribly sorry about you getting yelled at by the Professor this morning. I was just nervous and did what the Headmaster told me but I truly do apoligize. Um.. Weasley?" Maria said."You are sure your Slytherin? And it's Ron or Ronald when you get mad at me which will surely happen" Ron said. The girl giggled and responded,"Yes, why?""Its just you know Slytherins aren't usually well...er...kind" Ron said."Well I suppose, but like Draco said not all Slytherins are nasty" Maria stated."Oh and by the way if you didn't know already I'm Maria Pierce.""I'm Harry Potter and this is Hermione Granger" Harry said."Pleased to meet you" Maria said as they shook hands.Harry actually thought it was nice for a change for someone to not go HARRY POTTER REALLY?!"So I guess, besides us have you got any friends?" Harry asked.
