Hey guys, so ever since I stopped my old fic one month ago, I got sort of bored and then I got inspired by some really hilarious fics out there and I've had this at the back of my head for a while now, so... here we go!Basically, it's a long list of pick-up lines and comebacks (should they ever come in handy feel free to use them ;)), involving the ships Draco/Hermione and Harry/Blaise, so if you're homophobic or uncomfortable(nothing's explicit though), you'd better not read this, this is not aimed to offend. It's meant to be light, entertaining and romantic, so thanks to all my readers :) Oh, and if anyone can tell me the ship name of Blaise and Harry (eg. Dramione, Jily, Harmony, etc) it'd be much appreciated.On a particular cold and wintry January evening, in all his Slytherinish, princely glory sat the Draco Malfoy, languidly draped across a stiff armchair by the Slytherin Common Room fire, a hand in his otherwise immaculate blond hair, one white eyebrow arched over his mercurial eyes, fixed on his smirking best friend."Are you joking? Not her.""Why not?""Because! One, I hate her, two, I'm fabulous.""Don't tell me that, you were making goo-goo eyes twenty minutes ago.""Shut up.""What's fabulous got to do with this anyway?""I'm too fabulous for anyone to handle.""Right. But I say Granger, and I'm rooting for it." Blaise Zabini's beautiful grin only widened. Draco groaned and then his lips twisted. Blaise's russet eyes widened for a split second, instantly recognizing the pure evil simmering within Draco's trademirk smirk."Very well, then. But in your case, I'd say... Potter."Blaise choked on nothing. "But-""But nothing."Draco conjured up a bottle of Firewhisky and two glasses from some unknown place and poured out a shot each, passing a glass to Blaise and raising his own halfway to his lips. "For a hundred Galleons on the bet, whoever charms their appointed victim into going out with him first, with the use of pick-up lines, wit and charismatic charm?" he concluded, smirk freshly painted on his luscious lips, looking down at a laughing Blaise with a look of utter triumph in his glinting eyes."I hate you, Malfoy," Blaise said, downing his glass.
