Disclaimer : I do not own Harry Potter, and I'm not J.K. Rowling, obviously, but thanks for asking.Warnings: Slash (nothing too graphic) / Mentions of past child abuse, depressionAN: Oops, I did it again. Erm. So, anyway, new story, new pairing. I hope you'll enjoy this, and please give me some reviews ^^HP-HP-HP-HPDear Charlie,I hope you are well. How are things at the Sanctuary?You are certainly wondering why I am writing to you. I am not really sure, to be honest. I need to get away for some time, and I was wondering if you could allow me to come to Romania and maybe find me a job  anything, I am willing to shovel dragon dung or whatever it is you would need me to do  to earn my keep? I know it is a lot to ask for especially since we do not know each other so well, but I cannot stay here any longer and I don't know who else I can ask for help. Not after everything that happened. Everyone is expecting me to become an Auror and marry Ginny and I'm just feeling like I am choking. I am not sure to know who I am anymore. And I cannot handle all the reporters and crazy fans that are following me everywhere, it is driving me crazy. And there are all these official parties and dinners and Ginny is really happy to attend to those but I'm not, I just want to flee.I probably sound completely insane. Maybe I am. I hope I did not scare you too much. Everyone at the Burrow is fine. George has reopened the shop and he seems happier now. I hope to hear from you soon.HarryPS : Ella is a young owl, she is a bit excitable, I hope she didn't make a mess. I'm sorry if she did.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxDear Harry,You are welcome to come anytime. We'll find something for you to do  we're always understaffed. And it's probably better for you to say you're coming to work with me, Mum would not let you go anywhere on your own. I can write to her if you need me to. Give my love to the whole family. See you soon,CharliePS: Ella is lovely. No mess to report.PPS: Sorry if my letter is so short. I'm not really good with that type of things.HP-HP-HP-HPCharlie watches Harry's beautiful owl fly away with a frown. Nobody has told him that the young man is struggling so much. Then again, nobody tells him much of anything  only Bill gives him some updates on a regular basis and Charlie cannot remember him saying anything at all about Harry.He knows that Harry has been awfully quiet after the final battle, he has seen it after Fred's burial. But he came back to Romania only a few weeks afterwards. It's been six months and everyone seems to be fine, well, as fine as they can be anyway, and nobody has ever told anything particular about Harry, just that he lived at the Burrow and should join the Auror Program with Ron soon. Do they even know how Harry feels? He should probably Fire-call someone at home, but he doesn't want to embarrass Harry or to worry his parents. No, Bill is a safer option.HP-HP-HP-HPCharlie is ready to go to bed when he hears someone softly knocking on the door, and he sighs heavily, wondering what the hell is wrong now and if he will get some sleep at all tonight. He opens the door rather harshly, and is left speechless.Harry is on his doorstep, his right hand still raised in a loose fist to knock, and his left hand holding a worn-out travel bag. There is a cage on the floor and Charlie sees Ella angrily nipping on the bars. Harry's pale, there are dark circles under his eyes, and he looks like he has lost weight  not that he could afford to lose any in the first place."Hi" he says shyly, a fierce blush flooding his face."Er, hi. Well I must admit I didn't expect to see you so soon.""Oh. I'm sorry. I thought... I mean... I got your reply and I-""Relax, Harry, it's alright. I wrote this morning you could come here anytime and I meant it. I'm just surprised, that's all. Come in.""Thanks" Harry whispers, and there is relief and despair in his voice, and Charlie wonders how nobody has seen it before, how nobody has felt how bad it really is. He watches has Harry awkwardly stands in the middle of his living room  well, his main room, that is, the one with the small kitchen and the couch and the fireplace  and he smiles, trying to reassure the teen, trying to show him that he's welcome."So, that's my home. I'm afraid it's not much, but-""It's perfect, Charlie. Thank you so much.""Well, don't thank me until you've seen your room" Charlie chuckles and Harry shrugs with a half-smile that is as warming as it's worrying. "It's meant to be a storage room, in fact, but there's a window, at least. I've cleaned it earlier but we'll have to go and buy you some furniture tomorrow. Do you mind sleeping on the couch for tonight?""No, no, I don't. I'm sorry to cause you so much trouble.""No trouble at all, Harry. Are you hungry? No? Alright, then I think we'd better go to bed, I don't know you but I'm beat. I'll take my day off tomorrow and we'll settle you down properly."The dark haired teen nods a bit stiffly, and thanks him far too many times as Charlie gives him one of his pillows and clean sheets for the couch."Alright, then. Sleep tight, Harry."
