AN: I am fully aware that Theodore Nott and Luna Lovegood are in different years. However thanks to the war their years were all jumbled up. Nott was held back for an additional seventh year and Luna proved herself and skipped ahead a year.According to my time line years 1-5 happened just like the books but number Six is different. Most of it is the same except that Voldemort found out they were destroying his Horcruxes. Severus managed to track down most. In the end Dumbledore and Voldemort fought on the top of the astronomy tower and Dumbledore lost forfeiting the elder wand to Voldemort. However Harry already had the stone and cloak.After Dumbledore's death, Voldemort went after Harry who was in the Chamber of secrets destroying the final Horcruxes. During the middle of the ritual Voldemort shot Harry with a killing curse, effectively destroying the Horcruxes. Harry then reawakens alive and the incomplete ritual backfires shattering what was left of Voldemort. The elder wand then fell into Harry's hand and a mark branded itself into the center of his chest. The mark of the Deathly Hollows. The items fused into his skin, becoming one with his soul and magic. After this The war is over and the Wizarding world continues as normal.Alright I am done talking ENJOY!OH: Still no BetaFalcon OUT!(See the end of the work for more notes.)Chapter ManagementChapter 1The entire class of Seventh year stood in the Great Hall, Headmaster Snape looked down at them with a stack of envelopes before him, "As you should all well know. Your magical education does not have to end with these halls. You have all learned and will now graduate from these ancient walls and move on, whether you choose to move onto a University or go straight into an apprenticeship or career that is up to you. Before me are invitations to certain students within your year who have received early acceptance into Universities that have seen your promise and wish for you to join them and further your education. When I call your name please step forwards."He cleared his throat and called out, "Hermione Granger, University of Merlin"Hermione smiled brightly before going up and accepting her later."Luna Lovegood, University of Merlin.""Neville Longbottom, Elemental Crafts University of London.""Draco Malfoy, University of Merlin.""Theodore Nott, Elemental Crafts University of London.""Blaise Zabini, Sylan Academy of France."Everyone began whispering and clapping politely for everyone who had received a letter. Everyone had gotten one in the local area. Harry stepped over and congratulated Hermione with a smile. As he was about to speak a loud screech interrupted the soft talking.Looking up Harry watched a beautiful falcon fly through the window toward Snape. Landing on the podium the falcon screeched loudly holding out its leg. Severus's eyes narrowed and he looked at the envelope. You could see the eye roll as he stood once more, "Apparently we have one last University acceptance letter. Harry Potter Black, Kai Academy of Magical Arts, Egypt. Congratulations Mr. Potter, you have made it into a very exclusive University."The boy who lived walked up slowly and took the light brown envelope from Snape's hand. Looking down he had never thought about furthering his education after Hogwarts. He didn't even think he would make it this far. Yet here he was, alive and well, though a bit more messed up than before. No one had escaped scaring during the war. It was coming to live with it that was the difficult part. So far in his life he had been through more than most his age and he bared all the marks that came with it.Looking at the envelope he opened it slowly and his eyes widened at what was inside. He looked around carefully and saw that Hermione and Luna had already opened their envelopes.Taking a deep breath he opened his envelope and gasped as a rune circle appeared over the envelope. In the center of the circle was a tall dark haired man with sharp red eyes. He was dressed in a muggle suit and held himself in a very regal pose. The image grinned at him and began to speak in a soft baritone. Everyone in the hall turned to watch.Dear Mr. Potter Black,We are pleased to inform you, that you have been accepted to Kai Academy of Magical Arts. We are an exclusive school that caters to all types of magic and creatures. We believe you would fit well here in the Academy. As a four year program you will be expected to take 8-12 classes per semester. The list of classes are in the envelope.Please be aware that since we are an Academy that caters to different magical creatures, you will have to be accepting of all of them. You are also responsible for warding your own rooms and protecting yourself within the Academy. As a first year you will not be required to heal yourself. However, as of second year your personal health and healing will also be yours to preserve. As mentioned above we have several different forms of housing at the Academy.The listings and prices are below. Please be aware that if you purchase a separate dorm that is not given freely you will be required to furnish it on your own. Please respond by May 20th with all classes and dorm room selections. You will be required to appear at the Academy on August 10th if you require testing for classes you have selected. After testing is completed you may begin furnishing and preparing for the semester.As a final note of warning, I advise you to come to this school fully ready to fight. Although death is not allowed by the rules of the school, there are situations that will allow it. Every creature has their own laws that they follow above the school rules. An insult may cost you your life. Also please be aware that if you fail to graduate within the four year allotted time your life will be sacrifice. If you find during your first year that the school is not a good fit your memory will be removed and you will be sent on your way.Now that you have been warned, in you return letter please in close name, species, and career planning. Also include class list, testing list, and rooming arrangements. Money for Rooms is due first day of term and may be paid at any time between acceptance letter and then.Aberanthia Kai, Headmaster of Kai Academy of Magical ArtsHarry stared as the image flickered out and the same rune circle appeared on the envelope, most likely so it could be replayed later if need be. He jumped as a hand landed on his shoulder. Turning he met Hermione's eyes."Harry, you aren't going to go are you? I'm sure you could get into any University you wanted." Her voice was held a tone of fear.Harry gave her a bright smile, "Of course Hermione, Just let me think on it alright."She nodded and broke away from him to join a now fuming Ron. His jealous streak was truly one of a kind. Harry shook his head and turned back around to come face to face with three Slytherins, Malfoy, Nott, and Zabini.The Italian looked at him and grinned, "Out of all the Universities to invite you. You never do things half way do you Potter?"Harry laughed and shook his head, "Honestly, don't tell Hermione but I think I should go. I don't know if I can just settle down to a stress free peaceful life"Draco nodded before speaking up, "No, you have that fighting spirit that can't be dashed. I'm sure you will be fine, Oh Master of Death."Harry looked at him his green eyes narrowing, "Who told you that?"Nott raised his hand, "I did, I have the ability to see auras, and yours has the ring of death. It is very rare and well since you have all three Hollows it did not take long to connect the dots."Harry nodded, "Well let's keep that between us, not even Ron and Hermione know."The Slytherin's nodded before breaking off and a giggling blond pounced on him from the right. Her radish earring showing out against the pale skin. Her sky blue eyes met her and she leaned forward her breath tickling the shell of his ear, "Make sure to have extra guest rooms, two would do. For courting that is."She smiled at him before skipping off confusion covering his face for only a moment before a bright blush swept across his cheeks. Of all the things she could have said to them, it had to be that. But it also meant that this Kai Academy was the path he was meant to go. He sighed heavily before leaving the great hall. Walking out of the school his path led him to the base of the now forever still weeping willow. The notch that had been used to calm it was now forever broken inward, freezing the tree in its frozen state.Looking down at the envelope he pulled out several pieces of paper, one of which was a blank form. The first was a long list of classes. Unfolding it completely he read over it.Class List:Animagus*ArithmancyAstronomy ^Armed CombatBlood Magic*Charm MagicDark Magic*Divination*Elemental Magic*Feather Magic*Grey Magic*HealingHerbology (Advanced)Illusion Magic*Light Magic*Lust Magic*Necromancy*Parselmagic*Potions (Advanced)RunesSoul Magic*Spell CraftingString Magic*Stone Magic*Study of Magical BeastsSummoningTransfiguration (Advanced)Unarmed CombatWardsWeapon CraftingWeather magic*Wordless/Wandless Magic*Any classes marked * will require an Exam from August 10th to the 13th of the course to determine whether you have the potential for this branch of magic. If you do not meet the requirements you will be transferred to another class. If you wish you may also test out of specific classes and gain the appropriate credits for them. This testing is done August 14th to the 15th.Any classes marked ^ will require a special night based class that is not on the ordinary village, these times will be given to you separately.In order to graduate and be accepted into an Apprenticeship program you must complete the following:1st Year Healing1st Year Unarmed Combat1st Year Armed Combat1 year of any Five Elective Courses3 years of any 3 Elective CoursesGain 1 or more Animagus FormsReceive 1 or more Apprenticeship Request LettersGrumbling to himself he slowly went over the list again in his head, well he was pretty sure he could test out of Animagus and Wordless/Wandless classes. Both he mastered during the war. He had been forced to by Moody, the sadistic bastard may he rot in heaven. Harry always regretted asking the paranoid man to teach him how to fight. Looking at the rest of the list he looked over the rest of the list and made note. Pulling a muggle pen from his pocket he check marked off; Healing, Unarmed, Armed, Blood Magick, Necromancy, Runes, Soul Magic, Study of Magical Beasts and Creatures, Parselmagic, Wards, and Potions. He wanted to branch himself out more and discover other areas of magic. He also knew this was one of the few places that would offer more of the darker styles of magic.Maybe he could find a new path at this school, not something having to do with politics, sports, or the auror program. All of which he knew he would be forced into. Opening the last piece of paper his eyes widened at the selection of rooms that where available. Smiling he reviewed it:Housing Opportunities:Student Dorm: These are the free dorms provided for students who do not wish to pay for separate rooms of their own. You will be required to share one room and bath between you and another student.Single Dorm: This dorm gives a student a room of their own with bathroom attachment. 25GStudious Dorm: This dorm gives a student a room, living area, bathroom, and small study room. 40GDungeon Dorm: This dorm gives the students a room, living area, bathroom, small study, and potions lab. 70GHouse Dorm: This dorm supplies students with a Room, Living area, bathroom, two small study, potions labs, kitchenette, and patio or additional room. 100GMating Dorm: This dorm is for students who have taken a mate, courting, or are looking to court. It has a Room, living area, bathroom, two small studies, potions lab, kitchenette, patio or additional room, along with an additional room for each courting mate. 100G base plus 25G for additional courting room.Trust Luna to know everything. He sighed before turning to the form. Now it was just to fill in this form. He filled in his fully name and his species was obviously human. Next he filled in the bubbles for which classes he wanted while in the notes section he wrote down the two classes he wanted to test out of. Finally at the bottom he filled in that he would be taking the Mating Room with two additional courting rooms. He would just have to pay when he goes in for testing. He also had to apparently go furniture shopping and clothes shopping. Hell he might as well just go all out. This was his chance at a new life, and he was going to grasp it by the horns and ride it to freedom.
