Summary: Fifth year and beyond - Harry's fifth year at Hogwarts isn't going well at all and as he stumbles back from his first detention with Umbridge Harry wonder whether it is all worth it. When Hermione sees the result of his detention a conversation ensues and the fate of the world is changed forever.Warnings: Character Deaths, somewhat OOC characters, OC characters, Morally grey! HarryPairing: Undecided (most likely HP/HG, HP/FD or HP/OFC)PrologueIt had been years since that question had been asked to him for the first time. At that time he had only been a fifteen year old wizard attending his fifth year at Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry, he thought he had known the answer, but in reality his head was only filled with generic things like; it is the right thing to do and revenge for my parents.Now however things were different, no longer was he a fifteen year old boy, but years had passed and a scrawny boy aged into a twenty-five year old man. That man's name was Harry James Potter, son and only child of the late James and Lily Potter and for many years the one known as the boy-who-lived.Ever since several years ago however he had become known by different monikers; in his home country of Britain and parts of Europa he was known as undesirable number one and the one with the highest bounty in the empire. In other parts of Europa he was known as the hero who has managed clash against the tyrant that had crowned himself emperor multiple times and live to tell the tale. Then there were others, refugees from Britain mostly who referred to him as the coward-who-ran-away.At the moment the man known as Harry Potter could care less about what people all around the world thought about him. He had just woken from his sleep a couple of minutes ago and after a quick shower and change of clothing he was sitting on the edge of his bed. Some part of him knew that the battle that was going to happen today would be his last one and as he realised that his mind drifted back to question one of his best friends has asked him when he had been at one of the lowest points of his life.What are we fighting for?Because it is the right thing to do?To Avenge his parents and all his fallen friends?No he was not sitting here relatively intact after fighting for years because he had fought for those reasons. Skill and luck were after all only part of battle, you also needed resolve. After years of fighting his hands had become so stained with blood that Harry knew if he had only some weak resolve like 'it is the right thing to do' he would probably have suffered a significant mental breakdown by now.He however didn't have such a weak mental resolve and was still (relatively) mentally sound. He turned his upper body slightly and he gaze fell upon the still sleeping sight of the person who was one of the major reasons why he was even alive on this day. He smiled softly as he he saw her content smile, his gaze then almost subconsciously moved toward the young woman's stomach, while her stomach was hidden by the sheets that covered his female companion the bulge made it clear where her stomach was and Harry settled his hand on it for a moment.Who would have thought that the boy who had been called freak for nearly a decade and had thought he would always be alone would one day fulfil his deepest desire. While the image he had seen in the Mirror of Erised had not come true as none of his long dead relatives had come back from beyond the veil he was more than happy with his beautiful daughter and the son who was still growing and still needed a month or so until he could join his sister and parents in the land of the living.Then after several more moments of blissful peace a look of resolve appeared on Harry's face as he removed his hand and used it to draw his wand. ''I'm sorry,'' he whispered before he aimed his wand and muttered, ''Somnus.'' A white beam of magic left his wand and struck his female companion.He then sheathed his wand back in it's holster and called for his house elf, ''Dobby.''The elf appeared moments later and Harry gave the serious looking elf a small smile as the elf asked, ''Is it time, master?''Harry nodded, ''Yes, yes it is. Harry moved and kissed the sleeping woman on her forehead and then stood up. ''You know what to do, Dobby.''The elf merely bowed again and while Harry had the feeling he wanted to say something he held his mouth. Harry gave the elf one last smile before he moved to the door and opened it. ''You have been a good friend to me, Dobby never forget that.''Having said those words Harry moved forward, forward to a battle which was over two decades in the making. It was time to face against the emperor, it was time to fight for the future.
