DISCLAIMER: All Harry Potter characters, settings, quotes and plots, which you recognise from the Harry Potter series, belong to J K Rowling. This disclaimer will apply to every single chapter in this fanfiction.NOTE TO READERS: The fanfiction starts when Harry, Ron, Hermione and the others all come back to Hogwarts for their Seventh Year, to complete their NEWTs. The war has ended in Harry's Sixth Year and Voldemort is dead. I am writing from HERMIONE'S POV. You also may find Draco Malfoy (and sometime other characters too) OOC ...Also, this is my first ever shot at writing a fan fiction so no flames please! But nevertheless, I hope you enjoy it :)"I actually have to go to the Heads' Compartment as I'm headgirl," I said standing up. "I wonder who the headboy is ...""'Mione, whoever the it is, if he annoys you or irritates you -" Ron started for the hundredth time.Ron had been like that since we broke up. We kissed in the Chamber of Secrets but that was like a in the moment kind of thing ... after that, we dated for a bit but then it just got awkward between us. So I broke up with him. Harry thought that it was going to cause even more awkwardness between the three of us but Ron and I are still best friends like we used to be, and all is well. But the only thing that still bothers me is that Ron's feelings towards me still haven't changed."Ron, for the hundredth time, stop getting overprotective of me," I said. "I can look after myself just fine. And ... where are Ginny and Harry?""Oh they got on the train together," Luna said. "But I didn't see them ... after that.""Harry's with Ginny!" Ron exclaimed standing up."Ron, sit down," I snapped. "They haven't spent time together since the war ... let them ... talk.""Talk?" Ron repeated angrily. "I don't think they're talking! I can't believe Harry decided not to talk to me about this! She's my sister, Hermione!""Ron you can talk to Harry when we reach school," I said. "But till then you're not going to do anything stupid. Anyways, I'm going to the Heads' compartment. I'm late already. I have to meet the Headboy and arrange the Prefects meeting which is - oh no! - in half an hour now! I barely have any time left!""Fine," Ron huffed as I walked out."I think everyone just has Wrackspurts in their ears," I heard Luna say in her usual dreamy voice."What are Wrackathingies?" Ron asked confused.I shook my head and smiled as I walked down the corridor. Somethings never changed. But I was glad everything was going to finally go back to being normal again. We were speeding past huge green fields now.I opened the door to the Heads Compartment and my jaw dropped open too."I know I'm handsome and everything, Granger, but stop gawking at me like a fish," Malfoy said amused as I came and sat down in the empty seat opposite him. "It's not attractive.""I'm not trying to be attractive," I said. "But you're headboy?""Well, I'm not in here for fun," Malfoy shrugged."Alright," I said awkwardly finding it very weird that he hadn't insulted me yet."Listen, Granger," Malfoy said shuffling forward, closer to me. "We're practically going to be living with each other for the whole year. I would rather not listen to your constant bickering or your unwitty remarks about everything the rest of this year, so I think we should call a truce."I just looked at him."I don't understand," I started, "whether I should be angry that you've just insulted me or whether I should be surprised that you want to call a truce! Tell me, Malfoy, are you sick?""Granger, do you prefer it when I'm mean to you then?" he smirked. "Honestly, you should see your face in a mirror right now. It's priceless.""Trust me, yours would be too, if you were in my place," I said, still not believing that this was Malfoy sitting here, who wanted to call a truce with me."Granger, so what do you say?" Malfoy asked as he extended out his hand."To what?" I asked."Our truce," Malfoy said. "If you keep out of my way, I'll keep out of yours. It's as simple as that.""Sounds fine to me," I said, after a second of thought, as I shook his hand.When our hands touched, it was like a spark of emotions I had never felt before went through me ... It felt indescribable. I quickly pulled my hand from his, my cheeks suddenly feeling hot. I so hoped I wasn't blushing.I wasn't the only one. Malfoy looked away awkwardly too."Right, the Prefects Meeting ..." he said, completely changing the topic."Hermione," Harry said after Professor McGonagall finished her welcome back speech, "you haven't said a word since we got off the train. Is everything okay?""And final announcement before we start eating," Professor McGonagall was saying. "After the feast, can I have the headgirl, Hermione Granger, and the headboy, Draco Malfoy, up here at the teachers desk, please? Thank you. Now tuck in everyone!"Delicious food appeared on the tables.I looked over at Ron sitting on my other side - he was talking to Dean and Seamus and was absorbed in a conversation about Quidditch."Malfoy is headboy," I whispered back to Harry."What was Professor McGonagall thinking?" Harry whispered back."It's probably going to be something to do with Interhouse Unity or something but that's not all," I continued. "He called a truce with me and he hasn't insulted me once yet.""I don't understand what he's up to," Harry said after a second. "But whatever it is, it can't be good. Stay careful of him, okay?""Okay, Harry," I smiled. "Also, what's going on between you and Ginny?""We're together again," Harry sighed, "though I don't know how to break that through to Ron. He doesn't even let me stand anywhere near her. You saw how he was over the holidays. I would be really glad if I could get some help here.""I'll see what I can do, Harry," I said as I put some food onto my plate.As I did so, I felt someone look at me. I look up and caught the eye of a certain Slytherin for a few seconds during which it felt like my heartbeat quickened considerably. I quickly looked down. Why was I acting like this?"Well, I hope you two can put aside your rivalry and act like good role models for other students as Headboy and Headgirl," Professor McGonagall was saying to us after the feast as she led us to the Heads' Common Room and dorms."We won't let you down, Professor," I assured.I was sure to say this was going to be an interesting year."What she said," Malfoy shrugged."Well, here we are then," Professor McGonagall said, stopping outside a stone door which had Sir Cadogan's portrait on it."Aha!" Sir Cadogan in the portrait said. "What villains are these, that trespass my private lands! Come to scorn at my fall, you perchance? Draw, you knaves, you dogs!""Out of all of the paintings, you had to give us this one," Malfoy said annoyed."Mr Malfoy, watch your tone," Professor McGonagall warned. "We would have given you a better suited painting to guard your Common Room door but we're still trying to recover from the damage done to the school by the war. At the moment, this is the only painting that that would best guard your Common Room door."Malfoy frowned. I didn't blame him."Loyalty," Professor McGonagall said and the stone door opened. "Loyalty is the password."The three of us entered through the door. Straight ahead was a huge fireplace across the room with two couches in front of it. In the far right corner of the room, there was a working table with two wooden chairs. There were two doors on the right and a door on the left side of the room. Professor McGonagall led us to the two door on the right."These will be your dormitories," Professor McGonagall. "They are decorated in your respected house colours and you will find that your trunks are already there. Across the room, is a bathroom which the two of you will be sharing. And this is your Common Room.""It's very nice, Professor," I commented as I looked around.Malfoy just nodded."Now that I've shown you I needed to, is there anything you two need before I go?" Professor McGonagall asked."Just put a silencing charm on that painting," Malfoy said flatly. "That would do everyone down this corridor a great favour."Sir Cadogan was still screaming 'you fools' and other insults to no one in particular."I will deal with Sir Cadogan before I go," Professor McGonagall said. "Anything else?""No, Professor," I smiled. "We'll be fine from here.""Okay, Miss Granger, Mr Malfoy," Professor McGonagall said. "Best of luck for the year ahead and I will see the both of you at breakfast. Goodnight."With that, she turned around and left the room, closing the door behind her.I turned around and looked at Malfoy.He looked back me and smirked and was about to say something but I stopped him."Don't say anything," I said. "I'm too tired to deal with you right now. And drop that smirk.""I haven't said anything," Malfoy continued to smirk."Goodnight, Malfoy," I sighed."Friendly much, Granger?" Malfoy said as I walked off to my dorm room. He was obviously trying to get on my nerves. Perhaps, he didn't know what our truce meant. I would explain it to him in the morning but right now, I was too tired for anything."Um, goodnight?" he said as I closed my dorm door.Well ... here the first ever chapter to my first ever fanfiction! :D Why do you think Draco is being so different to Hermione this year?Tell me! :DAlso, good luck to everyone that has exams right now!AwesomeSauce789xxx
