Disclaimer. I don't own Harry Potter or anything related to the books. No money is being made with this story.Chapter 1 WandlessMost pure-blood children eagerly awaited the day they went to buy their first wand. The Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery had been a source of resentment among pure-bloods ever since it had been issued back in 1875. Even though it had never been said explicitly, none of them doubted that the law only existed to deny the pure-blood children superior magical skills, a simple form of levelling down.Rodolphus Lestrange however was not "most pure-blood children." He didn't question the common perception about the reasons for the restrictions on childhood magic use but unlike his peers, he doubted a wand would do him much good. Through all the years he had spent in his mother's house, his magic hadn't shown itself except for a few dubious situations where people who had annoyed him experienced sudden pain. No one really wanted to believe that this was his doing though.Rodolphus had almost resigned himself to the fate of a Squib, rejected by the world he had grown up in and alone in one he had never set foot in, never had been looked at with anything but disdain. The name Rodolphus Lestrange would have been wiped off the family tree as if he had never existed. While families such as the Blacks kept the burn marks as a reminder and warning for generations to come, the Lestranges made members not up to their standards vanish completely. Squibs, proof of someone's transgression, of impure blood in the family line. Or maybe proof of something else or so he had heard them whisper, proof of setting too much stock in purity, of marrying too close.His mother had never stated it openly but the many instances of magic that seemed to happen to the other children including his mother were evidence enough. Rodolphus might lack magical skills but he was no fool. There was evidence enough if their parents didn't lie like Rodolphus' mother did whenever someone brought the subject matter up. He doubted that the others believed her though. He had actually seen proof of Evan Rosier's or Bellatrix Black's magical prowess but never given any of his own.Rodolphus wasn't sure who had been more surprised, himself or his mother, when the letter for Hogwarts did arrive. No Squib after all, magic enough to go to school.Rodolphus knew he should be happy. He wasn't bringing the greatest shame possible on the family name after all. He was a wizard, a worthy heir, everything was fine. Just that it wasn't. This letter didn't turn him into a capable wizard; he still couldn't hope to compete with the others who seemed to have so much more magic."Come on, it's time to go," Rodolphus' mother said. Her happiness about the news was much greater than his own. Having produced a Squib was a great shame for any pure-blood mother because it always came with the suspicion she might not have been faithful to her husband. If the husband was still alive, he could use the necessary spells to clear these doubts of cause but many didn't because blaming the woman was easier than accepting that they might have fathered a Squib. Rodolphus' father no longer lived to make this decision."Mother, will you buy me a new broom? A faster one? There's the new Cleansweep out."Rabastan was four years younger than his brother but had shown magic on three occasions already. Like so many young witches and wizards, he was fascinated by Quidditch. Rodolphus never went near a broom, his mother didn't trust his magic to keep him in the air and neither did he."You don't need a faster broom until you're older," Renata Lestrange told him.Rabastan didn't want to take "no" for an answer, Rodolphus listened only half-heartedly. They travelled to Diagon Alley by Portkey, a means of transportation Rodolphus found much more pleasant than Floo Powder even though many people were known to disagree. He had even learned to land gracefully by now; his mother had made him practice countless times in a row as a child so he wouldn't embarrass himself and her in public.Diagon Alley was crowded as always. A few people turned their heads at the new arrivals but went on with their shopping right afterwards."We get it done more quickly if we split. I'll go to Gringotts with Rabastan and we'll get your books and cauldron, you can get your robes and potions ingredients. We meet at Ollivander's.""Alright," Rodolphus said. Rabastan had yet to learn the art of patient, dignified waiting.Rodolphus knew that he would get to Knockturn Alley if he walked past Gringotts and further. For a moment, he fantasized about being a respected dark wizard who could walk through there safely inspiring fear in lesser wizards and witches. Currently, not only his skills but also his age kept this dream from becoming true. He doubted that even Bellatrix Black would receive much respect if she walked in there at age eleven. A visit to Knockturn Alley was a very foolish idea indeed and Rodolphus didn't cherish it for long. Obediently, he went where his mother had sent him.At Madam Malkin's, two giggling girls were already being outfitted. Rodolphus had to wait and spent the time observing them. One of them was round-faced and slightly plump, the other thinner with blond hair. Rodolphus hadn't met either of them before but he caught a few wisps of conversation. They discussed their future lives as Hufflepuff students which explained why they weren't familiar to him. They were probably from wizarding families but not from the kind the Lestranges tended to associate with."Hello there," the round-faced girl had noticed him."Well, hello," Rodolphus said. A thousand things went through his head, among them the question if his mother would be embarrassed if someone overheard him talking to them."Are you starting Hogwarts as well?""Yes, I do. You too?" It was a stupid thing to ask, Rodolphus knew that. She had just told him she did."Yes, both of us. I'm Alice Fawley by the way."Rodolphus knew the name Fawley. They were well-known for their skill with plants. The Fawleys were pure-bloods and probably appropriate company in his mother's eyes. In this case her parents were more likely to object. His family name wasn't very respected in these circles. Pure-bloods were divided even though there were so few of them they better should stay together or so Cygnus Black kept saying.Still, an introduction was in order, anything else would have been impolite. "My name's Rodolphus Lestrange."Alice's eyes widened in surprise. "Really? And I thought you might be Muggle-born."Rodolphus' heart beat furiously. He clenched his fists. How dare she? No one had insulted him like this before. Madam Malkins stopped pinning up the robes and shook her head."I'm sorry. I didn't mean to insult you, I really didn't. There's nothing wrong with being Muggle-born," the Fawley girl said.Rodolphus barely listened. He knew he should do something but he didn't know what. He didn't have a wand yet and even if he did, it probably wouldn't have done him much good. Not that he expected her to be a great duellist. Maybe they'd have to fight it out via a planting competition. The mental image was so amusing, he smiled despite of the situation."I'm really sorry," Alice repeated. "It's just, you were looking a bit lost, that's why I thought...""Muggle-borns are accompanied to Diagon Alley by a teacher." It was the first time the other girl had spoken."Really, are they?""Yes, they are.""You really should think before talking," Madam Malkin advised. "There are people who wouldn't have taken this well at all. You're lucky that the young man was so gallant."Rodolphus' face burned. He wasn't gallant; he simply lacked the necessary abilities to do something about such a situation. Well, he could have beaten her up like some of his peers probably would have done without a wand but two against one, the odds weren't very good. He was a coward, nothing more, and seemingly, he even looked like a Mudblood. No one had told him that before but the Fawley girl probably wasn't the only one who felt that way. At least she had the decency to look somewhat embarrassed."I'm sorry, this didn't go well at all," the other girl said. "I'm Dorcas Meadowes by the way. What house do you think you'll be in? Slytherin or somewhere else?"The Meadowes family worked at the Ministry. They were a few generations of wizards but no proper pure-bloods. The Meadowes had a tendency to marry half-bloods and the like, even a werewolf was said to be among her ancestors. Rodolphus didn't answer her question. He did expect to go to Slytherin. His mother had been a Ravenclaw but most family members had been Slytherins and the people he knew all expected to go there as well. In Slytherin, he definitely wouldn't have anything to do with those two anymore. Madam Malkin began talking animatedly about the weather and all three customers gave a few polite answers. Rodolphus was quite glad when the girls finally had fitting robes and left the store. To his relief, no one else turned up while he stood on the stool and tried on his new school robes. It was quite an exposed position and he didn't want to face anyone this way. At least, it didn't take too long and he could pay and leave.The visit to the apothecary was much more pleasant. Rodolphus' mother was skilled with potions and had often allowed him to help her prepare the ingredients. He liked the various smells of plants in different states of processing and even those of the conserved animal parts often considered unpleasant by others. The power contained in the ingredients and released by careful handling was intriguing.The apothecary collected Rodolphus' things as another boy walked into the room. His short hair was brown with a hint of red, not dark blond like Rodolphus' and he walked into the shop in an easygoing manner. No one would confuse Evan Rosier with a Mudblood, it was clear that he belonged into the wizarding world."Rodolphus, nice to meet you. Did you already get your wand?""Not yet," Rodolphus said. "We want to collect it last.""I didn't want to wait any longer than necessary." He withdrew an elegant-looking wand from the pocket of his robes. "Elm and dragon heartstring. The dragon killed five people trying to train him before he got killed and his heart taken."Rodolphus tried to voice some enthusiasm. Elm wands were the only ones known to choose pure-bloods only and dragon heart string was the best core for those interested in the darker and more combative aspects of magic. Evan's parents would surely be satisfied. Rodolphus was sort of relieved that he didn't have his own wand yet. Maybe he'd end up with cherry and unicorn hair or similar.The apothecary had collected Rodolphus' ingredients and went to fetch Evan's."Do you think you'll like Potions? I've heard it's quite difficult but Slughorn is the Slytherin head of house. He might give us some extra support.""Maybe. I'd rather be able to do it myself though," Rodolphus said. He probably wouldn't have much of a choice anyway. His father used to be a member of the Slug Club but Rodolphus doubted that he would be chosen for this as well. Slughorn had probably heard about his magic issues from some of his many acquaintances. His father had also been chosen for the Slugclub before Rodolphus' uncle Rollo had been killed serving the continental dark lord Grindelwald. Rollo's behaviour had damaged the family's reputation considerably because they had failed to disown him in time. As far as Rodolphus knew, he had kept true to the pure-blood cause but tortured animals and other children including his siblings and cousins like Rodolphus' mother from a young age and later on served Grindelwald in this capacity."Still, it can't hurt if we get along with him," Evan said. "Most other teachers keep favouring the Muggle spawn. Dumbledore tries to hire only this kind. They try to keep Slytherin down as much as possible" He shook his head. "It's a shame.""Yes, I know." Rodolphus' uncle had sent his cousin Rodlando to Durmstrang for this reason but his mother didn't want the same for him. Maybe she didn't consider him capable of passing the entrance test and getting along there or maybe the family feared he like his cousin would fall in love with a foreign witch and remain on the continent. "But Dumbledore is supposed to be the most powerful wizard of our time. I think alienating him too much would be unwise."Evan sighed and took a few steps closer. "He might not remain that for long anymore. There's someone else, a wizard of extreme power. We only need to be patient, our time will come.""Your potions set, Mr Rosier," the apothecary said. The doorbell rang once again and Alice Fawley and Dorcas Meadows walked in.Rodolphus was relieved he didn't have to answer. Politics didn't interest him too much; his main concern was making it through Hogwarts without embarrassing his family too much.Maybe Evan got the message, maybe he didn't want to say too much in front of all the others."I'm really looking forwards to finally being in Slytherin," Evan said. "My parents told me so much about it. You have to help me keep Bella and Sirius Black from killing each other though."Rodolphus laughed. Sirius loved to bait his family and Bellatrix almost always fell for it."Let's hope the boys' and girls' dormitories aren't that close," he said not quite honestly. Rodolphus really liked the idea of being able to watch Bellatrix Black all day. Unlike him, she was an example of pure-blooded perfection and she had even talked to him politely more than once before."I can't await it," Evan said. "Finally not being watched by mother and father all day anymore.""We'll be watched by teachers instead.""Yes, but they won't be everywhere all the time." Evan looked towards the window and sighed. "Here's my mother, I need to leave. See you on the train"The potion ingredients and the conversation with Evan had made Rodolphus feel much better. Maybe Hogwarts would be fun after all. He might be good in Potions and he certainly would do well in Herbology because he had helped take care of the magical plants in the Lestrange garden from a young age. His mother didn't want to entrust the House Elves with them. They could cook and clean but growing magical plants required much more. This made two subjects already and he'd also do well in the theoretical parts of all the others.In front of Ollivander's wandshop, his mother and Rabastan were waiting. Rodolphus' brother held an ice-cream cone and a package that looked suspiciously as if it carried a new racing broom."I'll buy you a broom as well if you want one," knowing fully well that he didn't. He knew that she would buy him one though but Rabastan needed to learn that he couldn't have anything right away. Or else the little brat would become too obnoxious.Rabastan waited outside with his ice-cream while Rodolphus and his mother went into the shop."Good afternoon, Madam Lestrange, you're here to buy a wand for your son.""Obviously," Rodolphus' mother said more crisply than he considered necessary.Ollivander first took Rodolphus' measurements in an elaborate way Rodolphus considered quite unnecessary. Wasn't the wand supposed to match his magic, not his body?"Here, try this one. Cypress and Phoenix feather."Rodolphus' mother already looked doubtful and she was right. When Rodolphus touched the wand, there was no reaction whatsoever.The same happened with the elm and dragon heartstring one he tried next even though he really hoped for this one to match. It didn't and neither did the one combining dragon heartstring with ebony.At first, Ollivander seemed to be excited by this. He kept offering more and more wands but none of them matched. Rodolphus himself tried to let this reassure him but it became more and more difficult the longer it took. There was no spark whatsoever, the same problem he had experienced all along.Almost an hour later, Ollivander seemed more worried. After offering and taking back a wand combining ash and Phoenix feather, he gave up."I'm really sorry Madam but we don't seem to have anything that matches your son at the moment. This is rare but it happens, especially in old pure-blood families. Maybe you should try for a custom made wand made from something connected to your family."Rodolphus barely listened. This was the worst possible outcome. There was no wand that matched him, he didn't have enough magic."How long would this take?" Mrs Lestrange asked."Well, you need to know that the creation of a wand is a highly demanding task that depends strongly on the materials used, the time of the magic year and many other factors. You could accept it around Halloween I think.""This is ridiculous. My son starts Hogwarts at the first of September," Mrs Lestrange said. "I'll provide him with a wand in our family's possession. Have a nice day."With that she led her son out of the shop. "He's only trying to get more money from us. What he suggested might work with the wood but the core needs to be from a magical creature still alive or killed a short time ago. We can't provide that and no one guarantees that the wand will match this time.""You think he gave me the wrong wands on purpose?" Rodolphus asked. "So he could sell something more expensive?""That's exactly what I believe. Let's go home now."Rodolphus desperately hoped his mother was right. She had to be right. It was because of Ollivander's greed, not Rodolphus' lack of magic, it had to be. The seed of doubt however remained. His magic was weak, he knew that.At home, Rabastan wanted to try out his new broom, at least she hadn't told him. Rodolphus went into one of the rooms where they kept artefacts that weren't needed and not valuable enough to keep at Gringotts. Among them was rather large stack of wands. Trying them out felt almost like it had done at Ollivander's. This time, the wands felt as if they contained some strange power that seemed to whisper a variety of confusing things to Rodolphus. Some of them sent very disturbing images, of fear, pain and despair. He couldn't imagine using any of them for his own spell-casting. Way too distracting.When he took another wand, he felt something different however. This wand made him feel powerful, a feeling that resembled what he had experienced when his opponents suddenly found themselves in pain. For a split second, he was sure he had seen a small, purple spark.His mother seemed to have seen it as well. "Yes, take this one. It's actually one of the few wands here that actually belonged to your ancestors; the others have been won by them in fights."Rodolphus nodded but he wasn't sure. Whatever this feeling was, it didn't seem to belong to him. Could this really work? It was the only time anything magical had happened though. Maybe he was so unused to it that it felt strange and disturbing."Who did it belong to?"His mother sighed. "This used to be the wand of Rinaldo Lestrange. You've seen his portrait down on the corridor."Rodolphus knew that name. "The Cruciatus curse theorist?"His books were among those Rodolphus' mother didn't allow him to touch."Yes," Mrs Lestrange said slowly. "And he didn't limit himself to the theory. But we don't really have a choice, things are the way they are. You'll take this for now and maybe we can visit another wandmaker during your holidays. Rodlando might know someone from Durmstrang"Rodolphus nodded. He was sort of relieved that he had found a wand that worked for him somehow but the difficult search had made his confidence diminish once more. Any normal witch or wizards, even the Mudbloods found matching wands but he did not. He probably wasn't far away from being a Squib..etWikipedia: .et is the country code top-level domain for Ethiopia. "Et" is also the French and Latin word for "and", which would permit many domain hacks. Registrations are made at the second and third level. 
