Ch 1Severus Snape watched the sleeping figure of Sinead on the bed next to him. It was a rule not to have relationships between staff within Hogwarts but Dumbledore had looked the other way when Sinead came to work with Professor Slughorn helping to tutor struggling students and she also taught first years. Her face was resting against Severus's chest. Things hadn't always been this way for the pair. When Sinead arrived just a few short weeks after Voldemort's return Severus felt nothing towards her. Sinead physically reminded him of Lily, her red hair and complexion but instead of bright green eyes Sinead's were blue that varied in shade depending on her mood. Like himself she was a Potions expert and her findings on a new longer lasting Wolfsbane potion was the talk of the wizarding world. She was 10 years Severus's junior but once they began talking about potions Severus could see she was wise beyond her years.Sinead had apprenticed under Nathaniel Johnson the noted Potions master who had worked at Durmstrang. Johnson had settled just outside Salem, MA where there happened to be a rather large witch and wizard population. He was in retirement but once he heard about Sinead he took her on as an apprentice. Unlike most witches and wizards Sinead didn't study at a formal wizarding school but worked with mentors just about everyday after school. He knew it was going to happen tonight and the thought of leaving her and letting her think the worst about him was too much to bear. Dumbledore had suggested bringing Sinead in on their plan but Severus refused to put her in that position. Sinead had been trying to tell him something early in the night when he silenced her with kisses.It still amazed him everyday that someone of her beauty loved him. They were bonded that much was clear but Severus began using Legilimency and Occlumency to test the bond between and he found a way to block his emotions from passing to her. He let her feelings continue to pass to him and he planned to continue to do that as a remembrance of why he was doing what he was doing. Severus was playing with Sinead's long red hair when he looked at the clock on the wall of Sinead's chamber and then dressed quickly."Where are you going?" She asked sleepily."Just to patrol, I'll be back shortly." He lied as Sinead snuggled into the blanket."Wake me when you get back. I need to tell you something important." Before Severus could reply he heard her soft snores. At least she would be safe, everything he was doing was to keep her and Potter safe.Severus slipped out of the room and went to go monitor what was happening in the castle. He watched in the shadows as Draco Malfoy led Death Eaters from the Room of Requirement. He made his way to the tower where Dumbledore was going to return and waited. Sure enough Dumbledore and Potter arrived moments later. When Dumbledore heard approaching steps he told Harry to hide. Draco disarmed the powerful wizard and then began to panic. Severus came out of the shadows as he heard Bellatrix coaxing Draco to do it."Severus please." Dumbledore said softly."Avada Kadavra!" Severus said sending Dumbledore's body flying out of the tower."Come Draco." Bellatrix said as the pale haired boy stared at his professor. Sinead awoke with a pain in her chest and felt that Severus was in trouble. She dressed quickly and used a spell to follow his steps. She was nearly there when Harry who was running crashed into her."What happened?""He did it, Snape killed Dumbledore." Harry looked at her shocked face then took off in a run."You must be mistaken." Sinead yelled sprinting after him. They raced outside with Harry gaining on the Death Eaters."Face me you coward!" Harry yelled aiming his wand at Severus. The other Death Eaters turned on the pair."I'll kill him." Bellatrix sneered."No you won't." Sinead said stepping in front of Harry as the two women began to duel."He is for the Dark Lord." Severus snapped pushing Bellatrix off balance allowing Sinead's spell to send her flying into the Forbidden Forest."You killed him! He trusted you and you killed him!" Harry said moving to face Snape as Sinead watched in shock she was waiting for some sign from Severus but he gave none. Harry threw curses at Snape but the older man blocked them."Using my own curse against me. I'm the Half Blood Prince." Snape said coldly as Harry fell to the ground."Severus-" before she could finish he was gone.Harry led the way to Dumbledore's body as the Dark Mark flew over Hogwarts. Sinead went to alert the rest of the staff about what happened as Ron and Hermonie joined Harry. The school was gathered sending sparks into the air. Poppy saw to it that Dumbledore's body was moved as Professor McGonagall took charge sending students back to their house common rooms. She took Harry and Sinead to Dumbledore's former office to find out what happened. Harry gladly put his memories in the pensive for Sinead and Professor McGonagall to see. Minerva went about alerting the Ministry about what happened as Sinead went to the owlrey and began to contact members of the Order.Early in the morning she crawled into her bed and sobbed into the pillow that smelled like Severus. Poppy was the only person who knew of Sinead being pregnant and the older witch checked in on her the next afternoon. Sinead was sick in the bathroom. She knew how to brew a potion to stop morning sickness but she was too ill to do so."Come on, dear. Let's get you up and showered. I have ordered a batch of the potion from Diagon Alley and it arrived this morning. I think with your abilities you'd be best to brew it on your own, hopefully this will get you through the day." Sinead nodded and forced herself into the shower as Poppy called a House Elf to bring Sinead breakfast and left the potion on the bedside table. As suggested Sinead took the potion and she made her way to the potions lab. Luckily Horace was not around so Sinead brewed a large batch of the morning sickness potion and bottled it then returned to her room to drop the bottles off. Sinead wandered up to the staff room where Horace was sitting there and looked to be in shock."Sinead, how are you my dear?" He asked as Sinead shrugged."It hasn't really set it yet. I'm sure it'll be a few days before-""I just can't believe it. I've known Severus for years..." Horace said looking at Sinead who began to get teary eyed. "Oh dear, I shouldn't have-" He mumbled nervously as Sinead wiped at her cheeks."I-I should get used to that. I just never thought-I really don't know what to think." Sinead whispered as Horace pulled her into a awkward hug. After a few minutes Sinead went to see if she could offer any help to Minerva but the older witch could see Sinead was in no condition to help and asked her to check on potion supplies for Poppy. Sinead was glad for some distraction and went to work on the handful of potions Poppy needed. As Sinead worked she received an owl from Trent who wanted to make sure she was ok. Sinead wrote a quick reply that she was and she would be in contact with him in a few days. Ginny who hadn't left Harry's side seemed to be on edge."You want to check on her don't you?" Hermione asked as Ginny frowned a bit. She was sitting on a couch in the Gryffindor common room, Harry's head was in her lap."Ginny, why don't you do that? I need to talk to Ron and Hermione about something." Harry said sitting up."Are you sure?""Yea, go ahead. I know Sinead must be in shock and she could use a friend." Ginny walked out of the common room with the trio and then headed towards the dungeons, she knew Sinead would be brewing or in her own room. Ginny walked into the lab to see Sinead finishing up a headache remedy."Oh Sinead." Ginny said walking into the lab. Sinead stopped stirring her lip quivering."I-I just don't understand." She said breaking down in tears. Ginny walked over the to the older witch and hugged her as she sobbed.
