Even dark magic has small printChapter 1Harry was whisked away to Grimmauld place as soon as Poppy had bandaged up his arm and Professor Snape had checked him for dark magic, when Harry arrived at the house of the noble Blacks; he was engulfed in a hug by his very concerned godfather, Sirius Black.After making his own decision that his fact his godson was alright, they began talking about what had occurred in the cemetery. That's when Harry told them about Peter's part in the whole resurrecting the dark lord.Sirius looked at Remus then back at Harry "are you sure those are the exact words that Peter used Harry?" Harry looked at his father's friends "yes, bone of the father, flesh of the servant and blood of the enemy, then Voldemort appeared in the cauldron"Molly looked at the two marauders "it couldn't be, Peter is not that stupid is he?" Sirius ran to the front door of the house quickly followed by Remus, Harry stood in the kitchen doorway "what is going on?" the two marauders apparated on the spot.Harry turned to face Molly "Mrs. Weasley what is going on? Why did Remus and Sirius leave?" Molly smiled and placed her hand on his shoulder "they are just going to investigate something my dear, now why don't you kiddies go into the library and do your homework"Fred and George looked at her "Kiddies? We are full grown wizard's woman" Molly looked at them "while you live under my roof you will be considered children" Fred and George looked up at the roof "this is Sirius's roof mother so we are full grown wizards"Molly swatted their arms "don't get smart with me you two, you will always be my babies no matter how old you get" Fred and George smiled at Ginny "at least we aren't the baby of the family" they hugged Ginny tightly "love you sister"Harry walked over to Hermione "know anything about the magic that Peter cast" Hermione shook her head "no sorry Harry, I'm sure there is some dark magic books in the library, I can go have a look" Harry nodded "thanks Hermione"She nodded and walked to the library not after being roped into the Weasley twin hug; George smiled "looks it's our other sister Hermione" Fred nodded "yes, she has now been adopted and brought into the Weasley manic family"Hermione nodded "yes, yes I have, I love you guys too" Molly swatted their backs this time "alright, break it up. Stop hugging the girls. Hermione has her own family that she belongs to" Hermione nodded "that is true Mrs. Weasley but I've always seen you all as my Wizard family and that includes you Harry and also Sirius, Remus and Tonks"Molly smiled then hugged Hermione herself "Aww that is very sweet of you to say, welcome to the family Hermione and of course you as well Harry" Molly brought Harry into the hug as well.Fred laughed "be careful you guys" George nodded "you might just regret joining this crazy family" Ron shook his head "the only crazy ones in this family are you guys and well maybe Percy"The other order members arrived, Sirius and Remus still weren't back from wherever they had disappeared to, and even Severus was now standing in the kitchen next to Arthur and Minerva. Tonks was standing next to Kingsley, she shook her hair and it changed from blonde to her usual pink.Mad-eye stood the other side of Tonks; everyone had noticed that if you were a female in this world the wizards would automatically be a bit protective of you, which included Nymphadora. Hermione thought it was just how Ron and Harry were but when she met Nymphadora and saw how the wizards treated and acted around her, she kind of got the picture.The front door of Grimmauld place opened and in walked Remus and Sirius but they weren't alone, Sirius was carrying someone in his arms that was wrapped up in a blanket, they disappeared into the living room. Molly shooed the children (including Fred and George) into the closest room which was the library.Hermione started to look around at the books; Harry just looked at the now closed door "what do you suppose that was about and who was Sirius carrying?" Hermione placed on a pair of leather gloves and reached for a book that was glowing with dark magic.Ginny saw the glowing book "Jeezz Mione that is glowing with dark magic" Hermione held up her gloved hands "I learnt from my mistake, my second year. Leather gloves, the dark magic can't get through the material" Ginny nodded "good, I don't think we can handle that again or anything worse"Hermione started to flick the pages until she came across something "bone of the father, flesh of the servant, and blood of the enemy" Harry walked over to her "that was what Peter was saying, you found something"Hermione nodded "yes, however there is one teeny tiny problem with this certain spell" Harry looked worryingly at her "what is the problem Mione?" Hermione smiled "the small print reads that casting this spell will bring back someone from the dead however it will also affect the last person that they killed which means that whoever Voldemort killed last before he died will be brought back from the dead also"Everyone just turned and stared at Harry, Ron's eyed widen "Bloody hell" Harry looked at them all "what? What is it?" Hermione shook his by his shoulders "don't you get it Harry? The last person that Voldemort killed will also be brought back to life, HARRY the last person HE killed before he died was YOUR MOTHER"Ginny smiled "that is who Sirius was carrying, Remus and him must have gone back to your old home Harry to get your mother before the dark side realize their mistake and take her"Harry slid down the wall and looked at them "m my mum i is al alive" they all nodded, Fred and George patted his shoulders "second chance mate, go see your mum Harry"Did Peter cast the spell correctly?Is Lily alive again?Don't forget to reviewGracie :)
