The last hours had been a greater nightmare than any Harry had known before. He had gone to the ministry and he knew he had been tricked. He had watched Sirius die and with him, his last hope of family. He knew he still had Moony, but the man was a wolf, and couldn't get custody. He was once again going to be alone in the world. He had his doubts about the headmaster and his part in all of this as well. Harry should have known what was happening and he would never have gone. He was told it was to protect him and that it was for the greater good. He had been told that about a lot of things. And though he tried to believe it was right, Harry wasn't sure what was true anymore.Harry was in the headmaster's office waiting. He was not sure why he was there and not in the hospital wing or in his dorms with the others. He had been taken from Remus, told he was going, so he could get some rest. And then he was brought here.He heard the door open and was relieved. "Headmaster.""Potter." A voice came from behind."Malfoy? What are you doing?" Harry turned and his voice cut off.Severus was with his godson. "We don't have much time."Harry was so confused. "For what?"Severus motioned. "To leave.""Leave?"Draco closed the door. "Father sent this."Harry didn't understand. "Why would I go anywhere with you?"Severus stopped him. "Not with us."Draco agreed. "Just helping.""Where do you intend me to go?"Severus had a time turner. "To the past."Harry's head spun. "Past? I can save Sirius?"Severus shook his head. "Further."They had found a way to send someone far back into the past. They had to have a link though to the time period in question. They needed to stop this war before it ever started. If Harry succeeded, not only his godfather but those he loved like his parents, could be saved as well. When he returned to the future, he should have the memories of the new world that he made. Or so they believed, this was the first time for this. Harry had a link through his scar, and they knew he would be able to be sent back in time. Anyone else would be a risk.Harry stared at the two of them like they had lost their mind. He had never got along with Draco and he didn't trust the other man remotely. He thought he must have been losing his mind, and after tonight, maybe he was. Maybe the minister had been right about him.Severus shocked him when he took out a dagger. "This is what you need."Harry was confused. "What is that?"Draco smiled. "The dagger of Slytherin.""The what?"Severus handed it to Harry. "All the founders were given a weapon."Harry held it. "And you are giving it to me why?"Severus explained. "Between your scar and the dagger it should be enough."Remus appeared. "Harry."Harry turned to him. "They have lost their mind."Remus hugged him. "Severus is right cub."Harry didn't understand. "You want me to go?"Remus sighed. "I wish I could come with you."Harry was handed a bag. "What is this?"Remus assured him. "All that you will want."Severus added a pack. "And need."Harry looked at Remus and he had no idea why he would do this. "Do you trust him Moony?"Remus kissed Harry on the head. "With my life."Harry had no idea what was happening and he knew he should just leave. But though he trusted neither of the other men, he trusted Remus. He could see it was killing the man to send Harry away like this. And he trusted Moony, when he said he would come, if he was able to come. Harry allowed himself to use the time turner and the dagger as told, and he felt the tug, the dagger clattering from his hand as he did.Remus looked at Severus. "You are sure this will work?""It is the best chance we have."Draco asked. "How do we know it worked?"Severus smirked. "Harry still travels."Albus appeared in the door. "Where is he?"Severus turned to him. "Where you will never touch him."Remus added. "Where he can bring down your pawns."Albus snarled. "You will pay."Severus picked up the dagger. "Time for us to go."Albus saw the dagger. "You have no idea what you have done."Remus called. "Or so you hope."Severus admitted as they left. "We can only hope he ended up in the right time."Draco stopped. "Right time?"Remus sighed. "It was only a link to the blood."As Harry traveled back into time, they had no idea how far he would go. Harry had no idea what to expect when he arrived. He hoped he could return home one day and the world would be safe. All those he loved and left behind, he needed to know they would be okay. Harry had known he may sacrifice a lot for this war, but he had never imagined this. He just held out the hope he could return one day.He stumbled when he arrived, hitting the ground hard, and looked around. "Where am I?"An: So Harry has gone back in time, but how far has he gone? Which Slytherin will he meet, Tom Riddle or Salazar? Wait and see.
