This is not my first story on here but it's my first Harry Potter one. This story is going to be Harry being a lot more rebellious towards Umbridge and the Ministry when it comes around. That part of the story will be longer is what I am thinking. Also Harry isn't going to be a badass but he is going to be cooler because I am sorry Harry is kind of a pussy in the books and it's rather annoying. This will start during Harry's 4th year though so it will take a while. This is Harry/Fleur by the way. And everything is canon before the story starts."Mate. Harry. Ah shit he is out like a light. Here pass me that."Whap!"Ow. What the shit?" Said Harry as Ron hit him upside the head with a large book."It's time to go. Mom is making breakfast. Hurry up now." Ron said to him grinning."Ron... This is so early. Whyyyyy?" Harry moaned as he rolled over in the camp bed in their room and fell out of it onto the floor all the while swearing violently."Because Quidditch!" Ron said and hit him with the book again. Harry let out a wild swing in Ron's direction but nothing happened. His fist just swung through the air and collided with a hard part of the bed.Continuing with his swearing, which would have made Mrs. Weasley scream he pulled his legs into a pair of pants and a t-shirt.Ron was already downstairs eating a large piece of bacon and laughing with Hermione and Ginny about something Ginny had just said."Morning all." Harry said as he came down. His answer came from the sudden appearance of the Twins who popped up on either side of him."Hello Harry!" They chorused making him jump out of his skin and fall down the rest of the stairs into the kitchen.Harry was not having a good day. And to top it all off his hair, which he had started to grow out, came out of its ponytail and covered his eyes in a black blanket. Again Harry swore. It was very satisfying as he hard all the Weasley's and Hermione laughed."Hey you lot hurry up. We have to leave in a few minutes." Mr. Weasley's said as he also came down the stairs into the kitchen and kissing his daughters head then proceeded to find his wife in the living room."Oh my god we are up to damn early." George said yawning loudly. Fred nodded and planted his head on the table.They all sat around the table and talked to a few more minutes and ate the eggs that had been made for them. All of them were excited for the Quidditch match, not only for the game but also to meet other people from around the world. Apparently witches and wizards from everywhere came to see the World Cup and that made them all excited. They all wanted to see where else magic flourished throughout the world. Finally Mr. Weasley came into my room and gestured for them all to get moving. They said their goodbyes to Mrs. Weasley as they left.Harry stood up and followed the elder wizard out of the house and up the hill behind it. They were all breathing hard by the time they reached the top of the hill. Mr. Weasley looked at his watch and looked at the rest of them."We have 10 minutes before the Portkey departs. So let's spread out and search for it." Mr. Weasley's said. They had been looking for a moment. When a shout came to them."Hey Arthur. We have it here!"They all met at the source of the voice and found a man and a 17ish year old boy standing next to him."Amos!" Mr. Weasley said and walked to the man and shook hands. "You lot this is Amos Diggory and I believe you know his son Cedric."Harry, Fred, and George all grunted while Ron smiled and Hermione and Ginny giggled and waved at him. He was a good looking kid. Harry and the Twins still hadn't forgiven him for beating the Quidditch team last year. He smiled at them and turned back to the Portkey which was sketchy old boot lying on the ground. It was humming slightly."Alright we have about a minute. Everyone grab some part of the boot and hold." Amos said to them and went over and put a finger on the boot while Mr. Weasley checked his watch.They all crowded for a moment around the boot and then Harry felt a hook connect to his belt and pulled him into another dimension. It was a strange feeling like he was falling and then was pulled back to reality and was deposited on the ground again in the same position that he had touched the boot. Except they were a different part of the world. It was still Britain but it was obviously a different place. It was a campsite for muggles but before Harry could really take in his surroundings a voice cracked through the silent."6:15 from Ottery St. Catchpole." An old wizard said. Mr. Weasley tossed him the boot which he caught and threw into a large bin of other used portkeys."See you later Arthur. Amos." The wizard said and waved a hand,The group started walking toward a sign that said Campsites This Way!"I think we are on a different site than you. We have Campsite G and it looks like you have Campsite D." Amos Diggory said to Arthur as they looked at the parchment that had the information for the tickets on it. Mr. Weasley nodded at him and then all said goodbye to the two wizards who accompanied them. Oddly enough Cedric gave Fred a wink as they walked away. Fred raised his eyebrows at George who shrugged and Hermione laughed.They walked through the path to their campsite. They saw an middle aged man running a small booth near the entrance to one of the sites. Campsite D said the sign next to it. Mr. Weasley walked up to the booth."We have reservations for a campsite." he said looking at the man."Name?" Asked the man."Weasley."The man rifled through some papers for a moment and then pulled out a pice of paper and then grabbed a map. They were passed through the open window as Mr. Weasley passed over the correct amount of money. They had decided to figure how much they would need to pay ahead of time to avoid awkward situations with muggle money.They set out a long the campsite and already found people in tents coming out and starting fires for breakfast. Mr. Weasels led them to a spot on the campsite that had a sign pegged into the ground that read Weezley.Harry laughed at the spelling and George took the moment to lightly punch him on the shoulder. Harry clutched at it in mock pain. Mr. Weasley then pulled the tent he was carrying off of his back and reached over to Rin who had been carrying the other. Mr. Weasley looked around quickly and then with a flick of his wand the tents set themselves up perfectly. Mr. Weasley poked his head inside and laughed. "This is a nice tent." The rest of his body disappeared and they followed him until Harry was still standing outside and then looked in.Magic. It's awesome. On the inside of the tent was a large flat. A pretty nice one at that. There were several bedrooms and a bathroom complete with running water. Because magic.The girls tent which had been set up right next to the boys was slightly smaller but just as comfortable and luxurious.Ron looked at his father and the man winked and replied "Perkins from the office."They all settled in and began to look around the campsite. After a while Harry, Ron, and Hermione told Mr. Weasley that they were going for a walk and they exited the tent and started to walk along the path in the forest. They walked through tents after tents. Finally they entered an area where it was bright green everywhere."The Irish supporters." Said Ron and looked around as they heard distinctly Irish voices coming from everywhere. Suddenly they heard a shout of their names and they looked around ins surprise. Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan were waving from a tent that was quite impressive. They smiled as they all walked up and they traded conversation for a little bit before they kept on walking."Of course Seamus is here for Ireland. He is Irish." Ron laughed as they walked away. The group of 14 year olds kept walking.They passed tent after tent. Some were normal looking muggle tents and others were definitely wizards tents. Such as the tent that had a chimney and a peacock tethered out front. They also walked into a sea of red and black. The Bulgarian supporters were very loud and had thick accents but on every single one of their tents they had the same face."Krum." Ron whispered to them."Who?" Asked Hermione."Krum. The Bulgarian seeker. He is the youngest player in the world and one of the best seekers in the entire world." Ron replied looking around at all the tents.They left the Bulgarian area and continued walked. They ran into plenty of their friends from Hogwarts. They also saw a group of American kids playing a set of instruments and just being Americans. Loud and annoying.They kept walked until finally Harry was caught walking and staring at a huge tent that looked like a miniature castle. He did not look where he was going and promptly ran into someone a few inches shorter than him. He stumbled and turned to apologize but the words were lost in his mouth. (By the way I am not doing the accent for fleur. Too much damn work.)"Watch where you are going please!" The person said.She was by far the most beautiful girl Harry had ever seen. She looked at him as he quickly closed his mouth and muttered an apology. He apologized again and she smiled."It's no problem. Do not worry I am fine. So what is your name?" The girl asked. Harry was surprised she was actually talking to him but she seemed genuinely interested by him."I am Harry. Harry Potter." He said."Fleur. Fleur Delacour."Well that's the first chapter. I am working on another probably if I get support for this one. But let me know what you think please! I promos that chapters will be longer than this, somewhere in the 3000-5000 word range but this is just the first chapter.
