Chapter 1 Do You Really Mean It?Looking out the window in the carriage, Hermione sighed. Thestrals were magnificent, but sad, creatures. It doesn't seem fair that the poor creatures are only visible to people after seeing something as violent as death.The carriage rolled to a stop at the gates of Hogwarts. This was it. Time to start her new job as Potions Professor.As she exited the carriage and walked forward to pet the Thestral, a dark shadow passed by the window next to the great door. The door slammed open, and a man in a swarm of robes strode out. "Miss Granger." Snape hadn't changed much in the six years since the end of the war. His voice was softer due to Nagini's bite, but it still carried the warning tone that he always had while teaching.Hermione ducked between the Thestrals watching Snape warily. "Sir. I was told that Professor McGonagal was going to see me today. I wasn't aware that you were back again."His eyes narrowed as the Thestrals, sensing her growing ire towards the man raised their wings to shield her."This was a bad idea. I'll leave." She started out on the other side of the Thestral pair.Snape sighed, irritated. "Miss Granger," he drawled, "Minerva was detained by Filius to talk about the opening feast. I was sent to make sure you didn't run away," he looked at the Thestrals that blocked her in before she could leave, "which you are obviously trying to do. I don't bite, despite what the rumors may say." He turned on his heel, robes billowing out behind him, "Come along Miss Granger. Time to meet the rest of the new staff. You are the last to arrive. Gronwell, Binlow, let her out. It's time for her to stand on her own."To Hermione's shock, the Thestrals dropped their wings and sidestepped to the outside, leaving her exposed to walk alone. "You have names?" She wondered aloud. "I'll come visit you two beautiful creatures later." She stepped forward, immediately missing their heat and the sense of security she had momentarily had. The Thestrals each nudged her forward with their noses before starting the trek back to the stables and food.Snape watched her interaction out of the corner of his eyes, noting that the beasts actually gave her comfort instead of fear. "Let's go, Miss Granger," he barked to watch her jump.She narrowed her eyes and scowled at him. "I'm not your student anymore Professor. You can't order me around or deduct points from me." She stormed past him towards the Headmaster's Office."Granger! We're meeting in the Great Hall." He sneered at her as he held open the door for her to enter before him."One of these days, you'll get what's coming to you, you rude Bat," she retorted as the stalked in.Unfortunately, it echoed right down to the head table where the other Professors were already seated. Her face heated as she flushed red. "Apologies Headmistress."Minerva laughed. "Severus, be nice to our new Potions Professor. You didn't even tell her that you were taking on the Headmaster's role did you? Hermione," Minerva stood and enveloped Hermione in a hug, "it is good to see you, but I'm Deputy Headmistress. Severus, the mean man, is Headmaster."Hermione squeaked as Minerva let her go as she looked over her shoulder at Snape. "He conveniently left that out. I'll just be leaving since I've just insulted my new boss." She started to back out of the Great Hall. Curious eyes watched as Severus silently moved to block her exit, surrounding her in his robes. His head snapped up and he pushed her back towards the room and away from his person, "You should watch where you are going Miss Granger. You came dangerously close to stepping on my favorite boots." With that, he turned and strode out the doors."Minerva..." Hermione groaned. "What did I just do?"Minerva smiled and put her arm around the girl's shoulders. "That's just how Severus is. You should know better than to take his actions to heart." She led Hermione to the Head Table. "You know Filius, Septima, Sinestra, and Sibil. They're still in charge of Charms, Arithmancy, Astronomy and Divination respectively. New additions, Draco Malfoy as Defense, Neville Longbottom as Herbology, Luna Longbottom as Care of Magical Creatures, and you as Potions."Each person nodded as their name was said, except Draco who looked at Hermione with a calculating stare. "Not a Weasley bride I take it, Granger?"Hermione groaned and ran a hand through her hair, "Of course not. Even you can keep up with me better than Ron can. Besides, he always had a thing for 'Lav-Lav' even while we were together. That nipped our relationship in the bud, especially when I came home early a few months after you left and found him in bed with her." Hermione plopped down in the seat between Draco and Luna, looking out over the Great Hall with detached interest. I'm fairly certain that he'll be able to have children some day..." she snorted. "Anyways, Draco," she turned back towards Malfoy, "how have you been the last two years? I haven't seen you at all. I had hoped we were becoming friends."Draco grinned, "I'm glad that wasn't my imagination. Weasley didn't like me hanging out with you, so I decided I would take a sabbatical. I traveled across Asia, set up a couple of apothecary shops, and went to Australia to see about getting an ingredient trade set up for Uncle Sev."Hermione grinned, "Think I might be able to get in on that ingredient enterprise you've started? I never did get my parents' memories back, so it would be nice to see them on any terms..."Draco stood and offered Hermione his arm. "Would you like to see what I've come up with so far, Mia darling?"Hermione smiled softly and stood, taking the pro-offered arm. "Lead the way Dray. I've missed you terribly these last few years. I'm glad that I split from Ron, now that I know I can be friends with you once more." She waved to everyone else. "See you at breakfast everyone." The two left the Great Hall whispering conspiratorially with each other."Do you really mean it? I can look at all of your books?" Hermione hugged Draco laughing. "I haven't felt this happy since I finally gave Ron the boot. I tried to contact you the second we split, but you didn't leave a forwarding address, and my Kel couldn't even find you."Draco hung his head, "I kept myself at an UnPlottable and UnTracable house. I was hiding from the bad press following me around after the fight I had with your Ex. If I had know that you had separated, I would have keyed you and Kel into my wards. I'm sorry, Mia. We could have been communicating for the last two years at least..."As they walked arm in arm towards Draco's quarters, they passed a darkened classroom where a shadowed figure was listening to them intently."I love that we can be together like this again, Dray. I've missed you so much!" Hermione rested her head on his shoulder for a few steps before straightening back up to walk normally.The figure's eyes glittered dangerously watching the display before melting back into the room so as not to be noticed.A/N And that dear readers is chapter one. R/R for cookies! =]I'm also starting a SS/HG story and possibly a LL/DM one if I can figure out where I really want to take it.
