Well guys, its my time of the month again. If you haven't already noticed yet, my story: Beatrice and I (But mostly me), is an up and running hit. Check it out if you haven't already. Now I'm at Hogwarts. There is Hermione, Harry, Ron, Draco, Crabbe and Goyle, Blaise, and Severus Snape! I can't wait to unravel my story with them by my side and fighting for my needs.Chapter 1:(A/N: I'll just pretend that I haven't read and seen all Harry Potter books and movies.)Normal Pov"Madaija Maldonado!" I snapped angrily. She was ignoring me fluently, refusing to sit next to me or acknowledge my existence. And its all because of what happened during first period.I walked inside the seventh grade communications classroom, holding two pads in my hand. "Okay Madaija here are your pads." I said nonchalantly, and then stopped at her desk, holding out the two pads in my hand to her. The whole class burst into heavy laughter.  "What?" I asked, wondering what was so funny. "Juliunna!" Madaija snapped, her cheeks reddening. "What? What's up?" I asked, and she ripped the pads out of my hands and pushed them into her pocket. "You know what! Get out!" She snapped in a hissing whisper, and there was loud laughter as everyone started talking. I took a deep breath as I tried to think. "Wait a minute, oh!" I said, my mouth popping open. "You don't have to be embarresed about a Menstrual period. It's a monthly and very usual process that your body makes-!" "Juliunna"! Madaija screamed. Mrs. Bryant looked up at us. "Its perfectly natural, and it isn't something to be embarrassed about in the slightest!" I snarled, and then skipped over to the door. "By the way, space those out okay? I don't like going to the nurse to ask her for things you need. If your having a very thick cycle, you should try layering the pad with toilet paper-!" "Juliunna!" Madaija screamed furiously, her face as red as the skin of an apple. I ran out to the chorus of the whole class made up entirely of boys laughing profusely. I mean seriously, what did I do wrong? "Jules, just give it up. She ain't worth nothing." Taylor whispered loudly, and Madaija overheard. No. I don't talk bad about Taylor when Madajia talks her trash, and I won't talk bad about Madaija when Taylor talks her own trash. So I stare straight ahead at the computer screen and stay silent."Don't talk about me like I'm not here. Juliunna don't touch my stuff!" Madaija yelled at me. She had her book bag sitting on top of netbook, and I just wanted to lightly put it on the floor so that I can access my files. "Sorry." I said, and quickly put it on the floor where I should be. Madaija rushed over, grabbed her bag, and slammed it back on the table. I had moved my laptop away just in time."Jeez Juliunna. I hate it when you touch my stuff! Don't touch it without asking! Stop acting stupid!" Madaija snapped, and I winced. She always acted like this when she was mad at me. I fumbled for my headphones. If I can't hear her embarrassing me in front of the class, its like she never even started it."First off Madajia, Jules didn't do anything to you, so shut up!" Taylor snapped. Nasir stood up and looked to her. "Yeah, stop bugging out with you and your white trash.""She touched my stuff. And frankly its none of your business so back off Taylor!" Madaija snapped, and my teacher started snapping at her."Okay Madaija, if you don't stop yelling in my class I'm going to write you up." He said. And Madaija scowled. "What am I doing? Nothing that's what!" Madaija snapped, and I finally got the headphones on my head. I hurriedly opened up my music library, and pressed play."Shut up!" Taylor snapped loudly back at Madaija. Apparently there was now a loud argument going on in there. I frowned, totally sad now.I boringly gazed at my screen, wishing that the internet would work. Yesterday my internet started randomly flickering on and off. Right now, its currently to the off position."Don't listen to her Jules Jules!" Taylor snapped, and then grabbed the headphones off of my head."Yes Taylor queen of all Taylors? What is it?" I asked, and she sighed aloud. "Here." She reached into her book bag and pulled out a large book. "What's this-! Oh my!" I gasped, seeing the cover. Harry Potter and the Order of Phenoix. Wow."Taylor!" I squealed, and then reached forward and gripped her tight in a big hug. She froze. "Taylor I know you don't like hugs but I've been waiting since like, forever for this book! The library couldn't find it!" I squealed. And Taylor reached forward and gave me a warm but awkward pat on the back. "Yeah, your welcome. My sister finished the book, and I heard you talking to Madaija about it a few days ago, and Chelsea finally gave me the book." Taylor said, and I let go of her with a squeal."Thank you Taylor. I'm going to put this book to good use!" I squealed, and then lifted the book down low. I set it down on the table and then laid my head down on the cover. Taylor stared at me..   "Jules Are you pulling a Danny?" Danny is the name of the student across the room, looking up to blankly stare at us. No one likes him in this class. Pulling a Danny means basically being a retard. But I'm not mean enough to tell him that he's annoying. So I pretend to laugh at his 'funny' jokes, and be as nice as I can when time calls."No. Just go back to your table Taylor. I know what I'm doing." I said, not wanting to explain the true fact that I am able to enter a fictional world during my unconscious state and enter a subconscious state. Basically I play along with the story. Its pretty interesting. But this isn't an ongoing and common thing. How can I explain?When I lay my head on a book right before sleeping, not just any book, a book of great sentimental value and back breaking longingness, I fall into a deep and only wakeable sleep when someone in reality wakes me up. And I'm pretty sure that its not Lucid dreaming, the process of knowing when your sleeping. Its different, I just know it.So with those thoughts, I start to drift off slowly, and slowly. And slowly into a nice, deep sleep. I'm here. I wake up on the ground, dressed in a bright black outfit. A pair of black muggle jeans, tight as always. There is a solid gold band around my wrist, glinting in the pale but bright yellow radiating sunlight. On top of my jeans I'm wearing a long, black and white, skull plated shirt dress. My hairstyle is different then the one I went in with. Instead of the long black ponytail hairstyle, I'm wearing my hair down. When I softly reach up to touch it, I find that I'm wearing a thick hair band, holding my long curly hair behind my ears.Weird, but oddly enough it always works out for me well in the end.I look up at the castle, shining in all its obsessive glory against the palid light of morning. I'm not going to stand up yet. Mainly because I see a group of people in front of the Black Lake turning around towards me. I must have made some kind of noise when I entered this dream like reality state, for everyone started to look at me. Okay, I laid back down against the grass and shut my eyes.Pretend your in a coma. Pretend your in a coma. Pretend you got knocked out while you were sitting in a sofa. Heh, oh why I'm I so giddy today? Oh right. Because its Hogwarts I'm going to be going to! YayI count to ten inside my head and when I opened my eyes, there was a huge crowd of people around me. "Hello." I said wearily, knowing that it could be a dangerous thing to not fit in. In the Divergent World, I had to worry about the Faction Leaders and Jeanine and her people finding out that I don't' belong there. They could execute me and study me for ages! In the Hunger Games, I suppose that I will have to worry about President Snow and the Capital finding out. Here I don't even have to think twice about it. Lord Voldemort could have a thing to say or do if he found out about me. Like for instance, using his magic to try to rule my reality along with this Wizarding world.Oh my. That is a bad thing, isn't it?!"Hello? Miss, are you okay? You just fell from the sky." The girl in front of me said, pointing up towards the sky."Um, yeah. I missed the Hogwarts train." I said. The boy right next to her raised an eyebrow."But Its July. School year ends in two weeks.""Yeah, do you know how hard it is to arrange a portkey with the Ministry, at this age and time?" I said with an eyeroll. I quickly stood up and brushed myself off."Ahem. Why are your clouthes ripped? Did you get into a scuffle or something?" A blonde boy asked me, and I looked down. There was a red hand print on my chest, as if someone had slapped it. My pants were indeed scratched up. And now that I thought about it, there was a slight stinging sensation on my leg, as if I had jumped off a small building at full power right onto one ankle. Well, my sudden change of appearance always works out for me. It must be part of the story."Apparently. Ah!" I said, and faked a fall. Dozens of hands braced my fall, including the blonde boy. I looked up, and bit my lip to go into full fan girling mode. I could see so many familiar faces. Heh, since its my world, all the characters look as I see them."I know you! Well, many of you!" I said, and then zoomed back up to full height. "Draco Malfoy!" I started, pointing to him. He shrugged lightly. "Of course she knows me. I'm very well known throughout the country.""No you aren't." Ron said, rolling his eyes. "Shut up Weasel." Draco spit. I shut my mouth immediently. This is what I can't do. I'm not supposed to show acknowledgement that I know about them until they tell me themselves that!"Never mind. I have a concusion. I don't remember anything." I said, not knowing anything. And then started walking forward. Immediently the crowd started following me. "What?" I snapped at them, stopping in my tracks."Who'd you fight-!""Where are you going?" Hermione snapped rather smartly. I turned to look at her for the first time. If there is something I don't like in a person, its intelligence. And I know from the books that she has it. It looks like I'm going to have to better myself so I can destroy her emotionally rather then physically. I used to like her. But its been a while and I can't help but think that she's too loose, bitchy, and high on herself."Inside. I suppose that I'll have to talk to the Headmaster." I said with a roll of my eyes. And then started walking forward. When I reached the door, I looked behind me to see Ron. Amazing how the characters look exactly like their actors portrayed them as."Hello Ron." I said, and then started walking again. The crowd around me started to deteriorate slowly. "What? But How do you know my name?" He asked, and soon the curious crowd of children turned from a dozen to three. Ron, Hermione, and Harry. His scarI stopped in my tracks and turned to Harry. Harry didn't move, but he did glance upwards at his forehead, as if he knew that was what I was staring at."Sing us a song! And we'll sing it back to you. We can sing our own, but what would it be without you-! Oh!" I sang in an effort not to cause a scene with a fan girl incident. "This time, I will be listening. Sing us a song, and we'll sing it back to you." I sang, starting to skip on my way down the hall. Harry sighed greatfully, and Hermione walked forward to keep in step with me."This heart, it beats, beats for only you. My heart, my heart is, yours. My heart is yours. My heart is, yours!" Hermione sang loudly, and the two of us laughed."You like Paramore too?" We both asked at the same time, and I couldn't help but laugh again. Ron and Harry looked in between us with an amused smirk."Yes. It's the only band I'll listen too. But anyway, where are you really from?" Hermione asked. And I shrugged. "Everywhere. I move around a lot." I said with a smile, and when I rounded the corner, I sprinted into a run up the stairs. Where's Dumbledore's office? Where is it? The fourth floor? Well it was in the game boy game, but I find that highly unlikely it is implied here."Wait a minute! You don't know where Dumbledore's office is!" Hermione called when she rounded the corner. She must have stopped to gawk at the boys because I was halfway to the top step."Your right, I don't So lets go people. Move it!" I yelled. Harry and Ron stormed forward at my shout, but Hermione still went at normal speed."Okay. Your going to want to take a left at this corner." Harry breathed. I nodded. Wow, judging by the way he was hunching over and gasping, the dude was really out of shape. You can still be skinny and out of shape. My homeroom friend Frank T. is there to prove it. Ron looked out with me with squinting eyes, as if he was trying to judge me with his mind."Question. You guys don't have gym class, do you?" I asked. Hermione, when she caught up, answered my question. "No. Why?" She asked. And for that, I smiled. "No reason. But to be specific, I hate Gym." I said with a shrug. Hermione nodded in thought."If there was ever a school that needed Gym class, it was this one. I mean seriously, for all but two to three months you live here in Hogwarts. But I'm surprised with all that food you witches and wizards eating every night, you guys haven't been packing a lot of pounds. Harry's still got the body he had when he was at the Dursleys!" I laughed. Harry raised an eyebrow at me."Hey, how'd you know I lived with the Dursleys-!""What is supposed to be, a huge secret Potter?" I asked. And then I set off again down the hall. There was a lot of talking and speculation about where I came from, on our way to Dumbledore's office of course."Wait a minute, where did you live before you came here?" Ron asked me, and I shrugged. "New Jersey up in America." I said nicely. He nodded in thought."Is it nice up there? I heard Jersey is a pretty messed up place." Hermione said, and I shook my head no. "Nah guys. Its just a pretty biased and normal place. Nobody moves to Jersey, they move out. Its filled with dozens of small towns and big ones. It's a pretty basic place of course. You've got a lot ghetto places. A lot of country folk. But I like to think of it as home." I said. And Harry hummed."I call Hogwart's home.""That's because your Dursley home is a place of tragic and so you've built up a world of magic in your head. Your easily impressed Harry. Don't forget that." I smiled. Harry frowned but didn't say anything."Anyway, here's Dumbledore's office. We'll wait out here for you. I suppose you'll need help finding your way around the castle." Hermione said with a smile, and that wiped the smile off of my face. Hermione frowned."Was it something I said?""Yes." I said, and then opened the door to go inside. I turned around to look at her. "Remember this moment." When it was shut behind me, I glared at the empty room in front of me. I don't need anyone. I just want guidance around the school so that I don't get lost. Need is a strong word Granger. Remember this moment indeed.I strode forward briskly. The old coot has to be around here somewhere. Judging by Dumbedore's charecteristics and actions in the books and movies, he's a manipulate git, git is a common word for 'jerk' in the Harry Potter Wizarding world. Yeah. Dumbledore acts as if he has the wizarding world's safety at heart, and he's the ultimate everything. I hate how all the Gryffindors, minus the Slytherins and a few select people in the world look up to him and cling to his 'greatness', as if he was a security blanket."Well hello." I heard, and then looked up to see him suddenly standing on the balcony in the room. Classy. Sarcasm, hinting at it."Dumbledore." I said blankely, and then strode forward. His desk sat in the middle of the large room. I sat down in his big chair, the one that should be reserved for him. Let me explain. I Juliunna, bow to no man. I show him no less respect that an insect. The great ones make me antsy."And you are, my dear?" He croaked in his olden like voice, and then started to descend slowly down the stairs."The names Juliunna. I request that, as a mere fiftheen year old (I'm fourteen but he doesn't need to know that), I attend Hogwarts for the last two weeks and then beyond." I said, and when Dumbledore reached my footing, he sat down in the chair across from the desk. The same one Harry sat in when he was accused of attacking Justin and had to be sent to Dumble's office."Request accepted Miss Juliunna." Dumbledore said with a smile, and I scowled."Really? Really?" I said with a scowl, and then shook my head with a disappointed look. Dumbledore sincerely smiled. "What is it Miss Juliunna?""Okay, a complete stranger turns up on the lawn of Hogwarts, demanding access to your school. Dude, you know the Dark Lord is back and your just going to let me, a potential death eater, not saying I am but still, your just going to let me come in without any investigation?" I asked with a roll of my brown eyes."That's right Miss Juliunna." Dumbledore smiled. I clenched my fingers tightly, digging them into the arms of my chair."Are you serious?""Yes. Miss Juliunna, I assure you that I am perfectly capable of seeing the best and worst of people. I haven't seen your best yet, seeing as if we only met five minutes ago, but I can see your worst." He said wisely and gravely. I don't like that twinkling, knowing look in his eyes. He does not know me in the slightest!"Oh really, and what's my worst?" I snapped, and he smiled. "Your worst is your intense ability to mistrust and your rudeness. You expect me to create a full wide search on you, because that is what you would do. And I suppose that you think that what you know is best.""Yes. That is exactly right!' I snapped suddenly, and he smiled wider. I frowned intensely. "I mean no. Yes, it is what I'd do. You believe that the Dark Lord is back, correct?" I asked softly, and Dumbledore nodded. "Yes Miss.""You do realize that me suddenly appearing two weeks before the end of the school year is a curious and somewhat suspicious thing. Right?" I asked. He nodded. "Of course Miss.""And so you realize that the boy, Harry Potter, is in danger of on coming Death Eaters? Right?" I asked, and Dumbledore nodded. "Yes, if you are worrying that you are a Death Eater Miss Juliunna, I assure you that there are priorities and safety constraints in place." He said nicely. I nodded."Yeah."I don't think that I like that man too much anymore.
