Author's Note: All right, so I got inspired to write something travel-ly and next-gen, so here you go! This is my latest entry in the Long Haul Competition III, so updates will be weekly and of a decent length. Thanks for reading, and please review!~HannahLike An Adventure(After their years at Hogwarts, Molly and Lucy's mother Audrey decides that they don't know nearly enough about the Muggle world she was born in, and sends the two on quite the adventure around the globe.)Chapter One: The Caf and El Rastro"This is nice," Molly said softly, fidgeting with her mug from the Caf del Crculo de Bellas Artes in Madrid.It was a beautiful day outside in the height of the afternoon, but it was equally as beautiful inside the caf, with the dark wood, buttercup-colored walls, and the elliptical golden chandelier on the ceiling above them in place of the bright Spanish sky."Yup," chirped Lucy, trying to gesture dramatically while holding her own mug in one hand and a sketchbook in the other, an oversized camera dangling around her neck. "I love all the marble. And this coffee is a-ma-zing. Are you almost done? Do you want to go up to the decks? I've heard they're great for people-watching. Or people-talking. Ooh, there's our waiter, finally!"Molly still couldn't believe that they were there. Perhaps their mother had gone insane. But the day that Lucy had gotten home from her last year at Hogwarts, years after Molly's, Mother had appeared at King's Cross with airplane tickets and a speech about appreciating the Muggle world. So here they were.Lucy settled out all of the currency changes with the waiter, and dragged Molly by the hand up to the decks. The sunlight seemed blinding after the cool, dark atmosphere inside the caf, and it all glinted off of the huge white buildings around them. Molly wondered what was in all of them vaguely as she more importantly tried to not look down.Lucy, on the other hand, stood at the edge, her hands not nearly tight enough on the half-wall. "Look. At. This," she said, not seeming to notice that Molly had taken a seat on the edge of the rectangle in the center of the roof. "Are you looking? Do you see the tower tops?""I see them. They're very blue.""Very dark blue," said Lucy. "You'd think they'd be cheerier. But that gold on them! So much texture on all the buildings. Look at those windows. Can you see the hotel from here?"It all honestly looked the same to Molly as it had for the days they'd been there, although she'd come to recognize the hotel due to her longing to be there napping off the jet lag right now. She waved her hand and said, "I think so.""Really? Where? I don't see it. We should put a neon sign in our window. Do you think they allow that? Never mind that, though. Oooh, hola!"At the sudden greeting, Molly looked up more, and saw the boy who had been waving at Lucy. Tall, dark, with a wonderful smile. Lucy looked over at Molly. "Go on," she mouthed, and Lucy all but skipped over to the boy and started chatting in a mix of English and Spanish.Molly finally worked up the nerve to approach the edge of the deck and look out. It was a beautiful view. But it was also a beautiful view from the safety of the ground."Molly! Molly! Can we go? Please?"Lucy had returned, already arm-in-arm with the boy, which she seemed to have a talent for. "Why are you so eager to leave all of a sudden?""No, no, not go like leave; go like to the party!""Party?""Alejandro invited us.""Alejandro?"Lucy gestured to the boy at her side. Molly smiled and nodded at him awkwardly. "Um where is it?""It's at the Caf Piano Bar in our hotel. That's why we're invited.""Um. When is it?""At ten.""That's late.""Eh."" Okay," Molly sighed, realizing she wasn't going to win this, and Lucy threw her arms around her sister's neck."Thank you thank you thank you!"Molly rolled her eyes at Alejandro over Lucy's shoulder, and then she drew back. And to Alejandro, she said, "Tenemos que ir a El Rastro ahora. Nos vemos a las diez. Bye!"As Molly and Lucy started to walk off, Molly asked, "What was that, and when did you learn Spanish?""I said we're going to El Rastro and we'll see him at ten.""The flea market?""You love flea markets!" Lucy reminded her. "I love flea markets! Everyone loves flea markets!""And when did you learn Spanish?" Molly repeated."On the plane, silly.""Obviously," Molly muttered sarcastically to herself, while they were on the stairs. For once she could keep up with Lucy in walking due to her eagerness to be back on the ground."Mom gave us a ridiculous amount of money for the trip," Lucy continued babbling. "So lots of flea markets for us! And I'm going to need more paint at this rate. And there seems to be more in the envelopes in whatever currency we'll need with our next plane tickets and hotel plans and such. I wonder where we're going next. I hope it's Paris. Or Venice. Or Los Angeles. Or Tokyo. Or.""We also need to buy food," Molly said. "And I think it's ridiculous we don't know which continent we'll be on tomorrow.""I think it's fun," said Lucy, as they got into a cab. "El Rastro, por favor."As the cab driver merged into the street, Molly said, "Maybe we should work on a budget""Maybe we could not.""We're going to thirty-three cities, and this is our first, and for everything other than the hotel and the planes we have""Mo-lly!"She sighed. Meanwhile, Lucy started snapping pictures out the window, seeming restless even though the whole cab ride could take, tops, by Molly's calculations, eight minutes. Molly leant against the window and looked out, wondering what the cab driver thought of their whole conversation.Lucy had actually started talking to the driver between clicks of the camera. "Nuestra madre nos envi en este viaje para que podamos apreciar el mundo y todo"How had Lucy learnt so much almost-fluent Spanish on the plane ride? Molly felt like other than keeping Lucy in line, she was useless on this trip.The cab stopped, Lucy paid the driver, and they stepped out into a hustle-and-bustle land of white fabric cubes framed by old buildings and the street and the sky."Remember, it's only open on Sundays and it closes early, so we've only got now," said Lucy. Molly eyed a group of young Spanish children exchanging trading cards with each other eagerly near one of the shops on the left edge of the street. "Should we just meet back here?""We can't split up," said Molly. "We'll both get lost in a place like this.""We're not kids, Molly.""Fine."And within a second, Lucy was almost out of sight, although Molly could read the signs on the stands she stood between, advertising clothes and art things.She herself approached a table managed by an elderly woman dressed in a rich black dress woven with silver and gold threads. The table wasn't so much visible under the stacks upon stacks of old, worn books.Forcing a smile at the elderly woman, Molly went through the books that were in English, and eventually decided to buy The Prince of Mist to read at the party that night. When she pulled out the euros to pay the woman, she felt her wand in her purse and remembered several of the reasons why she didn't want to be there. Both Molly and Lucy were very familiar with the Muggle world and how to use Muggle things, but Molly would've rather apparated to El Rastro than taken the cab, and she would've rather paid in Galleons than euros, and she would've rather selected a Wizarding story than a Muggle one."Gracias," she said, as she took the book."De nada," said the woman, with a kind, frail smile.Then Molly was nearly knocked over by the trading-card children shoving through the crowd past her, and she lost track of the bookseller.So many people.  So many people.She managed to locate Lucy's head in the crowd, the only fellow redhead in sight. Lucy already had several bags that Molly could see canvases and clothes poking out of, and groaned to herself, sure that they wouldn't be eating in their last three cities at this rate.Molly, unsure of what to do, went to find her sister, and Lucy started showing her all of the different things that she had bought. "And remember that we still have to get to Palacio Real before the party," she said. Lucy liked a packed schedule."Why couldn't we do that tomorrow?""Because tomorrow is a travel day, and I need a lot of time to pack.""We don't even know where we're going!""Yes, but we know that tonight is our last in the hotel and we need to open the next envelope first thing tomorrow."Molly sighed yet again, and said, "Fine," yet again. They'd gotten to Madrid yesterday. And they were leaving tomorrow. So they had one solid day in the city, and then they'd be off to who-knew-where.And she had to get through today first.
