Hi everyone! This is my first fanfic so please don't judge too harshly. I hope you enjoy this. I do not own anything Harry Potter; J.K. Rowling does.She knew it was late but there was no way she could sleep. With end of year exams coming up along with all of her close mate's drama to listen to, her mind was filled to the brim and ready to explode. Slipping out of her bed, she half-heartedly pulled her robes on over her pajamas and stuffed her feet into her shoes without bothering with socks.It must have been around one in the morning when Hermione started slinking though the cold castle. Figuring that no one would be around to stop her she started thinking about how she was going to prepare for all of her finals amidst all of the chaos going on around her. The newly risen Dark Lord and his deatheaters were a huge threat to one of her best mates. It may have also concerned the entire world wizarding and muggle alike as well but who cared about all of them anyway. Her worry worsened with every passing day and it reflected in her schoolwork. She had trouble paying attention in class unless it was hands on, she was tired all the time but could never sleep and when she did she was plagued by the worst night terrors imaginable.Hermione must have been walking in circles for at least a half an hour; her footsteps fell in time with the snores of the magical paintings that hung on the walls.All of a sudden she heard a shuffling that was very out of place in the otherwise silent castle. Unable to breathe, she slowly moved along the edge of the corridor and peered ever so slightly around the corner. If she couldn't breathe before, she may as well have had a heart attack at the sight before her.She saw Malfoy sitting in the middle of the next corridor speaking softly with one of the portraits on the wall. He looked so different compared to the Draco everyone normally saw. Sitting there, though she couldn't hear much of what was being whispered, she heard no cusses and no insults growled. She witnessed no hints of disgust on his face. He seemed to be relaxed and having a pleasant conversation with the portrait of a man on horse decorated with armor and a sword. He must not have been able to sleep either. She could see dark rims lining his beautiful gray eyes, and his sleek figure was slumped slightly forward so that his head rested in his hands.Hermione smiled to herself as she watched this gentle version of a monster rub at his eyes sleepily and start to head back to the Slytherin wing. She turned herself and headed back for bed. For a moment she was able to forget about all the bad things going on. Even as she watched a death eater sit in the hallways she was unable to feel angry or worried; she felt too peaceful. As she slipped into bed, she found herself thinking of what it would be like to speak with the real Draco Malfoy. The one she had seen in the corridor that night, instead of the rude, impatient, hateful deatheater he normally portrayed.She fell asleep with a smile on her face, if only for a moment.XXXXXXXXXXXDraco said goodnight to the knight he was trading stories with. It was funny to find out how much they had in common. How they had both been pulled under into the darkness of hatred by their parents and hard times.He stopped when he heard a strange noise coming from behind him and briefly looked over his shoulder. He couldn't see anyone and continued on the path back to his dorm before anyone could notice he went missing. What would his peers say if they found out that he felt that all the fighting was stupid? When blood was spilled, wasn't it all red anyway?
