Chapter 1: Some Things Never ChangeHarry took a deep breath and prepared to apparate. He arrived just outside of Hogwarts grounds a few minutes later. Normally, he would have used floo powder but this was more of a surprise visit. He pushed open one of the front doors and walked into the quiet castle. Classes in session, Harry assumed, as he walked down to the dungeons. He stopped in the doorway of the potions room where Severus was giving a lecture. Harry walked in, smirking. Snape stopped his lecture mid-sentence and crossed the room to meet him in the aisle. The students stared in awe as their potions master, hugged the younger wizard before him with a smile plastered on his face. "Professor," Harry whispered in Sev's ear as they hugged, "you're smiling and hugging." Snape laughed just loudly enough for Harry to hear and backed away."A pleasure to see you, Mr. Potter.""And you. Have you the potions I requested?""Indeed," Severus said, as he stalked to his personal supply and grabbed a handful of random vials."What year are they?" Harry asked as Snape put the vials in a velvet lined box."First. And bloody idiots.""Oh Professor, so redundant," he replied, smirking."Five points from Gryffindor," Severus sneered."I regret to inform you it doesn't work like that anymore," Harry said snarkily. The students continued to watch in awe as Snape smiled again and hand Harry the box."You sound more like me each time I see you." Severus remarked."Terrifying, isn't it?" He said as he disappeared through the door. As he walked through the empty hall, he opened the case Snape had given him and laughed. Inside were all potions Snape had graded, and clearly no one knew what they were doing. He pocketed the box, making a mental note to return the vials to Severus later.Harry made his way to McGonagall's classroom. She was teaching seventh year Gryffindors and Slytherins. He slipped in and took a seat in the back of the room while she had her back turned. Her stern stare softened as her eyes fell upon him. "Harry," she said, walking closer."Professor," He smirked. Harry rarely visited anyone but Severus when he came back to Hogwarts."How have you been?" She asked with concern."It's only been five months since you last saw me," he stated."And you are not to worry me like that again, Mr. Potter!" She snapped, only a hint of humor in her voice."Yes, ma'am," he replied sarcastically, smirking. She was stunned at how much he reminded her of Severus."Potter, you've become so much like him," she said cryptically."Have I? I hadn't noticed," Harry said smiling, he loved it when people said he reminded them of Severus. But, of course, they also included that he was a kinder version of Snape. Harry didn't believe that to be true, he reasoned that they just didn't know the Severus he knew and therefore couldn't make an accurate comparison.Minerva laughed as she hugged him. "I've missed you. Visit more frequently," she ordered."As you wish," He whispered almost sarcastically as he left the room.Harry walked down the halls idly as he awaited for Snape's lessons to end. He was anxious to speak with him about his training and that he had gotten an internship with Moody. When Harry made it down to Sev's library, he took a seat in his favourite leather chair and sighed. It's been a while since I've really gotten a chance to relax, he thought bitterly. Training has been rough, but that's never stopped me. His thoughts continued to swirl around as he waited for Severus. Finally, he came in through the portrait."Sev!" Harry exclaimed gleefully, getting up to hug him again."Harry!" Severus said tiredly, as though he was trying to muster as much excitement as he could."Long day?" He asked, looping his arms around him. Snape nodded, leaning heavily into the hug. "Want to talk about it?" Harry inquired with concern. Severus made his way to a chair across from the one Harry has previously vacated. He sat with a sigh and gestured for Harry to sit as well. He did."First years are giving me an absolute headache. Same old, same old," he said softly."I see, how are things going with the whole Voldemort-is-gone-now-and-the-Death-Eaters-have-nothing-to-do thing?" Snape's face darkened."There isn't exactly nothing to do." Fear slithered its way into Harry's chest."What do you mean?""I mean, one of them is trying to be the next Dark Lord," he hissed, a new fire in his eyes."HOW?!" Harry yelled, losing his composure."He told someone, one of the Death Eaters, about how to create a Horcrux. I believe he is using the lessons the Dark Lord gave him, or if he isn't, he soon will be." Harry sagged in his chair as Severus pressed on. "I don't know who it is, but I know that it's a male. Draco still hasn't mastered Occlumency," he said, answering Harry's quizzical look."What is he after?""Power," Severus answered. Harry muttered under his breath. "I didn't catch that.""I never get a break," Harry said more clearly."Clearly," he replied slowly.Harry's mind was racing. If we can catch him before he starts getting too much power, it will be less of a risk First we need to figure out who "he" is. Damn Draco for any mastering of Occlumency he's got"dinner, hungry?" He caught the end of Severus's question."Um, sorry, I didn't hear you.""I haven't had dinner, hungry?" He repeated."Sure, steak?" Harry asked hopefully, setting his fears aside in hope of getting some Hogwarts-style dinner."Of course."
