(( AN: Beta'd by the amazing broken-reverie. ))I stroll down the busy platform at a lazy pace, my feet following the flow of the crowd while my mind wanders. It's early, but somehow the station is still packed. To my left, a mother and father give their heartfelt goodbyes, tears in their eyes, undoubtedly giving every last piece of advice they could muster. To my right, a student comforts a bawling first year, not more than two or three years their junior. As I brush by an elderly wizard giving a vibrant lecture to what could only be his enthralled granddaughter, I catch a glimpse of a small clearing at the end of the station, and correct my path so.Inside my head, however, I am lost in a symphony. It's always been like this; every year since the first, I get to the station, see the newcomers and can't help but reminisce. The first ride on The Hogwarts Express, the countryside I never saw as a child, walking through Hogsmeade, riding up to Hogwarts, and the distinct but faint smell of chocolate in the Great Hall. My mind fixates on one particular memory, that being - my sorting.It had been the first real decision I had made uninfluenced- Rather, entirely of my own volition. The Sorting Hat had been stuck, a three-way tie between Ravenclaw, Gryffindor, and Hufflepuff. My eyes had fixed on someone for a moment, oddly remarkable, yet conventionally normal. It had to have been that little impulse in my thoughts which solved the Hat's conundrum. Strangely, I never found out who they were. Looking back, I doubt my young self had really noticed, let alone cared. The thought only struck me when I returned for second year; without fail, every year after that, I can't help but think of that moment. It's difficult to describe. Impact? No. Striking, maybe Closer. Presence.I break from my reverie as I reach the brick wall at the edge of the station. I set my trunk down, flush with the wall, stretching one last time before sliding down the wall myself. I let out a sigh, not out of boredom, but release. The hustle and bustle of so many lives together blends into a gentle white noise. It's oddly relaxing. I check my muggle watch, noting that I have more than three hours to kill before the others arrive. Surely it isn't too out of place to nap; my sleep schedule has never been normal anyways. As soon as my eyes close, my thoughts stop, ears are consumed by the many indistinguishable sounds around.Sleep, for as long as I can remember, has been my second favourite thing. The lunar cycle has always driven me to the edge before and after the full moon. Nights go by where I'm so charged with energy that my hair stands on its end. I lie awake sometimes, wanting to act, to love, to lust, to take a risk, to hunt, to learn, to bite, to take in the moonlight without fear. Every single time is as electrifying as the first; but just like a battery, I'm drained by the end. The only thing the Wolf and I share after all that is the desire to sleep. And we do. Oh, do we ever.My dreams are filled with royal weddings, ancient curses, funeral processions, and chocolate fountains...."But Mr. Lupin, however could we deal with this tragedy? This chocolate avalanche has absolutely ruined the royal wedding!" At this point, Lucinda is frantic, to the point of tears. I know what I have to do."Fetch me my spoon. I shall handle the problem." I state boldly. The court gasps in unison, murmurs breaking out between nobles and common folk alike. A servant rushes in, handing me a brand new spade. I grin. "I suppose this will have to do."I awaken from my rest to the sound of muffled giggling and scuffling. I groan, sluggishly opening my eyes. The light stings at first, the sun angling in through the skylights above to strike my face. I sit upright, previously having decided that my trunk looked like a comfortable pillow in my daze. Aside from my ungraceful sprawling, nothing seems to be amiss- that is, until I spot James and Sirius leaning against a nearby pillar. Their innocent whistling pierces through the white noise that envelops the station. Behind them, the Hogwarts Express has pulled into the station, but stays dormant. I stand as I check my watch, taking my time to stretch. Strangely enough, it's only ten. In the past five years, It has usually- no, always arrived at half past ten, and departed at eleven. Shrugging it off along with my stretch, I grab my trunk and walks over to the pair of delinquents.As long as I've known them, the two have been inseparable. They haven't changed in four years; not even how they dress. To his family's dismay, Sirius took to muggle clothing like a duck to water, or a wizard to wands. Dressed in muggle jeans, what seems to be a black tee, and a dark, tight, and faintly purple hoodie. Short hair, for Sirius at least. Mrs. Potter must've insisted. James, however, had opted for his sixth year uniform, probably to avoid having to change on the train. I, for one, am perfectly happy in my jeans, loose white collar and jumper. They fit me well, and besides, I didn't have many different sets of clothing."So, Moony, are you going to say hello or are you just going to stand there?" Says Sirius, who had a look of amusement on his face. I have a habit of going off into my own world at inappropriate times. I smile, and wave at the two."Sorry, I'm a scatterbrain." They both snort, a rude deed which I gracefully ignore. "So Prongs, Padfoot, how were the holidays? Get up to anything interesting?" I say, raising an eyebrow- really, for no reason. Sirius crosses his arms, feigning offence, while James actually responds."Actually, yes. You know Evans?" Sirius and I groan in unison."What's the plan this time, James." He looks offended."This time it's actually decent! You know how I've tried everything to convince Evans to date me?" I nod. "Well, listen close, boys. I've got a plan to blow that fucker straight out of the water."Sirius and I lean in, huddling with James, eager to hear the next crackpot scheme.A look of disbelief spreads across my face. The details of James' plan are music to my ears. A quick glance to the side confirms that Sirius is thinking the same thing."So? What do you think?" James says, eager to hear our responses."Let me get this straight." Says Sirius. "You're going to stop talking to Evans.""Yes.""And you're going to stop asking her out." I say."Yes.""And if you want us to stop you if you talk about her.""Yes." Sirius and I share a look; this one is one of joy."Fantastic! An absolutely marvellous plan as ever, Prongs." Sirius says enthusiastically. James rolls his eyes. Laying it on a little thick, Padfoot."All sarcasm aside, James, I think it'll do you better in the long run." I admit. He shoves me playfully, rolling his eyes in turn. Sirius shoves him, and before long the two are acting childish as ever. "Alright, break it up. We should probably get on the train before every room is full." This time James and Sirius share a grin."Trust me, Moony, there's no shortage of rooms." James says cryptically."What? Every year it's the same-""The train's been delayed." Sirius interjects."What? But that never-""Yeah, it was weird when we found out too." I couldn't help but let forth a flood of questions."But it's not like muggle trains; why's it delayed? When does it leave? An hour later, a day, a week? And what does that have to do with the rooms? What about all the-""Merlin, Moony. You panic over the smallest thing." James says, rolling his eyes."I'm not panicking. I'm just asking-" I begin again. Just let me have one sentence."Well, it does seem like something you'd do." Sirius jokes. I shove him lightly."It just seems like it could inconvenience a lot of-" I try to continue."Yeah, that's why they charmed the rooms." Sirius says. I grit my teeth. Cut off AGAIN. There's a pause as I breathe deeply. They're toying with me. I compose myself."Charmed?" I say, smirking with my one word question. Sirius frowns. What looks to be the beginnings of a grin forms on James' face."Made more rooms, made 'em bigger." Sirius mumbles, ceding the point."When?" I pose."Sorry?" Shortest sentence, Remus."Delayed until-""Eight." Merlin's saggy balls. Sirius steals my smirk and wears it as his own; James' smile is growing wider and wider."In the-""Yup!" Quips James. He's clearly enjoying this."-Afternoon?" I finish."Didn't James just-""Of course he did." It's Sirius' turn to look flustered. I lean forward, closing the distance between our faces. If he wants to play aggressive, it's fine with me. The Wolf doesn't back down."Next question?" Sirius says, taking a step back."Why?" I take another step forward. He's on his back foot; literally."Uh, well" Sirius begins. I step forward, and he falters, the back of his foot colliding with the pillar behind him."Well?" I say impatiently. I don't let up."Don't know." He can't go much further back, and stands his ground. Fine with me. I'll win anyway."Fine enough. Peter?" I say, more a demand than a question."Not here-" Sirius begins. That's my cue."I can see that, Padfoot." I advance again. He's practically pinned to the wall at this point, but he's still got the ghost of a grin on his face."Late." He responds. As he speaks, he slides sideways, putting us on equal footing. "They got owls.""Owls?" I ask. For the delay of the train? How did they know ahead of time? My curiosity gets the better of me; I don't notice him circle me until it's too late."Delays." He answers. One word, one slip-up, and I'm on the defensive. Over his shoulder, I see the back of James; some others have drawn him away. I look back to Sirius' face, and he's not an inch from my face, staring directly into my eyes. "Out of questions?" He asks. I never could keep my focus too long."How big?" I ask quickly."Sorry?" He sputters. I frown, confused, but take the opportunity to circle him again."How. Big." I demand, pressing my hands against the pillar on either side of him. Our noses nearly touch. My gaze tilts down, to his collarbone and neck as I take in his scent. He normally smells faintly of chocolate, sweat, dirt, ash and forests; but now it's overwhelming. The Wolf is wild, thrashing, longing to be let loose. It's not even the full moon. When I meet his eyes again, he's completely frozen. I decide to relent a little, wrenching back some of my self-control. "The rooms, Padfoot." I lead."Oh. Oh!" Sirius exclaims, a look of relief spreading across his face. He seems to let out his breath, having held it for who knows long. "Four beds per car, bathroom, main car.""Pretty big then." I mutter."Mmh. Big." He mumbles. There's a pause, as we both stand in silence, eyes still locked."That was really intense. Hot, too. Like, really hot." Says a voice to my right. Suddenly, my brain returns to me, and I realize how we must look. I quickly back up, muttering apologies to Sirius. From the sound of his voice, he's as embarrassed as I am. A quick glance up reveals a small crowd of wizards, witches and students alike watching. Some are muttering, others giggling and a few doubled over in laughter.As I finish collecting the remains of my dignity, I meet the stare of an unusually tall girl with very sharp, very dark eyes. She's dressed in various shades of green, while my face is various shades of red. The colours range from a deep emerald to chartreuse, oddly contrasting with her almost-platinum hair. Her clothes, like her eyes, are aggressive, sharp, even jagged. She sits upon a stack of six or seven trunks, all equally, disturbingly green.I glance at Sirius, trying to gauge his reaction to her. He's sitting, slumped against the wall, evidently completely worn out. When I look back, she and her throne of trunks are gone. I throw a few looks around, searching for where she might've gone, but give up quickly. The crowd that once surrounded us has long since dissipated. I let out a light sigh, moving toward Sirius."Mind if I sit, Padfoot?" I ask tentatively."'Course, Moony." He murmurs sleepily. With that, I slide beside Sirius. He yawns, and spreads the contagion to me."Eight, you said?""Yup.""A little sleep couldn't hurt.""Mhm." With that, I move our trunks tightly in beside me, stacking them. One last glance at Sirius reveals that his eyes are closed. I close mine in turn, leaning my head on Sirius, who leans his head on me. The white noise of the station, though weaker than before, is still enough to drown out my thoughts. A few seconds go by, a few seconds of the weird-but-not-actually-silence that encompasses the station. Then Sirius speaks. "Moony?""Mmh?""You're the best pillow. You're always warm" Sirius trails off."Mhm." I'm too far gone for words. The last sounds I hear are the rise and fall of Sirius' breath....My heart is pounding. I'm shaking. All around me, the shadows of this thick undergrowth play tricks with my mind. I'm trying my hardest to be silent, to calm myself. I try to steady my breathing, scanning my surroundings. It's dark, almost no light breaches the canopy overhead. My nose is filled with the scent of pine, my mouth with the taste of dirt. My feet sting as I become painfully aware of the rough ground below my uncovered feet.Worst of all are the breaths, light enough to be disorienting, to be hidden in the landscape, but loud enough to be heard clearly. Something is hiding. Something is stalking me. I turn my gaze downwards, past my tattered clothing, to my feet. I need to move silently. I creep along, as quietly as I can, making slow progress through the undergrowth. A warm confidence grows in me. Inhale, exhale. Inhale, exhale. The breaths are controlled, soft yet discernible. Suddenly, a twig snaps; and not below my feet.I feel my entire body twitch, just enough movement to jolt me awake. My eyes shoot open, and I instinctively survey the scene. To my relief, I haven't moved an inch; neither has Sirius. The crowd on the platform has thinned significantly. It's not even a crowd anymore. The delay seems to have caused a calm to fall over the station. Not far from us, two older boys are dozing. Brothers? They look similar. Past them, I can see Peter's parents strolling towards the exit, chatting pleasantly. Clearly, Peter has arrived. He and James are probably up to some mischief.Something steals my attention, an oddly rapid movement in the corner of my eye. A man in a pale, beige trench coat moves urgently. In less than a second, he vanishes out of my sight, behind a pillar. Strange. I shake off the thought, and check my watch, careful to not disturb Sirius. Half past four. Six bloody hours, yet I'm still tired. I half-heartedly attempt to resist a yawn, stretching one of my arms as I give up resisting it. Despite all of my effort, Sirius stirs beside me."Moony...?" He murmurs, rubbing his eyes. Apparently my yawn is contagious, as he breaks into one as well. "What time is it?" Sirius asks. As he does, I stand, using him to hoist myself up."Four thirty. Merlin, it feels like I've been asleep for fifteen minutes." I reply. I hold out my hands, pulling Sirius to his feet."You too?" He asks. I respond with another yawn. "Maybe they put a sleeping charm over the station. Control the crowd, you know." Sirius jokes. I chuckle, grabbing for my trunk and his; as I do so, a paper flutters to the ground. I reach for it instead, straightening back up to read it. I can feel Sirius breathing down my neck as he peers over my shoulder to read it.Dear Lovebirds,Well, I left to chat for less than five minutes and of course you two decided that NOW would be the best time to take a nap. Wormtail showed up pretty quickly afterwards. After considerable deliberation, we decided that you two looked too cute together, so Wormy and I are going to go find an open car on the train. Oh, and Moony, Evans told me to tell you that you have a prefect meeting thing at five sharp, and to not be late. Hope you wake up before then.Sincerely,Fuck Off You Prats.James certainly had a way with words. Luckily, I still had time to make it to the meeting. I fold the note up and slip it into my pocket, making a mental note to get James back for that one later. I grab my trunk and Sirius', before moving to board the train. Sirius leaps in front of me, a wicked grin on his face."So, Prongs didn't say which room he was grabbing?" I roll my eyes."I could feel you reading the note, Padfoot. Why are you asking?" I say. He doesn't respond, instead bounding down the narrow corridor of the train. I step on, noticing that the inside of the train had changed considerably. Low burning candles line the walls, which are a dark, orangish-brown. At the moment, Sirius is prying a door to one of the cabins open. He pops his head in momentarily, much to the surprise (and terror) of the residents. Then he shrugs, and quickly moves onto the next cabin.Sensing a challenge, I spring into action. I run down the corridor, stopping to pop my head into the already open cabins, half-shouting a quick apology on Sirius' behalf before continuing barreling down the hall. Oddly enough, as I run from each cabin, laughter breaks out behind me. It didn't matter; the hunt is on.The Wolf is enjoying this. Though Sirius had a significant head-start, it took me less time to apologize than it took him to open the doors. I'm gaining on him fast. He reaches the end of the car, slamming the door to the next one behind him as he goes. I growl much to my surprise, and increase my pace. I charge through the door, not caring to close it behind me.In the next car, an unfortunate group of third years is caught in the crossfire. Sirius shoves by them, leaving them disoriented, and in my path. I flatten myself against the wall, sliding right past them, as another cry of shock is elicited from Sirius' latest victims. Even with both trunks, I'm still faster than them. Another apology, and another response of giggles. I'll get to the bottom of this later. I break into a dash as Sirius passes through the next door. This time, he doesn't take the time to slam it behind him; and this time, I glide through the door before it shuts, saving myself precious time.I get through the door in time to see a clumsy first year spill the contents of not one, not two, but three different trunks throughout the hall. Sirius, seemingly immune to the limitations of time, space, and magic, is already halfway down the corridor. I manoeuvre past the miniature obstacle course with ease, my gaze still fixed on Sirius. I think I actually hear him yelp as I unintentionally growl again. A particularly difficult door causes Sirius to give up, instead bolting for the next door. I follow him through, not more than five feet behind him.I'm locked on, ready for the kill- metaphorically. I can hear the blood pounding in my ears, as time seems to slow down slightly. I slide the trunks along the side of the corridor, freeing my hands as I pounce, tackling Sirius. I take him down to the ground, rolling together for a moment before coming to a complete stop. We're tangled, but I've got him pinned, essentially straddling him. I lean in close. "I win." I state simply."Did you, though?" He replies cryptically. My brow furrows as I open my mouth to speak. I am interrupted, however, by the loud, clear voice of Professor McGonagall, coming from the car behind us.."WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS?" She shouts. I stand quickly, helping Sirius up. We grab our luggage and look for a hiding place. Two cabins behind me, a door slides open. Out pops the head of none other than Lily Evans. She has an understandably confused look on her face. I grab Sirius' hand, pulling him into her cabin, despite his protests.Once inside, I slide the door shut, quickly putting a silencing charm up. I turn around, shoving Lily through a narrow doorway, a new addition to the normally plain cabins. I usher her away with the promises of an explanation, just not right now when McGonagall is going to kill me and then take away my prefect status. I grab Sirius by the front of his hoodie, pulling him on top of me as I lay back on the large seats of the cabin. I pull his head down, pressing my lips against his. He shares the same expression as Lily, a million reactions flood across his face in an instant; some of which I file away for careful thought afterwards.Just as he's about to push away and ask me what the hell I think I'm doing, I hear the click-click-click of McGonagall's shoes as the door flies open. Her anger seems to paint the room a different colour, but quickly fades as she looks just as flustered as Sirius does."Professor!" he begins, breaking away, stuck in an awkward state of shock and embarrassment. "It's not what it- I mean- Uh..." Sirius tries to continue. The look on his face is priceless."It's perfectly fine- natural, I mean! For boys your age to uh- well, what I mean to say is-" She says, in an equal state of shock. Finally, she somewhat recovers. "Goodnight, and, well, stay out of trouble, Black." With that, the door flies shut behind her, and I sit up, gently pushing Sirius off of me. Sirius is petrified, still stuck in shock. I double over in laughter as Lily walks back into the room. Oh Merlin, her face. I laugh even harder, as the two try to process what just happened."Did you just...?" Lily begins, completely perplexed."Yup." I say through the laughter."Just to get her to?" She trails off, and I nod. She seems to recompose herself. "You snogged Black just to get him out of trouble?" She asks."What can I say, I'm a good friend." I say, chuckling. "Besides, I would've probably gotten in some shit too." Lily frowns."Language, Remus." She examines Sirius, who still seems to be frozen. "He going to be okay?" I look over to Sirius."Earth to Padfoot, anyone home?" I say. I wave my hands over his eyes; no response. I look back at Lily, and shrug. "I think his social life is flashing before his eyes." That gets a grin out of her. I punch him in the shoulder, before putting my arm around him. "Cheer up, Padfoot, at least you got the privilege to be my first kiss." Finally, Sirius seems to snap out of it."Oh my god, my life is over." He says dramatically, burying his face in his hands. I mouth drama queen to Lily, who rolls her eyes. Suddenly, he throws his head up. "Wait, how the fuck am I your first kiss?""Because I've never kissed anyone before?" I say matter-of-factly."But what about that girl, Marissa whatever-the-fuck? Weren't you and her together for all of fifth year?" He asks. I shrug in response; now's probably not the right time to say that she never existed."As fascinating as this girl talk is, Sirius," Lily says, "I need to get to a prefect meeting; so does Remus. So if you don't mind, could you kindly get the hell out of my cabin?" With surprising strength, Lily hoists Sirius and I out of the cabin, flinging us out the door along with our trunks. With the flick of her wand, she locks it behind her, and begins striding down the corridor. I shrug apologetically to Sirius and turn to follow her, jaunting energetically....The prefect meeting seems to drag on forever, leaving me restless and electric while Meredith, Crowley, and Lily battle it out over the patrol schedules. I spend most of the time lounging in the comfortable prefect car, fidgeting, and making faces at Meredith when she can't see me. One of the Ravenclaw prefects decides to join in, and eventually, we're making faces at each other instead of them. I'm fairly sure he's in my year, but I can't quite remember his name Olive skin, short length black hair, brown eyes. Hawthorn? Blackthorn? Rosewood?"Well, Remus?" Lily asks me, breaking me out of my reverie. I jump ever so slightly, making the two smirk."Sorry?" I say, straightening up in my now less comfortable seat."Hour-long patrols, or two hours? Lily says two hours will unbalance people's workloads on their patrol days, but I think that's complete bull-" Meredith says."Some of us have busy schedules that can't handle a two-hour block being chopped out of them every week, not that you would-" Lily responds. Crowley interrupts her."Well, you could do an hour and a half instead, with the other half hour some other time during the week.""That doesn't make sense!" Shouts both Lily and Meredith. Shocking, for once they actually agree."Why not compromise? Give people the option of taking two one hour blocks, or one two-hour block." I say, the argument becoming too much for my poor ears. Rosethorn, opposite me, gives me a thankful look."I suppose that could work" Lily begins."Great! Meeting done, right?""Well, I'm not-""Super!" I nearly leap out of my seat, making my way to the door before Lily can say otherwise. I go to close the door behind me, but a hand holds it open, a familiar, grinning face popping out. I think it's Blackthorn. He looks at me oddly for a few seconds, before I realize I'm not actually saying anything. I smile awkwardly. "Blackthorn, right?" I say."Yeah, but most people call me Marco. Or Mark. Or whatever you prefer, really. You're Lupin, right?" He says, word-vomiting slightly. It's endearing in a way; but in what way, I'm not really sure."Yup, but my friends call me Remus." I say. There's a pause, and I can't stop moving my foot. "So, Marco, want to go for a walk?" I ask, not really waiting for an answer. Instead, I grab him by the hand and pull him along, towards the luggage coach and the back of the train. We pass by racks and racks of oversized trunks and owl cages, but in what seems like seconds my free hand is pulling open the final door. Outside, the wind rushes through my hair, and brushes my face. It's almost like I'm blitzing through a field, and that's enough for now. I drop Blackthorn's hand, leaning on the railing, gesturing for him to do the same; he does."Marco Blackthorn... tell me about yourself."..."...so I told him, 'That's not Mom's popsicle!' Merlin, he was horrified." I crack up. We'd been talking for an hour, and the sun is setting. He's muggle-born - the only wizard in his family. He's got two other brothers, and his dad died two years ago. He's the oldest child. He's never been in a relationship. Never kissed anyone. Loves chocolate. Hates spiders. Loves to swim. Loves fishing. Hates hiking. Adores flowers. Smells like daisies and sea salt. It might've been the odd day in general, the amount of sleep I've gotten, something I ate, but I just couldn't shake this feeling of wanting to act. To just do something.Maybe that would explain my next action. I turn to face him, and press myself up against him. He flushes as I touch his forehead to mine and stare into his eyes. He looks away, and I press my lips against his. He breaks away, leaving me full of longing. "I was confused I thought you and Siri-" I silence him with another kiss. My eyes close, my senses focusing on just touch and smell. I run my hands against his back, feeling the contour of his body, and his arms loosely lock around my neck. I part for breath, then move my lips south, down his chin and across his neck. I kiss and suck gently, eliciting a moan from him, before moving down to his collarbone.My hands move down his back, reaching his ass, before sliding around to his front. Just barely brushing his crotch, before moving up the front of his shirt. I explore his slender frame with my hands. I meet his lips with mine again for just a moment, before sinking to my knees. My mouth touches down again, just above his navel, my hands holding the front of his shirt up. I move lower and lower, following his treasure trail lower and lower. He takes hold of his shirt, freeing my hands to work on his belt buckle, then his trousers, pausing at the very thin fabric holding back the boundary I'm about to cross. First kiss to first blowjob in a few hours; what the hell have you gotten yourself into, Remus?...I'm nearly at the car which holds Lily's cabin; but I'm not really there. I'm lost in my head again, that first touch repeating over and over again in my head. Then the first kiss. The lingering, touchy goodbye that almost had me pull him back for a second round. Unfortunately, we had to get back; our respective friends would no doubt start wondering where we were. They might even ask questions, though I might just be paranoid at this point.My body isn't overloaded with energy anymore, much to my surprise. I can't decide if that's a good or bad thing. On one hand, I can focus again. I can think clearly, breathe deeply, and be inactive. On the other hand It was exhilarating. Taking a chance, a risk, without thinking of the endless consequences. The drive it gave me to accomplish something, no matter how small, and the rush it gave to just do something unpredictable It's unexplainable.One thing's for sure; if that's how I have to deal with the electricity, then I'll willingly suffer my new-found cure. His lips, his hips, his mouth, his everything. In a way, everything has finally clicked together, as if I've been missing something my entire life. Girls? Nah. Boys? Oh, hell yes. It's oddly simple, but comforting."I'm probably going to regret this, but what the hell are you doing, Remus?" Lily interrupts my reverie, causing me to jump. So much for improved focus. Evidently, I had reached the car; it hadn't dawned on me that James' cabin might've been somewhere else. I open my mouth to speak, but couldn't find any words. I don't know what I want to say. Lily looks impatient, so I settle for a question."Do you know where James, Sirius and Peter's cabin is?" I ask. She's clearly annoyed."Why would I care where Potter and his crew are?""...To keep an eye on them?" I joke. She cracks a smile, breaking her grumpy faade."Well, that's what I have you for, Lupin. Sorry, I've got no idea." Lily says apologetically. I shrug, and turn on my heels. Better try the Sirius method of finding James. At least I know where to start. From behind me, I hear Lily gasp. Turning, I see a look of half-horror, half-delight spread across her face. "Oh my god they are absolutely evil." I shoot her a confused look. Cryptically, she ushers me into her cabin. "Don't worry dear, we'll get you fixed right up.""What? What's going on?" I ask. Lily shuts the door, locking it and silencing it. "Lily. Come on. Tell me." She rummages through one of her open bags, pulling a mirror from it. With a wave of her wand, it expands, and mounts on the wall."Remus, look at your back." Eager to find out what the fuck is going on, I comply. As I turn, my heart stops, and my jaw drops. Scrawled across the back of my jumper were the words "I AM SIRIUS BLACK'S BITCH" In large, flowery letters. The colours fluctuate from fluorescent green to neon pink, changing to pop against the background. A small part of me is impressed, though Sirius has always been fantastic with charms. The rest of me, however, is too busy estimating how many people had seen the charm. For starters, there's most of Kings' Cross, half the train, all the prefects, Blackthorn, and even all the bloody owls when we went through the luggage compartment."Brilliant." I groan, collapsing into one of the seats lining the walls of the first cabin. Lily sits beside me, and somewhat condescendingly pats me on the shoulder in what should be a gesture of comfort."Cheer up," She begins, "You two would make a cute couple." I twitch in my seat, my mind momentarily jumping back to Blackthorn. Fuck. That's what he was trying to say. I cringe internally, cursing my lack of thought. Lily stands, aiming her wand at me. "Don't worry, I'll have you fixed up faster than you can say-""Lily, wait, stop, Sirius usually-" I interject."Don't worry, I've dealt with thousands of Potter's charms before. Both literally and figuratively, I might add." She says with a wink. Before I can protest, she waves her wand and mutters an incantation.A pink explosion fills the room....My eyes and nose sting as a hot pink smoke assaults my face. I can hear Lily and myself coughing, but I manage to conjure up a gust of wind to throw open the window of the cabin, and in the process expel the smoke. I survey the room; the immediate area is covered in smaller, hot pink versions of the flowery writing. Any surface that could contain the writing is filled with it. I can't help but laugh; Lily looks absolutely ridiculous. Her face and all of her clothes are completely covered, but the best part of all is the look of pure anger and fury on her face. Scratch that - it's like her whole body morphed into an expression of anger."Well," I begin, "I was going to say that Sirius usually puts traps in his pranks, but I guess I was wrong." Lily does not look amused, but I sure as hell do. A quick glance in the mirror, however, steals my amusement. I'm completely unscathed, aside from the obvious mark on my back. I pull the jumper over my head, dropping it onto the seat beside me. "Sometimes, the easiest solutions are the most obvious ones." I say to Lily, with a bit too much smugness.It's Lily's turn to laugh. "I'm not so sure about that." She says cryptically. I glance in the mirror; to my horror, the writing fades in, slowly appearing on my white collared shirt. However, it's worse this time. The writing has multiplied fivefold, and I suspect any further article I take off will multiply it further. I grab my jumper, slipping it back over my head. To my dismay, this also increases the amount of writing. I move for the door."Someone's about to die." I say nonchalantly. "Oh, and try cleaning everything with charmed soap; Baxter and Brigley's Principles of Charms Chapter Six.""Charms are easily negated by their counterparts. The trick is to make them unique, and lacking an opposition or resolution." We recite together, both knowing the line by heart."Padfoot doesn't do permanent damage. I, however, follow no such restrictions." I say calmly."Good thinking, Remus. Have fun with murder." Lily jokes. I give her wave as I leave. Only one problem remains; finding Sirius. He'd probably be in James' cabin, but that could be anywhere on the other half of the train. I'd rather not be seen in this state, as it would be nice to at least have the remains of a social life. The problem stumps me for a moment, until my lips and wand move on their own."Accio Firewhiskey." Just a few cabins down, I hear a familiar startled yelp, and a muffled thud as something hits the wall. "Gotcha."...I slide open the door to the cabin, but to my surprise it's empty. Just like Lily's, it has a mysterious doorway leading into what would be the next cabin. I stroll through it, and the world around me dims, a very thin haze clouding my vision ever-so-slightly. A glance over my shoulder reveals that the previously bright cabin is now dark, only lit by the low lighting ahead of me. Through the corridor, there's a relatively small room, walls painted our house colours. At the far end, another doorway to a brighter, tiled bathroom. A table set with empty plates and cups is propped up against a wall; opposite it, four single beds pressed against a wall. On one bed, my trunk sits, half-open. On top of two of them, three confused-looking boys sit, staring at a wall.I take the scene in, leaning against the empty doorframe. Each of them had opted to change into their nightwear; James wears a navy-blue night-shirt, with dark, nearly black pyjama bottoms; Peter, however, had just a black tee, with bottoms to match. Sirius, ever the show-off, is shirtless, wearing a ridiculous pair of dark, loose bottoms that had two large wolves embroidered on the legs. They aren't even his; he gave them to me for my last birthday. He just wears them to bug me. When he said that they are a famous pair of werewolves from a wizard novel, I nearly punched him. I do wear them sometimes; but never when anyone's around. Merlin knows I have to deal with so many werewolf jokes already.My eyes wander as I think. They've since stopped staring at the wall and continued their conversation; but I'm not listening. I absentmindedly lower my gaze down Sirius' chest. He's toned. Not overly muscular, but still attractive. His hand touches his crotch, just for a second, and I'm transfixed. I call him a show-off, but I mean it affectionately. He's charming, funny, and he knows he's sexy. Wait, what? I shake my head slightly, pulling my eyes from the dangerous zone that is his crotch. I need to clear my thoughts; this past day has been a whirlwind of unexpected events, and it's throwing me through a loop."Evening." I say nonchalantly, The three twitch at my remark; evidently, I had caught them by surprise again. They relax as soon as they see me; although relax might be the wrong word. Sirius and James can't contain themselves, and burst out laughing. Peter at least has the decency to look slightly embarrassed while laughing, but I just roll my eyes, and start walking across the room. I pull my jumper over my head throwing it over to my trunk, unbuttoning my white collared shirt. It leaves me shirtless, joining the pile, soon followed by my shoes and socks. It's an ungraceful mess, but I'll clean it up later. By the time the bathroom door closes behind me, my belt-buckle is undone for the second time this day, and only two people are laughing.My jeans hit the floor, leaving me in a sky-blue pair of boxers. The bathroom is clean, warm, and the shower is inviting. I pause, looking into the full mirror on my right. I'm built similarly to Sirius, but due to unfair advantages, I hardly have to work to keep myself fit. I stand up straighter, fixing my usually loose stance, imitating Sirius. He's more confident when he stands; when he does anything, really. It doesn't make me jealous. It makes me proud of him.I turn on my heels, bending over the sink to quickly wash my face. Briefly, I make a mental note to spend extra time brushing my teeth. In a moment, the thought is gone, as is the last bit of my clothing, my world nothing but hot water. My eyes close, as I just stand, tension releasing from every part of my body. It rises, starting from my toes, running across the soles of my feet, wrapping around my ankles. It jumps up, past my knees, pausing briefly at my thighs, before slowly coiling around my hips and abdomen. An involuntary shudder escapes me, as the tension escapes my lower back, the knots in my shoulders just beginning to untie.I don't know how much time passes. My hair is drenched, droplets forming at the bottom of my chin. I take the next few minutes to scrub myself clean, remembering to enchant a bar of soap to deal with Sirius' trick. Rivulets of bright, pink foam run down my body, signifying my success. When I'm satisfied, I switch off the shower and step out, wrapping a towel around my waist. I use another to help dry my hair. Despite it's damp state, I manage to get it the way I want it. I look over the floor, reaching into the pocket of my jeans. No wand. Other pocket. No wand. Probably in my jumper.I resign myself to having to walk over to my trunk, rather than bringing it into the bathroom via magic; but when I remember that Sirius had left it open, I'm glad I didn't bring my wand. Last thing I need is to have to fit everything back into it. I open the door, noting that it didn't actually lock. I quickly walk to my trunk, carefully pulling my night attire from it. Two voices are talking, but I'm too tired to care. My towel hits the floor, the door closes behind me, and in a few seconds I'm wearing a white tee and a pair of tacky, red and black plaid pyjama bottoms. I fix up the bathroom, and then pack my old clothing into my trunk. I retrieve my wand, placing it beside my pillow. My trunk slides to the floor beside my bed, before I finally join James, Peter, and Sirius, taking my usual seat next to Sirius.Sirius and James are passing back and forth a single bottle of Firewhiskey. A smart idea, considering tomorrow's plans. It wouldn't do either of them well to get wasted so early on in the year. Peter, evidently, opted for his own. At the moment, his half-empty bottle lays corked on the bed. Despite sitting, he's still weaving, at the brink of consciousness. He always was a lightweight. James and Sirius were going off about the usual things; girls, pranks, and Quidditch."...how do you think the team'll do without everyone from last year?" Sirius asks."Well, it's the same every year. You lose some people, get some more besides, they've got me to kick all their arses into shape." They laugh at nothing in particular; one of the features of Firewhiskey."Well, they're doomed then." Sirius jokes."Shove off, Padfoot. I've got" He trails off, counting off fingers. "Like three years of experience and wins to go off. What're you good at?""Pranks 'n' shit, you know that.""As if pranks'll get you anywhere." James quips."Git." He crosses his arms, defensive."Tosser.""You're brilliant in potions." I say, deciding to boost his ego. Like he needs it. "And charms, if it weren't for the papers." I add."Hey! I do well in both of those." James says. Now he's on the defensive."Yeah, 'cause I do all your homework." Sirius puts his arm around me, jostling me, and grins. He shoves the bottle into my hands. I return the grin, taking a quick swig. It burns going down; then a wave of heat flows through my whole body. I pass it back to him. "I do all your homework too, Padfoot, so don't get too excited." I shove him lightly, as James laughs."Yeah, but I help you make the damn things correctly." I nod in response."Merlin knows I'm dreadful at actually making the damn things. Ask me how to make them, and I'll tell you. Ask me to make one? James'd do better!" Sirius and I share a laugh, leaving James to sulk. That would be, if James were anyone else; he's always awfully cheery."Moony, you're brilliant at everything else. That'll get you a lot of attention with the ladies. In fact, it already has, hasn't it?" James says, referencing my made-up ex-someone I'd really rather forget right now. I can't help blushing, my mind returning to my very real, very recent romantic encounter. This only helped the illusion; for James, at least."Apparently not, as I recently found out." Sirius interjects, "Moony never even kissed her.""Whaaat?" James is floored by this revelation. I'm suddenly regretting my giddy spirits. "Was she a prude? Come on, man, spill!" I put my hands up in defence."We were just friends, that's it, end of story.""But you talked about her like, every day, for a year!" Sirius says, incredulous. "How could nothing have happened?""I talk about you every day, does that mean we're dating?" I say, trying to circle around the subject. Sirius sputters, and I take the bottle from him, taking a longer draught. It burns, but it's a good burn."You two would make the loveliest couple." James says, chuckling. I flush again, choking slightly on the Firewhiskey. "Whoa, easy Moony. I can think of a number of people who'll have my head if you're hungover tomorrow.""You gotta explain, Remus. What's the deal?" Sirius asks, weirdly intrigued. I don't have the clarity to ponder why. Another sip, and the bottle runs dry. Whoops. I can't put off the questions any longer."She doesn't exist." I blurt out. I panic; for once in my life, I don't know how to follow up. The two look at me oddly. Peter doesn't, thankfully. He's passed out by this point."Really?" James asks. I nod sheepishly. My face must be redder than a tomato. "Why'd you lie?""...You aren't mad?" I ask, somewhat incredulously. I'm shocked, yet still manage to avoid the question."Why would we be?" Sirius asks. I open my mouth, but don't have the words."...I lied?" Sirius and James exchange looks, smirking at each other. Sirius jostles me again. I'm suddenly very, very aware of his lack of shirt, and how close he is to me. I shake my head, drawing an odd look from Sirius, before refocusing on the matter at hand."We've all lied before, mate. We're just confused why." Sirius says. I can hear the genuineness in his voice. "I've seen a dozen girls approach you before, and another dozen have asked us about you. You had your pick; why make up a girl?""Uh" I have two options; dig my hole, or be honest. They're my friends; what've I got to lose? Well, other than my friends. I swallow, trying to find the right words. "At first, I wasn't really sure I guess I saw you guys have your crushes, your dates, and I felt a little left out." They shoot me odd looks, so I decide to elaborate. "I didn't really want an actual relationship, I think. I didn't have the time; too busy doing your homework." They laugh, and so do I. I loosen up; they're my friends, they're on my side."Go on! You're worse at explaining shit than Peter." James says, urging me on."I also really didn't get the appeal of a relationship, either.""I can think of a few reasons." Sirius says wistfully. He grins wickedly; I shove him."Always so crude." I roll my eyes. "But today I kinda figured some stuff out." James' eyes lit up; so did Sirius'."I knew there was something different about you! You walked in, like, like you were the fuckin' shit." Sirius says enthusiastically; he practically yelled it in my ear."Merlin, calm down Padfoot. You're going to take my ear off." He takes his free hand, moving it a smooth manner, taking the most sarcastic deep breath I ever heard; if breaths can be sarcastic."'Atta boy, Moony! What's her name?" James yells, at Sirius' previous volume. I wince. "Sorry.""Well, his names' Blackthorn-" I begin. "Blackthorn? Like, Elizabeth Blackthorn, the crazy-bitch Slytherin Quidditch captain? No fuckin' way!" James interjects."Marco Blackthorn." I finish, bracing for impact. It never hits."Odd name for a girl She related to Elizabeth?" He continues, apparently oblivious. Sirius seems to be on the same line as James."He's a bloke." I say, relaxing slightly."Oh." To my right, I can see the gears in Sirius' head turning."Yeah, oh." I say, smiling weakly. My head's spinning. Not just from the Firewhiskey."Really?" Sirius says, finally speaking."Yup.""You're sure?" My mind jumps back to the edge of the train."Definitely." There's a pause. James is still gaping."Wow.""Mmh.""What's it like?" I'm floored. It's my turn to sputter."Sorry?""Being with a bloke, I mean.""Well, what's it like being with a girl?" I counter."Why? Still interested?" I pause, again, before speaking."Nope. Definitely not interested in girls.""Explains a lot, really." He quips."Git.""Tosser.""Arse.""You wish." We lock eyes, and then both break into grins. We share a laugh, before James interjects."Well, Moony, tell us about him! Is he nice? Treat you well? Want us to lay down the law? He better treat our Remus right- right, Padfoot?" James says. Sirius responds with a nod. "Otherwise, who'll do my Potions essays when I'm practicing for a big game?""Well, you could try doing it yourself." I quip. I'm suddenly very grateful for my friends. I'm such a sap....It's past eleven now. Nothing's really changed. I can't begin to say how overjoyed I am; reflecting on the past few years, it was just so refreshing to be honest and open with someone. They made me feel wanted. I guess I felt like I was just hanging out in the background, like I was just an extra in their crew. They proved me wrong; I don't think I've ever been this happy to be wrong.My dreams are quiet, peaceful, and anything but lonely.
