*** Hello Everyone! How are you guys? I've missed you SO much. I am sorry for being away for so much but I went through my National Exams and now I am waiting for my results. *** Now as for my story "Secret Past'' I have to say that I don't know when I am going to update it. I just feel so dumb about it and I really don't know what to write. Although I will do my best to think of something. *** Now as for this one: Well let me tell you that the idea was not entirely mine. My little cousin Lia and when I say little I mean 7 years old told me few days ago to play with her dolls. I agree because I can ever put a fight with her because she is so adorable and I totally love her. So we started to play and she just said that she would very much want Severus to be Hermione's father and for McGonagall to be her grandmother. So that moment the idea was completed in my mind so I started to write as soon as she left from my house. So here we are with the first chapter. i hope you enjoy guys! And I hope you like it as much as Lia would want you to like it.Hermione was sitting in her bedroom reading one of her favorite books. It was getting dark outside. She looked up from her book and outside of her window. She thought that a lot of things have changed after last year. She touched slightly the scar she had gained from Dolohov and took a deep breath while memories of the fight at the Department of Mysteries flashed in front of her. She was wondering how Harry was doing. He had lost Sirius the only person who was close to him as a father. When she was closing her eyes she could still hear the cries of Harry when Sirius fell through the Veil. She was scared for his health. She had sent him few letters and his answers were cold and small. Her wounds from that day at the Department, her mentally wounds were starting to heal. Her parents where there for her every minute of the day, although she knew that they weren't her real parents she loved them nevertheless and she knew that they loved her as well. Suddenly her thoughts were cut by a knock at the door of her bedroom.''Come in'' Hermione said and she smiled when she saw the face of her mother ''Hey mum''''Dear, could you please come down, your father and I want to talk to you.'' Jean told her daughter with a small sad smile''I will be there in a minute mum'' Hermione said and stood up from the bed. Jean turned around, closed the door and went down to sit with her husband.A minute later Hermione walked downstairs and went and sat in front of her parents. ''Is something wrong?'' She asked when she saw the worried faces of her parents.John Granger took a deep breath. ''Sweetheart your mother and I love you very much.''Hermione knew that her father was taking his time to tell her what was going on and she knew that she didn't need to tell anything yet. With another deep breath John continued ''As you very well know sweetheart, you are not our daughter. However we love you very much like you are our own child. Today -Today, headmaster Dumbledore came to our house while you were to the beach and talked to us about your true lineage.'' He said and looked at his daughter's now pale face.''Sweetheart do you need a glass of water?'' Jean said and went and sat beside her daughter.Hermione looked at her mother ''Yes mum, please'' She said and immediately Jean went to the kitchen to retrieve a glass of water. She turned back to the living room and handed the glass to her daughter and again sat beside her.''Are you okay for me to continue?'' John asked her when he saw that his daughter had gained her color again''Yes dad, please continue'' Hermione said and gave him a small smile''You see my dear it seems that your mother and father are both magical. The headmaster said that your mother was a pureblood witch with the Urquart as a last name. Her name was Emily Urquart. Your father is a half blood wizard.'' John said and stopped for his daughter to process all the information.Suddenly Hermione asked ''Dad, you said my mother was a pureblood witch. Why?''This time Jean was the one to answer her question ''Well my dear your real mother was killed when you were one year old. She was killed by some death eaters as the headmaster said to us.''Hermione looked at her with tears glistening in her eyes. ''Oh'' she simply whispered''Do you want me to continue?'' John asked his daughter with concern. With a nod from her, he continued ''Well, you may not know your mother however your father is a known person to you. '' At his words Hermione's head shot up.''What do you mean that my father is a known person to me?'' Hermione asked him with wide eyes''The headmaster said that before we tell you his name you have to think that all things happens for a reason and everyone sometimes make the wrong choices but we can't hate them for that now, can we? Everyone deserves a second chance.'' John said to her daughter and Hermione looked him with worry filled her eyes.''Who is it dad?'' Hermione asked with fear for the answer which was coming next.''His name is Severus Sna-'' Before John could finish his sentence Hermione fell to the floor unconscious.Meanwhile:''Severus, come in. We have some serious matters to discuss.'' Dumbledore said when Severus walked inside his office at Hogwarts''He wants new members. Younger members. He is going to make Draco Malfoy a death eater.'' Severus said and looked skeptically at Dumbledore''Severus I think that this is a conversation for some other time. For now we have something else to talk about.'' Dumbledore said and he took a more serious tone''What exactly do you mean Albus?'' He asked with worry''My boy, I talked with Minerva and we agreed that it was best for Hermione to learn the truth now.'' Albus told him afraid of Severus reaction''WHAT? You decided something like this without me? I am her father for heaven's sake.'' Severus yelled very angry''Yes my boy but Minerva is her grandmother and besides Hermione must learn the truth.'' Albus said to Severus trying to make him understandSeverus didn't spoke for a few minutes. He knew deep down that he was right. Hermione had to learn the truth. But he was afraid of the consequences. ''I understand Albus and I presume that you have made the first step?'' Said Severus calmly now''Yes I have. I went and talked with the Grangers today and they agreed to talk to Hermione tonight. I think that you will have a letter from Hermione in the upcoming hours.'' Said Albus and gave him a small smile''Thank you Albus, I know that you care about me and about Hermione as I know that you cared about Emily. But I have to confess to you that I am scared about the consequences. What if Hermione hates me?'' Severus said and for the first time after years he was really worried for something.''My boy, everything will be okay. You will see it soon enough!'' Albus said and gave Severus another smile and looked at Fawkes who had started to sing.''Thank you again Albus. I think I will go back to my room now.'' Severus said and went back to the dungeons. He was thinking about his daughter. Would she accept him? Would she be ashamed of him? Would she hate him when she learned the truth about him? He opened the door to his chambers and immediately went and poured himself a glass of fire whiskey while waiting for Hermione's letter.***So what do you think? Leave a review please guys! This box down there is so lonely and we don't want for it to feel like this now, do we? I hope to see you all soon enough!
