A/n: This was written for the Scroogmas competition on LJ months ago, and I honestly don't remember if I ever even posted it. But I really liked this story, and I wanted to post it for someone to enjoy. It's a little out of date now since it was themed around Christmas, but here it is. Thanks to my lovely beta lozipozivanillabean!A Christmas Spent in AzkabanDay 47She reached up and touched her lips, dry and parched from having been in her prison for so long. She counted the days like she'd seen prisoners do in the movies when she was very young; chalk marks on a wall. Each day she drew one mark, counting when the briefest ray of light rested above her cell once a day. She has forty-seven marks so far.When would they come and get her?If she listened to the man in the cell next to her, then they were never coming. But she wouldn't listen to his negativity, even when there didn't seem to be any hope left. As she drew the forty-eighth mark, she heard him speak."Almost two months now Granger. That's a long time for no one to find you.""Yaxley was killed during the final battle," she replied dryly. "He's the one that brought me here, thinking I would be easy to come get later. He never got the chance. But they can't ask him now because he's dead. Someday they'll find me here.""Someday could mean forever, you know. Those friends of yours aren't the brains of the Golden Trio- you were. How long will it take for them to realise you're in Azkaban? This isn't a place anyone will suspect.""They're going to find me Malfoy," she whispered. She hated when he started acting like this, when he got close to breaking down her hope. "They just need some time.""How will they find you? There are hundreds of cells in Azkaban. The dementor's don't speak, so they won't give away the secret. The Ministry thinks they know exactly who's here, but they easily forget and they don't keep very good records of things, especially when they were mainly concerned about trying to straighten things out after the war. You should've been there Granger. It was an absolute mess.""Yes, I should've been. Instead I was here, wasting away without a wand to break free. Considering some of the people who passed by before the Order won, maybe I'm glad that I could hide in the shadows and no one could see me. Some of those Death Eaters were positively malicious. If they saw me I probably wouldn't be alive.""No, probably not."They lapsed into silence as they often did, having nothing left to say. Hermione oddly enough was grateful for the hole between their cells that allowed them to talk. Without it she'd be left all alone in the dark with no one to talk to. Malfoy wouldn't be able to hear her without it. Hell she wouldn't even know who was imprisoned beside her.She didn't know who lived in the cell on the other side of her. She only knew Malfoy was there because they spoke. In a way, they kept each other sane. Azkaban was truly a cruel, terrifying place."I think we're due for dinner soon," she said after a while."I think you're right. Hopefully they'll start throwing blankets or heat spells in here. It's frigid.""I agree."This part of the conversation she could handle. When the spoke of nothing of importance, when they just talked about nothingness, she could handle those moments. It was when he started taunting her about her friends who hadn't yet come, that she wanted to shut him out.Only when he was kind was he okay. The war had changed Malfoy, though she didn't quite know why. She wasn't even sure what he exactly did to get into Azkaban. He told her that Harry, surprisingly, testified on his behalf. But it wasn't enough to get him out of a years' worth of time in Azkaban. What he did she didn't know, and she wasn't too excited about asking. Maybe it was better if she didn't know at all.Rolling on her side, she ignored the dirty floor as best she could. She needed to try and get some sleep.Day 52"So Ron survived then?""Oh yes, your bloody boyfriend's still alive. He was searching madly for you the last time I saw him."She felt the briefest of smiles tugging at her lips, and she reached up to brush her fingers over them. She could still remember his last kiss, the last one they shared before she was taken. She'd remember that moment of bliss forever. It might be the last one she'll ever have."Do you think he might still be searching?"Malfoy was silent for a long time on the other side of the wall. "I don't know Granger. A lot was changing even then. Things are being reformed, and people are grieving. I can't even guess what Weasley would be doing right now, or Potter either. I just don't know."Hermione pursed her lips. "Well, thank you.""For what?""For telling me something good. There's still a sliver of hope that Ron might still want me when I get out of here.""Maybe. I don't know what goes on inside his head Granger.""I know. But at least now I can hope for something, right?""Don't hope too hard though. Remember, people think you're dead. It's hard to hope for someone to come back who has already passed.""I guess you're right." Falling into silence, she pulled at her ratty stockings. She was captured while the Order was still planning things. Unprepared for an attack, she changed out of her comfortable jeans to clean them and instead wore an old school skirt and stockings that happened to be in her bag. She'd been wearing them since, and they'd gotten pretty ratty. They did nothing to keep her warm, and even less to protect her skin from the rough ground and walls. They had so many holes they were practically useless now. But she hadn't tried to strip them off yet."Who do you have waiting for you when you get out?" she asked after a time. For many minutes he didn't respond, and she wondered if maybe he'd gone to sleep."I don't have anyone waiting for me Granger. My mother was killed in the Battle of Hogwarts, and my father was given the Kiss. Supposedly I was engaged to one of the Greengrass sisters years ago in an arranged-marriage, but when I was sentenced to one year in Azkaban, she came and told me that she'd rather not be associated with me now that I have such a bad record- which is fine with me. I never really looked forward to marrying her.""I'm sorry about your parents.""Don't be Granger. I've long since gotten over it. I've had lots of time to sit in this cell thinking about it as it is.""Still Malfoy, it has to hurt to lose both of your parents. I know the feeling.""How could you possibly know the feeling Granger?"She took a breath. "Before the war this year, before seventh year and before Harry, Ron and I took off to go searching for Horcrux's I wiped my parent's memories and sent them away from Britain to keep them safe.""That's a very noble thing to do. It's also a big sacrifice on your part. Do you think you'll ever go get them and revive their memories?""If I ever get out of this cell." She sighed, shivering in the cold. "Well, they brought us food but forgot the blankets. Think we'll get some tomorrow?""Maybe. Granger, what exactly are you wearing?""Does that matter?""It's bitter outside. I'm just curious if Yaxley left any of your clothing intact.""Yes Malfoy, he did, thankfully. I had stockings that are now mostly torn up, a skirt and a thin shirt. It's pretty bloody cold.""That's all? You didn't even bring a jumper to try and stay a bit warm?""Remember Malfoy, I wasn't sentenced here, I was abducted. By all rights I shouldn't be here at all. Yet here I am.""Yet here you are.""I didn't have the luxury of grabbing an extra jumper before Yaxley and your Aunt stole me away. She gave him the job of hiding me, and he did too good of a job. Anyway, they should bring blankets in the next few days. I've read about Azkaban before. The dementor's have to ensure that there are no unneeded deaths.""I see."When he says nothing more, Hermione finds herself the most comfortable patch of earth she can and settles down. It's going to be a long night.Minutes later she hears something being pushed through the gap between their cells. Rolling over she panics, fearing that the dementors have discovered their communication route and decided to cover it up. If she was left all alone in this place again, she'd surely lose her mind."Granger, stop crying in there. It's just a bloody jumper."She paused, reaching forward until she felt the soft material. Snatching it up, she wrapped the jumper around as much of her body as she could, sighing contently at the warmth. But he shouldn't be giving her his things- right?"Why?" she asked a minute or so later when she was comfortable again. "Won't you get cold now Malfoy?""I'm wearing a lot more than you are Granger. It's less likely that I'll freeze to death. Keep the bloody jacket; I'm fine."She smiled into the material, marveling at the warmth. "You're not the same heartless Pureblood I remember from the war. You've certainly changed in the last month since coming here.""I changed long before then Granger."When he doesn't elaborate, she drops the topic. They've come to know when to stop asking each other questions.Day 81"What day did you come here Malfoy?""I don't know. I was sentenced on the sixth of October, and brought here on the seventh.""It's Christmas.""Beg pardon?""Today's Christmas Malfoy. I was trying to do the math, but I don't remember what day I came here. So, I subtracted the days until you got here, and then added from there. Today's December 25th.""And we're spending it in Azkaban.""Yes.""With each other.""Yes.""By talking through a hole in the wall between our cells. How sad."Hermione scoffed. "Well, it's definitely never how I imagined spending any of my Christmas's.""Agreed. At least now we have blankets.""Yes, thin little pieces of fabric that barely fight off the cold.""They're better than nothing.""I suppose." She reached up and played with the old ribbon that held her hair back. Technically, her ribbon was a makeshift piece of fabric that she tore off her shredded stocking and used to keep her hair back."Happy Christmas Granger."She froze at his words, uncertain what to say now. "Excuse me?""Happy Christmas. If we can only celebrate with one another in these rank little cells, then we may as well make the most of it.""Oh, right. Well, Happy Christmas to you too Malfoy.""Thanks.""Yeah."It was weird to wish Malfoy a happy anything. Only a few months ago, she couldn't stand him. Now, he was like her only friend in the world.At least, the only friend who knew she was alive."What's your wish for Christmas?" he asked a few minutes later. She was again surprised by what he said."My wish? I think that's self-explanatory Malfoy. I want to get out of Azkaban.""Fair enough."She sighed. "And what's your wish then? The same thing?""Not at all Granger. In a year I go free. I can wait that long if I have to. My wish would be quite different.""Well, what would it be then? Go on, don't be shy. It's not like I'm going to go off and tell someone. It'll stay between you and me."He hesitated for a moment. "I'd wish my mother back to life."She froze for a third time. There he went again, surprising her with statements she didn't expect. While her wish was needy and desperate, his was heartfelt. They were both wishing for the things they wanted most.Hermione had never realised he cared so much about his mother. She thought the relationship between Draco and his father was stronger, but maybe that's only because he was constantly talking about telling Lucius things when he was younger and didn't get his way.She was sitting directly next to the hole today, blankets wrapped around her body. She glanced down to where she knew the hole was, a brief flicker of daylight having shown her its location more than once. Reaching her hand through, she cleared her throat."Come sit by the hole, Malfoy.""Why?""Just do it- please."They never asked each other to do things, never. But today he listened. She could hear him shifting around on the other side of the wall, until he finally spoke again."I almost crushed your hand with my foot.""It wouldn't be the worst thing that's ever happened to me Malfoy. Now grab hold.""Why?""Because, everyone should be with someone at Christmas. And all we have is each other. We might as well make the best of it."There was the briefest pause of hesitation before his hand fell into hers. Hermione gave his hand a squeeze, and he squeezed back. It was the only connection she'd had to another human in three months.She rested her head back against the wall, feeling the tears roll down her face. She wanted to be out of there more than anything else. But in that moment, she'd readily take Malfoy's comfort. They needed each other to stay alive at this point. It was the only way they wouldn't end up like Bellatrix and Lucius and everyone else who ever spent time in Azkaban."Granger?""Hmm?" She didn't dare speak for fear that her voice might crack."I'll get out of here in October, unless I get out earlier, like in August. When I was sentenced, my friend Blaise was already working to get another trial and might get me out earlier. Whenever I get out of here, I'd like to bring you with me if possible.""What?" She didn't drop his hand, but pulled away from the wall, staring at the black space where she assumed his face would be on the other side. "You won't be able to.""Not the day I leave, no. But Potter and Weasley will readily jump at the idea that you're alive and hidden. If they don't, I'll come back and get you out myself. You're not technically a prisoner. You don't have to stay here."Her breath hitched. "What if the dementor's don't let me out?""The dementors answer to the Ministry now. I'll get a note or something, I don't know. But you don't need to remain here. Besides, when I'm gone, you'll have no one left to talk to. I can't leave you like that for long.""Afraid I might get a little loopy?""I'm afraid you'll lose your mind. My father apparently lost his for a bit after his first stint in Azkaban. My Aunt came out of this place an absolute demonic nut-job. Without each other, we wouldn't have made it this far. You've kept me sane in this bleak black world Granger, oddly enough. I won't just leave you here to rot. And when Potter and Weasley have an idea of where you are, I'm sure they won't leave you here alone either."Merlin, she hoped not. She desperately kept hoping that they would come for her. "Okay then. But Malfoy?""What?""I'll agree to your deal if you agree to mine. If for some strange reason my friends do figure out where I've been hiding, then I want you to come with me. If you refuse to leave me here, then I sure as hell won't leave you.""Are you sure Potter and Weasley won't be offended that you're bringing someone like me along?""I don't care if they are. You'll be coming with me. Now, do you accept my deal? If you do, I'll accept yours.""Then it's a deal Granger. We're both going to get out of this place, someday."Things changed on day 189 for Hermione. Draco was thrown a letter from the Ministry with his food, and she sat on her side of the wall waiting to hear what he had to say.It took him a long time to say anything to her. He kept trying to stop the dementor's, to get them to listen to something he needed to say. They wouldn't listen. Eventually, he sat down beside the hole, letting off a slew of curses."What was all that about?" she asked, sitting eagerly to hear what had happened. Nothing exciting or new had happened since Malfoy became her neighbour."They've upped my release date," he muttered, though he didn't sound happy about it."Malfoy, that's great! When is it?""No Granger, it's not great at all.""What? Why not? You should be excited to get out of here.""Granger, a Ministry official is coming."Her eyes widened. "That's even better! That means-""It means that the bastard probably won't believe a word I say," the blond spat, surprising her. "It might come as a surprise to you Granger, but I'm really not the Ministry's favorite person. They don't listen to me most of the time. If I tell them you're in the cell next to me, they might not believe me and they might leave without you."Her face paled. "Well then, I'll I'll just scream. Whoever comes will have to listen then!""Yeah, if they aren't a dense fucker. Granger, the Ministry's quite tight-lipped these days. And they really don't listen to anything anyone has to say. If they don't believe me, they might not believe you even if you are screaming. Anyone could live in that cell since their records are shitty. They won't take my word for it unless we can prove it. And since the Ministry is all about not wasting time, they aren't going to come over here and check your cell. I bet you they ignore your cries, since anyone who even spots them walking around in here is going to beg to be released."She felt panic setting in. He was going to leave her. The person who'd been with her for months was going to leave her all alone here. Sure, they made a deal, but once Malfoy was free of Azkaban would he even think twice of her? Would he even tell her friends? She withdrew from the hole, moving to the opposite corner as she tucked her knees up tight towards her. She was getting afraid now."I'm sorry Granger, I really am. I'll do everything I can to get you out of here as soon as possible.""Thanks," she replied, though her voice was strained. Doubt clouded her mind again. Would he really come back just for her?Day 190She was alone. The Ministry worker came to get Malfoy, and didn't pay a second thought to her cries or Draco telling him who she was. He ignored the both of them like a jerk.And he was gone. Her friend was gone now. In the minutes following his absence, Hermione was surprised to find herself crying.She wasn't supposed to be attached to Malfoy. But they'd become attached to each other and learned to lean on each other for support in this situation. Without her support column, she collapsed.A small part of her mind kept saying that he wouldn't come back. No one would ever come back for her. She tried to force that part away, afraid of having it cloud her whole mind. She wouldn't go insane after only a few hours.Hermione refused to go insane at all.Day 231It took Draco longer to get back to Hermione than he ever planned. When he got out of Azkaban he was hounded by reporters, swamped in bills that he needed to pay, and left in charge of everything his father and family ever owned. He had to straighten out his own life.He did those things in his free time, which wasn't often, as he was focused on getting Hermione out of Azkaban.She had been there forty-one days longer than he had. He wasn't sure what kind of toll that would take on her mind. He wasn't even sure how she would react to seeing him again.He knew one thing though; it had taken way too long.At first her friends had thought he was playing a cruel joke. But when he broke down, the Draco Malfoy cried and broken down and told them that they were fools for not going back to help their friend, Harry and Ron started having second thoughts. He was contacted by the pricks a week after he told them she was alive, saying that they believed him and would go to the Ministry with him to get her out. It took them way too long in his opinion.One could not just march up to Azkaban and demand that someone be set free. A dementor might eat your soul for that, you might die, or be left extremely scarred by what a dementor could do to you to make you turn back. Draco knew nothing would be accomplished by going that route.It took a lot of bribery from his personal funds to get the Ministry to let the trio go back and get her. Each day he wondered how far she was slipping down the path of insanity, and how long it would take her to break. Each day, he prayed she could just hold out a little longerToday on her 231st day in Azkaban, he was going back to get her. Potter and Weasley came along, following him down the same path he'd walked twice, both eager and frightened to see their long lost friend who'd been gone for over six months. They weren't sure how she would be after all this time.Draco led their little group, his heart hammering with every step he took. He too was afraid of what he was going to find.When the door to her cell opened he was the first one inside, crouching down beside Hermione's body, which was curled up on herself. The woman who he shared many conversations with for weeks at first pushed him away, shielding her eyes from the unfamiliar light. He threw his wand into his pocket, forcing them back into darkness, and then picked her up.She trembled in his arms."I'm sorry Granger," he whispered, slowly rocking her back and forth in his arms. "I'm sorry it took me so long to come back."Her only response was a squeak, and he squeezed her closer to his body at the sound. She didn't appear insane, at least not right now. But that didn't make him feel any better. She was still damaged by the experience of being left alone.Because he left her all alone. He should've written a letter to the Ministry in his own blood explaining the situation the same day the note was delivered. Maybe then she wouldn't have spent forty-one days all alone in this hell."I'm sorry Hermione," he whispered, kissing her forehead. "I'm so sorry."He didn't expect a response from her, but when Hermione's voice broke through the sound of his soft cries he heard her loud and clear. "I forgive you, Draco."
