A/N: I kept telling myself I wouldn't do it...but here I am again, writing yet another Drarry fic. Guess I just can't help returning to my OTP! The title of this fic is based off a brilliant cover of the song (which I pretty much listen to on repeat when I write this). You should look it up! Heartbeats by Scala and Kolacny Brothers.Warnings: future slash: don't like? don't read. Also, torture-not too graphic but it'll be there nevertheless.~xXx~One night of magic rushThe start: a simple touchOne night to push and screamAnd then reliefTen days of perfect tunesThe colors red and blueWe had a promise madeWe were in loveAnd youYou knew the hand of the devilAnd youKept us awake with wolves' teethSharing different heartbeats in one nightTo call for hands of above, to lean onWouldn't be good enough for me, no-Scala and Kolacny Brothers~xXx*** Day 1 ***Draco Malfoy was walking to the drawing room in Malfoy Manora room he must have walked to hundreds of times in his life. He knew the way without even having to think, and right now he didn't want to think. Thinking, above all things, was dangerous. Thinking was what had gotten people like Snape and Dumbledore killed. Draco had gone through too much to be killed nowhe'd crawled through too much blood, and he'd vomited up to many vows.He'd made all the right choices. He'd chosen the winning team. The Death Eaters had overcome Hogwarts, and it was only a matter of time before the rest of the Wizarding world followed suit. They'd won. And Harry Potter was gone. Harry Potter was"Good evening, Draco."Draco looked up, his heart flying into his throat. He'd entered the drawing room without even realizing. Draco froze, blinking and trying to take in his surroundings. Lord Voldemort was reclined on one of the sofas near the hearth, one foot propped up on the cushions while the other dangled near the floor. His long white arm was draped along the back, his sharp nails scraping at a loose string. It was a far cry from any of the usual cold calculated poses the Dark Lord usually favored, but he somehow managed to make it look just as menacing. Voldemort's eyes slid across the room while Draco's immediately fell. The Slytherin dipped into a deep bow, glad that his robes were loose enough to cover the trembling in his knees."You summoned me, My Lord?""Yes," Voldemort drew out the 's' with a spine tingling hiss. "Do you know why that is?"Draco didn't, but he very doubted that Lord Voldemort wanted an answer anyway."You've done something that very few of my followers have managed to do. It's not that odd, I suppose, considering the incompetence I deal with on a daily basis. Do you know what that thing is, Draco?"Again, Draco didn't respond.The barest hint of a smile curled on Voldemort's thin lips. "You surprised me."At this, Draco's eyes did flick up. Red irises held him like a rat caught in a snare."I'm sure you're under no delusion as to why I gave you the task of killing Dumbledore. I was assured you would fail, and in the end I suppose you did. However" With a fluid grace, Voldemort folded his limbs together and stood. His large black robes billowed behind him like smoke as he walked towards Draco. "Your failure gave me something so much greater."Draco watched the Dark Lord's hand dip into his pocket and pull out the Elder Wand. He stared down at it distantly. The white wood looked overly pale against his Lord's greyed skin."You gave me a great gift. Youa mere boyfigured out why the Elder Wand would not obey me, even after I'd killed Snape. You told me that Harry Potter was the master of this wand, and yet you also told me that he did not have to die in order for that power to be transferred to myself. How ironic it was that the only thing required to give me this power was not death, but a simple disarming charmHarry Potter's own trademark spell. I followed your instruction against my better judgement, and my reward was more than I could've ever imagined. Because I did not kill the boy, you inadvertently gave me vital information that no one else had ever been able to give me. I discovered something about Potter I would never have known, and that knowledge ended up saving my life. You, Draco, gave me this when no one else could."Draco's throat hurt, like he'd just swallowed something that wouldn't go down. It was truehe had figured the wand's riddlebut not in time. Not in time to save Snape."In return I'd like to honor you above all other Death Eater's. In returnI'd like to grant you a task that I trust to no one else."For once, Draco couldn't keep the words down anymore. There was a dread growing deep within him, dark and foreboding. "What's that, My Lord?"The Dark Lord's eyes flashed a blood searing red in the darkness. "I'm not sure if you've heard yet, butwe've captured Harry Potter."~xXx~Short entry I know, but since I'm going to be doing this fic using days as chapters, I think I'll be able to update much more often than usual. Thanks for reading!Feed the starving writer!
