Bloody Lies and MatesChapter One: Of new beginningsSummary: From his parentage to the blood in his veins, Harry has found out he quite literarly lives a bloody lie. As lies pile up both about his life and the war, Harry turns to the only thing that makes sense.Warnings: Abuse, past non-graphic prostitution, slash, dark!James Potter, dark!Harry Potter, bashing!lightside, bashing!Dumbledore, bashing!Hermione, bashing!Ron, veela!Lucius Malfoy, veela!Draco Malfoy, veela!Harry PotterHarry James Potter didn't feel like the saviour of the wizarding world. He didn't feel as though he were that important at all. For, if Harry was important then why was he here at the Dursleys. For protection they said, but Harry didn't feel very protected in fact he felt quite the opposite. These so called blood wards may keep dark wizards out but it did nothing against muggles with bad intentions.The beatings had started when he was merely five years old. These beatings weren't the normal tap on your arse. They were beatings with belts, chains, metal spoons, and basically anything else that was near his Uncle Vernon at the time. Aunt Petunia never laid a hand on him herself but always made Uncle Vernon do the dirty work.When Harry turned thirteen, the Dursleys began running out of money so they did what they saw the "freak" deserved and began selling Harry's body. Harry worked as a prostitute unwillingly for several years causing the Dursleys to become rich. Once number four was paid off entirely and the Dursleys had many of the possessions they desired they let Harry stop. Harry was thankful when they told him he could stop going to the brothel in the city.It was the day before Harry's seventeenth birthday. He was given a list of chores that seemed endless- everybody's laundry, yard work, clean the kitchen, clean the living room, and pot flowers in front of the house. What made the list seem endless was the time constraint of merely ten hours. Harry knew before he even began that he wouldn't finish the entire list before the time was up but he would try as hard as he could.Harry took turns between doing loads of laundry and doing the yard work. It would appear as if his relatives wore half of their closets by the size of the piles of clothes he had to do. After ten hours, Harry successfully did all the laundry, the yard work, and part of the kitchen. When the time was up, Harry was exhausted. If it wasn't for the three glasses of water his Aunt Petunia allowed him to have, he was sure he would have passed out from dehydration."Freak!" Uncle Vernon shouted as he entered the kitchen."Yes Uncle Vernon?" Harry responded."You didn't finish all the chores I gave you. For that you will be punished."Uncle Vernon took his belt off and advanced towards Harry. He immediately began the lashings. After thirty, Uncle Vernon pulled away. Harry was lying on the ground, curled up in pain. He was bleeding everywhere the belt had touched him which was his back, sides, part of his torso, and his cheek."Get out of my sight!" Uncle Vernon shouted.Harry slowly got up and carefully walked upstairs to the smallest bedroom of the house. He went inside and collapsed on the bed. He didn't care that the blood would get all over the sheets. It would only join the other faded blood stains. Harry took a deep ragged breath and closed his eyes. He was so exhausted.Harry slept peacefully throughout the night. Due to being unconscious, Harry missed seeing the blue glow surround his body at midnight signifying his creature inheritance. When Harry woke up, he would be in for a big surprise for everything in his life was a bloody lie. Harry woke up the following morning to an uncomfortable ache radiating throughout his body. He felt a small weight near his feet and looked down to see an unknown owl there with a letter clutched in his claws. Harry yawned and sat up before carefully taking the letter. The envelope didn't reveal anything as to who might have sent it. Cautiously, Harry opened the letter and began to read.Dear Harry,My dear son, there is something I have to tell you. The life you were forced to live is a lie. Starting with who your parents are. Lily Evans was never your mother. That was just a cover for my mate and myself. You see, Harry, you were born from two men; Lucius Malfoy and I. How is that possible you ask well we are not normal wizards. Your father, Lucius, is a vela and because of the bond I share with him I am able to get pregnant. Males have to be mated to veelas in order to carry children naturally. Of course, they could also take a potion to become pregnant.The reason you are receiving this letter is because I have died and knowing Lily she probably hasn't told you any of this yet. Since you are seventeen now you will be coming into your creature inheritance. As a new veela you should know a few things. Your senses will be heightened. You will gain wings that are retractable- these are so you can protect yourself or your mate. Lastly, you will gain a soulmate. A person that you will live with and love forever. This person is your other half and will complete you. It's extremely rare for bonded mates to hate each other for once you bond you will only want them and no one else as your partner. However before you bond, any range of emotions could course through you about your intended mate. Even if you originally hate your mate, please try to connect with them. I say this because living without your mate is like your body is an empty shell.I wish I could be there for you. To tell you these things in person. Knowing me, I probably did something stupid that lead to my death and for that I'm sorry. You however probably have the same stupid instincts as me and for that I also apologize. I hope you turn out more like Lucius- a calm, intelligent, persuasive soul. I hope you grew up to at least know him but in our line of work it is possible we could die any day. So I leave you with my dying wish which is to please be nice to your twin brother Draco and to your father Lucius.Love always,James Potter-MalfoyHarry stared at the letter in shock. How in the hell could this even be possible? He needed to make sure this wasn't a fake letter but he didn't know the spell to check. A trip to Gringotts was in order. If anyone could tell him of his true parentage and blood then it would be them.Harry didn't want to stay at Privet Drive any longer. Now that he was seventeen he didn't have to. He had gotten no other letters. None from his friends. None from the Order. Harry decided to hell with him and packed up his things. He would go to Diagon Alley and rent a room at one of the taverns if he had to. He just needed to get out of this hell hole first. After he had packed his things, he went outside to the playground down the street and stuck out his wand effectively calling the Knight Bus.The Knight Bus came moments later. Stan introduced himself and gave Harry a ticket before helping Harry carry his trunk onto the bus. Harry sat down on one of the beds offered and began thinking. He wondered that if what the letter said was true then why did Lucius and Draco treat him like shit? But then Harry thought, what if it is just a cover? What if they had to hide their true feelings about him because they were being watched by someone? Perhaps even by the person who killed James? And what was this line of work James and Lucius were in? It couldn't be Aurors because Lucius wasn't one. The only other dangerous work that he could think that James could be talking about were the deatheaters but James hadn't been one, had he? Harry was so confused and he had plenty of questions.The Knight Bus stopped suddenly and Stan announced that they were in front of the Leaky Cauldron. Harry grabbed his trunk and left the bus. He entered the pub quietly. People were bustling all over the place- some muggle and some wizard and witch. Harry hummed to himself as he looked around. It was a nice place in Harry's opinon. He went over to the owner, Tom, and requested a single room for the next month. Tom was a bit perplexed at how long Harry wanted to stay but agreed to let him rent out a room. Once Harry had his things put in his room, he locked the room, pocketed the key, and headed for Gringotts.
