I do not own Harry Potter."What are they so interested in?" Remus hissed under his breath to his older cousin."Remus Lupin! Oh, what a pleasure! Please come" the interviewer paused as Remus looked back at Caden as if he wanted to to follow, "but alone, Mr. Lupin, we need to speak to you alone."Remus looked back at Caden helplessly but all she could do was return the same helpless look. But the interviewer seized Remus by the arm and dragged him along, the camera men following behind.The interviewer shoved Remus inside, what is looked like, an old greenhouse. The heat seemed to enter and swell, making the room warm."We need cool air!" the interviewer bellowed. Three or four men jumped to the task of pulling out their wands and blasting cold air in the musty room."Excellent, I am Kilo Ryver with Remus Lupin. Er  now Mr. Lupin, we want to ask a few frequently asked questions.""Go on," Remus said."Do you remember the creatures that attacked you the night your father, John Lupin, died?"Remus felt himself being swept from his feet by the wind and carried back in his memories that went by like a flash of light. Then it stopped when he saw his father crumple at the claws of the werewolf, his mother clutching his hand as if it was going to bring him back to life, then it ended."Do you remember anything about the creatures that attacked?" Ryver repeated."No.""Anyway, how would you feel if you came across those creatures again?"I turn into one very month, Remus thought bitterly."I dunno," Remus said lamely."Well . . . Lupin, what would you do if you came across thisercreature that killed your father?" Kilo asked, looking eager for Remus's answer.He thought long and hard about this, considering all the things he could say but he seemed to have more important things in mind."I dunno . . . run," Remus said after a pause.There was the silence of Kilo's quill scratching against the notepad."Brilliant Lupin; now what would you say to your parents if they could read this?"Remus was taken by surprise by this question, he had not thought of what he would say to his parents. But of course when the thought came up, there was so much Remus wanted to say, but all those on his mind were things he would not say to the public."I'd say thank you for everything they gave me."Kilo nodded vigorously and scribbled some more down on his notepad."Is that it, sir?" Remus asked, hoping it was. He could feel the discomfort increase even more."No! Of course not Lupin! There are so many questions people are dying to hear! And as my civic duty as a reporter for the Daily Prophet I have to give what my audience wants. And what my audience wants is answers from the all too-well known Remus Lupin and his courageous family and what happened the night the tragedy struck and change""all right!" Remus interjected impatiently. "A simple answer what have sufficed.""Right then," Kilo said nervously coughing, "rightso let's move onto your friends, shall we?""My friends?" Remus echoed dismally."Correct, now are you close friends with anyone us wizarding world would know?"Remus was not keen on giving out his friends' identities."Sir, I don't know," Remus decided to say."Hm, secretive about your friends, are we?" Kilo said in a disappointed tone.Remus shrugged, not knowing how to respond."Then we'll move onto the girls you have befriended at your school, shall we?" Kilo said, looking eager again. "Students say you are found often talking to two girls. This person says you alternate between the two.""Er . . ." Remus trailed off thinking who said that so he could hex them into oblivion. "I dunno what they're talking about.""Ahh," Kilo sighed contently, scribbling more down onto his notepad, "denial of young love.""It's not young love!" Remus snapped."Then what do you call it? Who are these girls this student speaks of?" Kilo inquired, urging Remus to say more."They are wonderful friends," Remus replied vaguely."And this student says one of the two girls you speak to is Muggle-born, is that true?""What's that got to do with anything?" Remus asked quietly."Nothing m'boy. I was merely surprised that you were associating with MudbloodsI mean Muggle-borns!""what?" Remus cut him off. "If I'm working with an interviewer whose all about blood-type, then forget it," Remus snapped and made to get to his feet."No! You can't leave Lupin! We have an interview to finish!" Kilo said standing up as well."Forget it," Remus snarled aggressively."Protego!"Remus was blown backward b such a powerful shield charm. He landed on his ankle first and swear he could hear his bone crack and move. Doing his best not to curse, Remus limped painfully back to Kilo, looking very agitated and ready to hex."What? What more do you want to know?" he asked in a strained voice."You cannot lose your head just because I called your friend a Mudblood," Kilo said defensively."Stop calling Lily that!" Remus demanded, letting go of his wand that he was clutching."Oh, so her name is Lily. What a pretty name. What does she look like Lupin?" Kilo said, once again, looking eager with his quill and notepad ready."She has red hair," Remus replied and felt a pang of anger as Kilo was writing down everything he said."What is the romantic interest you have with her? I heard that she kissed you on Valentine's Day," Kilo pressed, holding his notepad closer."There is no romantic interest between her and I," Remus said firmly, "none whatsoever."Kilo looked downtrodden. "Are you sure? Because this student saw this Lily kiss you on Valentine's Day""that was such a platonic thing!" Remus said, frustrated. "It's a sign of our friendshipnothing more!""And what about this other girl?" Kilo said trying to sound nonchalant."What about her?" Remus asked aggressively."Is this other girldo you fancy her? Is the feeling mutual?"Remus could not believe he was wasting his time talking to someone who would not listen to whatever he had to say."Alice is just another one of my friends. She's nothing more than a friend."Kilo seemed to scrutinize his notepad before waving his wand, watching the quill scribble some more down, scratch it out, and rewrite. And during that, he would occasionally nod or shake his balding head and frown."Thank you Lupin, I look forward to interviewing you again," Kilo said brightly after a few moments of silence."Right then . . ." Remus said slowly, not entirely sure the feeling was mutual."I'll be on the Daily Prophetyou get first copy!" Kilo said, clapping the young werewolf on the back and striding away.Remus started the opposite direction and sprinted to the lobbythere sat Caden with her fianc, Dorian. They were both reading a book in silence, waiting patiently for Remus."I'm sorry Caden, I didn't expect Ryver to talk that much," Remus panted as he skidded to a halt in front of the two."How'd the interview go?" Dorian asked."He asked loads of weird questions that I had no answer for," Remus sighed and plonked down next to Caden. "He'd ask me about my mum and dad or about"Remus immediately stopped talking and turned pink as Caden waited for him to finish."Or about what?" Caden asked."Never you mind," Remus said quickly and stood up so fast he became dizzy.Caden frowned but did not press the subject matterRemus was thankful for he did not want to talk about Lily nor Alice to them quite yet.Caden, Dorian, and Remus filed out of the hotel lobby in a Muggle city and headed down the street and turned the corner. Dorian offered his arm to Caden and Remus and the three apparated back to Caden's house.The three separated into different rooms; Remus was just sitting down when Caden had called him back in. Remus groaned but dragged himself into the kitchen to find the Daily Prophet."You've made the front page," Caden said, busing herself with chores."How? I thought he was such a fraud," Remus said but flipped open the page. There, Remus was sitting on a chair, his knee bouncing, with Kilo Ryver sitting across from him, beaming.Remus Lupin, a young thirteen year old boy, blinded by his grief and anger and looking for a purpose now that his parents are gone, has finally come to open up to the public. The famous Kilo Ryver has stepped forth to ask Remus Lupin the questions everyone has been dying to know.And even though he does not remember what attacked him and his family the night John Lupin was killed in the fray, Remus vowed that he would avenge his father's death. If Syrena and John Lupin were able to read this, Remus Lupin would have wanted to thank them for everything, and through his sorrow, Remus Lupin has risen from the ashes, out to seek revenge.His rash actions and determined desires drive him forward, however, this is not going unnoticed. A student that goes to school with Remus Lupin says he is often seen with the presence of two girls, and mind you beautiful girls; their names are Lily and Alice. If Remus is not with Lily, he is with Alicethis student says it is hard to decide which girl he is with more. He certainly is one of the more interesting people I have interviewed. He denies his love for his friend, Alice, and seemed to get annoyed whenever her name came up in our conversation.Now, to conclude this article, if anyone has any more information regarding Remus Lupin, I implore you to contact me. This article was written by Kilo Ryver. Do not worry my enthusiastic admirers, you will hear from me very soon."You've got to be joking!" Remus snorted and tossed the Daily Prophet to the side. "He makes me sound like I am going to track down the creature that attacked my family.""That'd be a waste, you already know who did," Caden said, "I know how you feel, I'd feel annoyed too if I was publicized like this but you musn't lose your head over it.""I never said I would," Remus huffed, "this is just ridiculous."Caden sighed sympathetically and put a bowl of soup in front of him. Remus moodily stabbed his soup with his spoon, swirling it around (occasionally splashing it)."Remus! That soup is going to get cold and that is good soup!" Caden said crossly."You can use magic to warm it up again," Remus dared to point out, stealing a glance at his cousin."But I won't."Remus frowned but before he could reply, a loud wrapping noise interrupted him. He would have been less surprised if there was only one owl like usual, but this time, four owls stood outside on the window sill, each bearing their own letter from their owners. Remus let all of them in, and watched as they stuck out their legs or dropped the letters from the beak. Remus offered some of Ohanzee's food (much to Ohanzee's dislike).Remus opened the letter given by the biggest tawny owl (Sirius's owl) and read it:Remus,How come I read about you in the Daily Prophet? What have you been up to now? I hope you aren't mistaken and think that your story won't get much attention. First off, everyone reads the Daily Prophet. Secondly, you made the front page. And thirdly, you were interviewed by someone famous. Dad reckons Ryver even works for a muggle journal, but anything muggle related is an immediate sin. Anyway, Ryver says that you are 'blinded by grief and anger', I am almost certain it's not true; I hope it isn't. I could not believe I saw you though, I would have never expected you to do something like this.P.S: I hope you got your permission slip signed to go to Hogsmeade! I got mine.Reply soon,Sirius BlackRemus slammed down Sirius's letter, grabbed his quill, ink bottle, and some spare parchment that was lying around. He wrote so furiously, he punctured the parchment when dotting his 'i'.Sirius,Are you really taking that interview seriously? That blighter, Ryver twisted everything I said and edited it to sound more interesting. Do I look like that person who will go after Greyback? I am not the one who goes and makes rash decisions because I am 'blinded by my anger'.Remus LupinA loud screech interrupted Remus's angry thoughts. Oliver started barking loudly, trying to get closer at the owl and would have tried to sniff it if it was not for Remus's leg that was holding back the curious dog. There, perched on his kitchen table was another owl; this one was a lighter tawny with curious orange eyes. But Remus recognized it at once; Lily Evans's owl. Remus found two letters attached to each leg of the owl and found it curious that there were two letters.He took the envelope from the left and recognized the handwriting immediately. His heart skipped a beat, but not because of nerves. Remus took the second letter and again, recognized the familiar neat handwriting of Lily Evans. And the other was from Alice Prewett.Remus, it's Lily. I read about you and your interview with Kilo Ryver. I had no idea he was Tony Ryver's father; he's really famous, even in the muggle world. I reckon you're going to hear this often but I hope you are not going after whatever attacked you, Remus. It's far too dangerous and if something were to injure or kill you, it'll only be a point for You-Know-Who and we certainly do not want to encourage him and think he's gaining control or something.Act wisely,Lily EvansDespite who the writer was, Remus could not help but feel even more agitated at his friends; do they mistake him for some rash person out to get himself killed. Remus opened Alice's letter and read it over.Hello Remus,I know I have not written to you, but I said that I would the day we were comparing notes. Anyway, I also read about you and could not believe it! I think you were really brave to go through with that interview with Ryver. That will always be something I will admire about you. Reading over what he said in his column kind of rang some alarm bells. I am almost positive you would never go after what killed your father but I am just making sure that you aren't. I know this must get repetitive and agitating but you must understand that we are worried about you.From,Alice PrewettRemus decided that he'd write a reply so he dipped his quill in his ink bottle and started writing down his response.Alice and Lily,I am sending my reply in one letter. I am thankful for your concern but there really is no need. I am not going to go after whatever attacked me; I'm not that rash. I have to admit, it is getting repetitive and I daresay agitating but I know everyone is just worried.Thanks again,Remus LupinHe opened the next letter, addressed from Peter to him; he opened it and read the brief letter.Remus,Clearly whatever this Ryver bloke had to say about you, I know it's not true. I know you're not going to go after Greyback. I know you are not that stupid to go tromping around looking for a needle in the haystack. I dunno how seriously the others will take it though but I know you well enough to confirm to myself that you aren't going to be that foolish.From,Peter PettigrewRemus drew another parchment over and wrote his reply.Thanks,Thank you Peter! You seem to be the only one who knows I won't go after Greyback! Honestly, if I hear one more question related to this article, I will hex them into oblivion. I understand that everyone is just worried but there really is no need. It's ridiculous. Ryver twisted everything I said because I was being to vague with my answers.From,Remus LupinAnother owl flapped into his kitchen, landed on the chair, ruffled its feathers importantly and dropped the letter on the table. Remus was tempted to rip the rest of the letters, he assumed they were all going to say the same thing, but being courteous; he took the letter, offered Ohanzee's food, and opened the letter. And to his surprise, it was from Frank Longbottom.Nice interview Remus! I had no idea you'd be in the Daily Prophet. I can't believe that you actually met Kilo Ryver! He's extremely famous, such a popular writer. Anyway, I read what he had to say and I can't help but ask if you really remember what attacked you that night and was just lying to Ryver about it. I dunno how much of this was true; and I'm skeptical because it is not something you'd normally say. I could be mistaken though.Hope to hear from you soon,Frank Longbottom.Remus chose to answer this one as well for he was going to end up responding to every letter as long as it was something worth replying to. After all, he was getting tired from reading and hearing the same thing on repeat.Thanks for the concern Frank,I'm not going after whatever attacked my family, I really don't remember what did and Ryver twisted everything I said because I was too vague on my answers to his questions. That really annoyed him and I could tell he was writing more than I was saying because he'd lapse into silence for at least three minutes before asking me another question. It's ridiculous.Thanks again,Remus LupinAnd finally Remus opened the last letter, it was brief but it was all too similar to Sirius's.Remus,I read about you in the Daily Prophet. Don't leave the house and do anything stupid.James PotterRemus was beginning to get annoyed; viciously dipping his quill in his ink bottle, Remus started scribbling down his reply on another parchment.James,I've said this to Sirius, I've said this to Peter, I've said this to Caden, I've said this to Alice, I've said this to Frank. And I've said this to Lily. I'm not going to do anything. That stupid blighter twisted everything I said because I was being too vague on my answers to his stupid questions. I really think this is getting past the point of repetitive and agitating. I'm not taking it out on you or blaming you, but I feel like I've explained this to everyone.Thanks,Remus LupinHe sent back all his replies with the owls that belonged to each owner and watched as each owl disappeared. Ohanzee was biting and batting his wings against the bars of his cage in anger that he was being left out. Remus unhinged the cage door and let Ohanzee flutter onto his knee."Hello Ohanzee, I reckon you want a job too?" Remus muttered and the owl hooted. "I dunno what to give you, I have no one else to write to."Ohanzee ruffled his feathers angrily and turned his tail to Remus. Ohanzee did not hop closer to Remus when he was petting his back (like he always does) or hoot for more attention. Instead the bird swiveled his head and stared at Remus with amber eyes."Don't look at me like that Ohanzee," Remus said pleadingly, "can you bring me back a few mice?"Ohanzee hooted and hopped closer to Remus immediately, looking less coldly at him, and nibbling his finger affectionately then launching into the air. Remus sighed and shut the window. He was almost certain Lily nor Alice did not mention how Ryver got their names and that they were also mentioned in the article because they were too uncomfortable with the subject.Collapsing on his bed, Remus closed his eyes and fell into a shaky slumber.Please Review?
