Ahahahahahahahahahahah first story don't be too mean but I'm open to criticism and yeah. Blah disclaimer blah.And I hope this story isn't as bad as its summary - come on, just read this one chapter. Please.Chapter OneI wish I was a wizard. First candle blown out.I wish I could meet Harry Potter. Second candle blown out  oh, I can hear my brother asking what I wished for. They're starting to sing the birthday song now.I wish that everything could have a happy ending. Last candle flickering out of sight. Three more sparkstwo more sparksone more sparkgone."Brooks, Nicole," Mr Reed says in his normal monotonous voice."Here," I answer, accidentally pushing my glasses off with the hand I'm raising.After putting my glasses back on, I stare hard at the people who had stifled their laughs, and they bolt upright. I always seem to have that sort of effect on people."Caldwell, Jane," Mr Reed calls out again, waiting for the 'Here' that would come from Jane. Nothing interesting happens. I sigh quietly to myself. Boring. Boring. Boring. All of the names after the next one he calls out (Chan, Wen Xian) go in one ear and out the other. I decide not to pay much attention to him.After registration, English and Science rush past me. Today, for some reason, everything seems blurry and unclear. Recess arrives, and I hear my name being spoken by my only actual friend."Nicole!" Ellie calls cheerfully. "Go grab a wand-like stick and let's have a fake duel!"I smile. Ellie is so carefree. I walk into my school's garden and reach the farthest point from the entrance, where Ellie and I hang out. As I dump my bag down on a bench, I spot a cool-looking stick. It's twisted slightly at the top in an intricate design and pointy at the end. It isn't too long nor too short.I pick it up. It fits in my hand perfectly."What's that, Nicole? Find a stick?" Ellie asks, holding a skinny-looking branch of a nearby oak tree.Ellie and I have been Harry Potter geeks ever since both of us finished the books. It had been about four years since The Deathly Hallows was published and Ellie and I had gone crazy over it.We know all of the spells  everything from the commonly known ones, like Expelliarmus, to the way less commonly known ones, like Anapneo."Yup, and it looks really awesome," I reply happily as she marvels over my find. "Probably some kid who'd gone over to by one of those fake Harry Potter wands lost it and it ended up over here. Poor kid.""Yeah, poor kid. It looks so real  hey, can I have it?" Ellie says.I whack her playfully on the head with the toy wand."Nope. Finders-keepers."Ellie gives me big puppy-dog eyes, which are very hard to resist. Ellie's actually quite pretty, with her typical American blonde-hair-blue-eyes complexion, in contrast to my carrot-red messy hair, dark green eyes and short stature."Fine. But if you ever find something else like that, give it to me," she said irritably.I put the toy wand in my bag, not daring to use it in the garden in case I forget it here. I find a small twig and use that to pretend-duel Ellie."Mobiliarbus!""Expelliarmus!""Accio!""Hey, you can't do that without a wand!""I can do magic without a wand!""What? Impossible! You said you were a first year!""Well I'm just really talented!""Yeah right!"We spend a long time yelling at each other. It's very enjoyable. Soon, the bell rings, and I realize it's time to go."What do you have?" I ask Ellie."French. You?""Ugh  Geography. See you in Music, then," I say, annoyed with our schedule. I hate most of the other people in the year. Or rather, they hate me.I'm a very easy-to-hate person. It's just my personality. I tend to act a bit shy, quiet and sophisticated. It annoys everybody, and I know it does, but it's not like I can change that.I walk into my classroom, dreading the hour-long torture. Ms Rowlands is a horribly evil teacher, and she hates me even more than the rest."Nicole, darling, please sit down. You're late. Lunch-time detention for ten minutes," she declares. I notice that there are only actually five other people currently in class and that according to her clock, I am eight minutes early."UmMs Rowlands, I'm not actually -""What a horrible girl! Resorting to using excuses, now, are we! Extra ten minutes detention now, darling," Ms Rowlands says, clicking her tongue at me.Despite not really being liked in my year, the five people currently in the class give me very sympathetic looks. They've have also faced the wrath of Ms Rowlands. There are only six people in the entire school that haven't, as they are her favourite students.All six are female (one of the reasons Ms Rowlands like them  she's very sexist), all six are bullies (the main reason Ms Rowlands like them), and all six are in my class. Their leader's name is Madison.Twenty minutes into the class, Madison and the five other girls, Lucia, Annette, Charlotte, Olivia and Gracie, stalk haughtily into the classroom and sit down. Ms Rowlands doesn't even bat an eye at them."Could I go to the toilet quickly, Ms Rowlands?" I ask as politely as I can. I know Ms Rowlands will say yes."Thank you for asking, darling. I think the class is better off without your presence."That's why she lets us go to the toilet.As I close the door behind me, I hear Madison begin speaking. I pause outside the door, so that I can hear her."Can me and the girls go to the toilet too, Ms Rowlands?" she asks snobbishly, and I realize she's in the mood to annoy me. Unfortunately, Ms Rowlands probably realizes that too, and she approves."We'll miss you, girls," came the honey-coated reply.I run to the girl's toilets, not wanting to be caught eavesdropping. As usual, they're walking very slowly, so I have a lot of time before they come.You came to the toilet to wash that toy wand, so just do it, my brain tells me. I take out the wand.Soon enough, I can hear Madison and her friends walking towards the toilets. The door is pushed open."Hey, Nicole  oh, is that a little toy you've got?" Lucia sneers from Madison's side."Yeah, it is, although I don't see why you care," I say, feeling bold today."Why do we care?" Olivia says in fake shock."Why, Nicole, dearie, me and the girls just adore little baby toys, don't we?" Madison continues.I roll my eyes and continue washing it."Oh dear, Nicole, don't be a bully," Gracie says, pretending to be offended. I feel myself getting annoyed. "Let us have fun with the little toy too!"Charlotte and Annette laugh sweetly and come closer. I know that they're going to pry the toy wand from my fingers and break it, being who they are.I sigh deeply, which I've been doing a lot lately, and imagine that I am a wizard."Avada Kedavra,"I mutter, and repeat it six times.Flash. "Ah-aaaaah!"Flash. Flash."Wait -"Flash. Flash. Flash.Suddenly, the room is silent. I gulp. Whatwhat happened? In front of me are six bodies. They are all blonde and blue-eyed. One face is merely a sneer, as if it had been interrupted mid-sentence and was suddenly frozen. The rest are scared. Frightened.Why aren't they moving? I wonder. Why are they all lying down, frozen?Then it hits me. These six bodies are Madison and her friends. I just saw a flash of green light and I said the Killing Curse six times. That meansthese areWait. I think. Wait, no. I'm not a wizard. I'm thinking too Harry Potter-ish thoughts. This was allallI can't explain it. Every explanation I have is unrealistic. Time stopping, random gas reactions, orme being a wizard. None of them are realistic.An idea has come into my head. Test the wand out. You know every Harry Potter spell there is. Choose an easy one. Try it  - No, no, Nicole. You're crazy. That'sthat's just impossible. Do you have any idea how stupid you are? said a small voice in my brain.It doesn't matter, it's worth a try! I retort, and think of an easy spell.After thinking of one, I lock the door of one of the toilet cells and hold the likely-to-be-a-toy wand. My hand is sweating, and I almost drop it a few times."A-alohomora," I stutter.Click. The door opens.I gulp, my head going in circles. I can only register a few facts:A) I just killed six people.B) The spell I used to kill them is illegal, and therefore I am on the Ministry's hit list.C) Wish #1 came truebut in the wrong way.Review, favorite, and follow. Actually you know what I'm happy if you just review. Yeah...review. Hope you didn't hate it, and I hope you didn't stop reading half way through. Or like, not even half way through. Or yeah. Yeah...yeah.
