Here it is my darlings the first chapter of the sequel to Let it Go! I am so excited to be working on this and I really hope you enjoy!(August 2nd 10:00 pm) Lucy settled into her worn couch with her new novel which Anton had sent her from Bulgaria. Rocky, her one year old English bulldog leaned his slobbery face on the cushion and looked up at her with bloodshot eyes. "No." she said firmly, he nuzzled her hand with his large wet nose, "No, you know you're not allowed on the couch." Lucy scolded. She had gotten Rocky from a shelter outside Chelsea after become a legal magical citizen.The mass of wrinkles moaned and grunted, "Oh" she closed the book. "Come on." She covered the seat with a stained blanket and patted the couch, which he quickly accommodated after struggling to lift himself onto the seat. "There you go." She scratched behind his ears as he leaned against her and panted happily. "I go for a guard dog and I get a big softy." She muttered.A loud knocking shook her door, "Well now who could that be?" she thought out loud as stood, Rocky waddled behind her as she opened the door a crack, "Hello?" she eyed the man in front of her, he was tall with browning blonder hair and ragged robes, "Are you Lucy Dursley?" he asked, she opened the door a bit wider, "Yes." She replied."There has been a situation at your parent's house and your presence has been requested by Harry." The man explained, "And you are?" she asked skeptically, "ah yes how rude of me, Remus Lupin." He outstretched his hand. "Oh, you're the one Harry was telling me about." She nodded, "Is Harry okay?""Harry is fine, but you must come quickly." He ushered her out, "Oh wait" she said suddenly and reenter the house and returned with Rocky on a thick Black Leash, "I don't quite trust him in the house alone yet." She explained, "Okay, but you'll have to hold him on the way." He shrugged.Lucy struggled to lift the forty something pound Bulldog as they apperated with a crack in front on the Dursley house. Lucy set Rocky down and the canine instantly lay on the ground and whimpered. "I know big guy I don't like it much either." Lucy sympathized and nudged the dog onto his feet. They walked up to the front door and Lucy rang the door bell.opened the door and smiled, "Lucy, what a nice surprise." She opened the door, "I suppose you're here because of the incident." Petunia sighed, eyeing Remus with barely hidden contempt, "I knew that boy would be trouble" she muttered out of ear shot."Where is Harry? And what happened?" Lucy asked, Petunia was eyeing Rocky who licked his lips and panted heavily, "Your cousin is in his room and Dudley is at the Hospital." Petunia explained. "Oh my god, Is he okay?" Lucy asked in shock, "yes he's just stunned it think, anyway it doesn't matter now Harry has been expelled from that school and that's the end of the matter." Petunia said firmly."You brother and cousin was attacked by a Dementor, I'll explain what that is later, and Harry will go to trial." Lupin explained."Trail?! That's mad." Lucy protested, "He was the one attacked why is he being punished?!""He performed Magic in the presence of a Muggle." Lupin said"But he was protecting Dudley, doesn't that count for anything?" Rocky growled sensing his mistress's distress."Harry will be able to present his defense at the trial, but for now we must take him to his Godfather" Lupin soothed, "go ahead, take him." Petunia waved her hand, "Mum please." Lucy sighed, she had resigned to the fact that her aunt and her cousin would never get along but she could still hope."I'll go get him. Just up the stairs am right?" Lupin pointed up the stairs, "Yes."As he went to collect Harry, Lucy reached down to scratch behind Rocky's ears "good dog.""So this is your form of protection?" Petunia asked skeptically, "To be fair you never said what type of protection." Lucy pointed out."You know" her mother begain, "He kind of looks like your father." Lucy tilted her head to the side, "Oh didn't listen to her Rocky, you're much more attractive then daddy." She said as some would talk to a child."Alright ready." Lupin rattled down the stairs tailed by Harry and his trunk. "Hello Harry." Lucy hugged her cousin, "I thought I told you to behave while you're here." She playfully scolded."So where are we going exactly?" Lucy asked Remus, "You Sirius's house, Harry's Godfather."They exited the house in a line, "Tell Dad I say hi." Lucy kissed her mother on both cheeks, "will do."They walked a couple of blocks down the side walk with Harry's truck rolling loudly behind them, "Nice dog." Harry motioned to Rocky, "Carful, if I give the right command in German he'll cuddle you to death.""Alright, link arms, Lucy grabb your dog." Lupin link his arms with harry and Lucy lifted a swirming pot-bellied dog in her arms.The apperated with a crack and landed outside a series of flats, "We're have to walk a few blocks, " Lucy set down Rocky who shook like he was wet and grunted unhappily, "Oh hush." She scolded and pulled on his leash.They walked a few blocks when Remus stopped them and looked around the street before knocking on the door of a building. "Remus." Some one whispered and ushered them in. they were led into a large dinning room and met them in the door way, "Harry my boy!" she hugged him tightly."and you must be Lucy." She cooed, "Lovely to meet you.""Pleasure to meet to to ma'am." Lucy outstretched her hand, "Now now love there is not of that with me." Mrs. Weasely hugged Lucy as well."Oh, okay." Lucy awkwardly patted Mrs. Weasley's back."My, my you're both skinny as rails, dinner is almost done and AH." She was cut off by two ginger twins popping on either side of her. "Just because you're allowed to use magic now doesn't mean you need to whip your wands out for everything!""Harry." He yturned and Harry smiled as he faced a man with a neatly trimmed beard and black velvet coat. "Sirius." He hugged his Godfather, "Sirius, this is Lucy, my cousin, the one I told you about.""Nice to meet you Lucy, I can see a bit of Lily in you." Lucy shook his hand, "It's an honor sir, and an honor to be compared to my aunt.""Now, What exactly is this place?"
