A/N- This is part two of Sent to the Past. Hope you like it. I still don't anything if I did I would be rich but I am not.Harry was sitting in the Great Hall with Neville. He knew that someone would have to get Neville up to date on everything but it would take some time. Harry had to find someone that would be able to help tell Neville without giving away that Neville didn't know his own past. He saw Luna and thought that she would work. She wouldn't read too much into it. "Hey Luna can you come here?" asked Harry. Luna walked over from the Ravenclaw table. She was a good friend that they had met in their Second year. Luna was a year younger than them.She was different but that's what they liked about her. Ginny had enterduced them to her. It's true. Harry had met Ron on the train ride to Hogwarts. They had become fast friends. Ginny had not yet opened up to Harry by then but she knew him. "Yes Harry. What do you need?" asked Luna. "I was wondering if you could tell Neville about his past he knows a lot of it. But there are somethings that he doesn't know. Like how famous his mother is or what happened after the attack on his parents. You know Mrs. Longbottom doesn't like to talk about it" said Harry.Once Luna had become friends with them. They would spend time at each other's houses. So she knew Neville's mother well. "Sure Harry. Neville let's go somewhere else. It will be better or everyone will be able to hear and we don't want that" said Luna. Neville wondered what that was all about. Why did they have to go somewhere else? But he followed them anyways. The Common Room was out because Luna was in Ravenclaw and they were in Gryffindor. So they went out to the courtyard. Not many people were out there. They had all sat down. Luna started to talk."Neville when you parents were attacked the order thought that Voldemort wanted to make sure to get rid of you because you were one of the ones that may been able to defeat him. It turns out that they had a feeling your mother was pregnant so they wanted to get rid of the child before it was born. After your parents attack. Your father was sent to St. Mango's. That's where he is now. Your mother was out of there after a few days" said Luna. Neville just sat there and looked Luna. Harry was even shocked."Yea the press wouldn't leave your mother alone. They wanted to know what happen but the thing is your mother doesn't remember what happened. Nothing from that night. She remembers things from before and after but not that night" said Luna. Neville now understood while his mother was the way that she was. He needed to spend more time with her to get to know her better. "So what up's with Rosa?" asked Neville. Luna frowned at that. How to tell him that his sister would die if word got out that she was alive.She didn't know how to go about but to tell him straight up. "Neville no one really knows that you have a sister. That's why she's in a different house. The sorting hat placed her in Hufflepuff. The story goes like this. Your mother was pregnant but she lost the baby. If it would get back to Death Eaters they will come after your sister and kill her. Sorry I have to get to class now" said Luna. She just got up and walked away.It pained her to be the one to tell Neville all of this but it had to be said. To say the least Neville was shocked. His sister could die because Death Eaters found out that she was alive. Neville would do something about that. "Harry we need to find out what else we messed up" said Neville. Harry agreed but the problem was that they didn't have Hermione here with them. Who would they turn to for help?It was plain to see that Dumbledore wouldn't help them. They still didn't know that Sirius was out of prison. Harry didn't know that his God-father wasn't that far away and that Dumbledore was using him to make sure Voldemort couldn't come back strong. "I agree with you. We need to figure out what we missed up but we need to find someone that would help us. Hermione isn't with us here at Hogwarts and I doubt that her older self would be willing to help us" said Harry.They got up and left the courtyard. Harry and Neville were thinking hard when they ran into Draco Malfoy. They really didn't know if he was a friend or foe. So much had changed. Lucius was still a Death Eater but Narcissa didn't want to deal with being married to one. So she got out and took Draco with her. For a while she stayed with her sister but then she got her own place. "Hey Harry and Neville it is good to see you" said Draco.They weren't sure what to do. So they went along with it. "It's good to see you too Draco" said Harry with a question mark on his face. He wasn't sure that he could trust Draco. Draco was known for things like this at times but Harry didn't feel like it was one of those times. "I thought I would just say hi. I have to run now" said Draco. They were left standing there. Harry was shocked but it was Neville that looked the worse off.He was just staring into space. It was hard to believe. Draco Malfoy talking to him. All the stories he heard of his father and Lucius not getting along. He now knew that they had to find out what they had changed. It was hard for Neville to see Draco as a friend. Harry on the other hand felt that it wouldn't be so bad. Maybe they could use this to work out for them. True that would be going down to Draco's level but hey maybe it would just work.
