A/N: Hey guys! Starting a multi-chap Jily AU. Basically, they're spies (and they're hot) and they hate each others guts. Or do they? Now they're forced to be the loved up young couple and things are gonna be interesting!(hopefully). I'm not too happy with this chapter, it was a bit of a bore to write. But it had to be done. If you guys have any questions, just pm me or leave a review or ask me on tumblr. I'm cinnamoncoffeecharms.. I hope you guys like it. Lemme know what you think.Disclaimer: Unfortunately, not mine, all Jo's. Except the plot. Thats mine.Lily Evans bit her bottom lip as she sat in the Three Broomsticks waiting for Marlene to join her. She gazed into her drink and sloshed it around a little. Her mind was wandering through all possible topics. From her family back home in Surrey to Marlene's lateness to meet her to the unexpected Order meeting to the other members of the Order to a young man with a shock of messy black hairNO. Lily stopped her thoughts from drifting to that prat of a man. Just the mere thought of him made her blood boil and she slammed her glass down on the table top."What's got you all riled up?" Marlene enquired sliding onto the stool opposite Lily.Unfazed by Marlene's sudden appearance, it was her job after all, Lily waved her hand dismissively at her blonde friend. "Nothing important."Marlene grabbed Lily's drink and sipped it. "Weren't surprised by my sneak attack?"Lily smirked and snatched her drink back, downing it."Of course not. 'Constant Vigilance' remember? Ready to go?" she asked, standing up."Always"James strode across the street, pulling his coat tighter around him, trying to fight off the chilly bite of the night. He jogged up the steps and rapped sharply on the wooden door in front of him. Within seconds, the door swung open, revealing an elderly lady with sharp features."Ahh. Mr. Potter. Go straight down the corridor and enter the room on your left. Most of us are already here. We're just waiting for the stragglers." she said, aiming a pointed look his way, stepping aside to reveal a long corridor behind her."Thanks Minerva." He said, brushing past her as he walked down the corridor."It's McGonagall to you, Potter."Pausing at the doorway, he ran a hand through his hair and sent a roguish grin her way. "Whatever you say, Minerva."He laughed at her indignant expression and stepped into the meeting room. James pushed his way through the small crowd, scanning the room for his mates when his eyes fell upon the red haired girl and their eyes met across the room. He held her gaze for a moment, before looking away sharply. He has no desire to dwell on her right now. Upon locating Remus, Sirius and Peter at the edge of the room, he leaned against the wall next to them, shoving his hands in his pockets. They barely had time to greet each other when Albus Dumbledore, the head of the agency, cleared his throat and asked for everyone's attention."Welcome, all of you, thank you for coming on such short notice. As I am sure all of you are wondering why this impromptu meeting was called, I shall indulge you. Each and every one of you, I believe, is aware that we have been keeping an eye on entrepreneur, Tom Riddle, founder of insurance company, Voldemort Inc." he paused for a while, to gauge the reaction of the room."We have received many reports about insurance fraud and scams of his company over the past few months. We have reason to believe that he attacks his customers, so that in activating the insurance they have signed up for, he, and his company, receives a large share of the insurance money being dealt out. We have many agents working under aliases in close proximity to him, to discover and hopefully put a stop to his fraud.""However, that is not the reason you were called here today. An old friend of mine, an alchemist, Nicolas Flamel, the creator of the "Philosopher's Stone", a priceless gem, has unfortunately signed up with Tom Riddle's company, to insure the gem. However, a previously unstated clause in the contract has placed the stone in Mr. Riddle's possession. Nicolas has enlisted my help to recover and return the stone to him." Dumbledore shuffled through some papers in front of him."We are sending in a team to the residential area of Islington, where Tom Riddle's headquarters are. We know as well, that many of his right hand men also reside there. The team will compromise of six junior agents: two agents, pretending to be a young couple living together, another two agents to occupy jobs within Voldemort Inc Headquarters, an agent that will operate the technology aspect of the mission and another, final agent to help with the planning and relaying of information to me. The team has been handpicked by the Order committee, and while they are young, they have been deemed as highly capable." Dumbledore adjusted the half moon spectacles resting on his nose and proceeded to list the chosen agents."Peter Pettigrew, you will be the one who is to organize, plan and relay information to me, Remus Lupin, you, will be our tech support agent. Sirius Black. Marlene McKinnon. The two of you will seek jobs at Voldemort Inc. The final two agents, the undercover couple, shall we say, are Agent Potter and Agent Evans."In a second, James found Lily's gaze, his hazel eyes and her green ones boring through each other. And in that instant, James knew they were thinking the same thing."Well, fuck."A/N: So? Whats the verdict? Also, forgot to mention earlier: This was originally supposed to be an M rated fic, but I've decided to make it a T rated fic, and i'll post the M outtakes if you are interested. Aaaaand... i promise, that if you didn't like this chapter, things will pick up pace in the next few. And pleeeeease i beg, let me know if you didn't understand anything, i'll explain it to you the best i can.*hugs*-Anj
