Hello! This is a new story I recently started! I was going to wait to post it after I finished my other two stories, but I was itching to get it up. So here it is!These chapters will all be short! I will also not update regularly but I will try and get chapters up as often as possible.Please enjoy and let me know if it's worthy of being continued!I have no beta~Disclaimer; I Don't own Harry Potter, nor the song used in this chapterThis story will not be a songfic! There will not be a song in every chapter, just here and there, and usually not the entire song.Harry POVI woke up, breathing heavily and face stained with tears. Another nightmare- this time Sirius falling through the veil, blaming me for his death. Then, me killing those I love with Avada Kedavra as they scream for mercy. My face pulled into an evil grim, blood covering me from head to toe. I won't be going back to sleep, and it's just four a.m., another three hours till everyone wakes. Getting up, I placed a silencing charm on my feet and wrapped my invisibility cloak around myself.I walked down the halls, not bothering with Lumos. I knew I knew where I was going, from taking this route so often. I also wasn't worried about running into someone; I didn't really care. I suppose that's kind of a lie. I can see perfectly fine in the dark, as if it were day time. Just a few months ago, on my 17th birthday, I had a creature inheritance; two, actually. I am one creature created from the combination of two others. Nobody knows, and I don't care to tell them. I have the eyes, teeth, and scales of a snake, but wings, talons, and rough skin of a dragon. I can chose to have certain things show; of course I keep it all hidden. Also, I can be either my snake half, dragon half, or a mix of the two; though I don't do it often. Unless I lose control of my emotions, I can avoid detection. With the inheritance I gained a huge power boost, enabling me to use wand less and wordless magic, which no one knows about that either. Little did I know that while in my own thoughts, I brushed right past someone.I paused as I reached the quittage pitch, feeling around to see if anyone else was near, as far as I could tell, there was no one significant. I sat down on the grass by the entrance. It was relatively warm out, and dry, for fall. Leaning back on my hands, I sighed. I'm grateful Draco seems to have grown up and ignores me. A fight with him could be dangerous. I looked at the sky, smiling at the stars still visible. I then opened my mouth, and began to sing.**Lithium, don't want to lock me up inside.Lithium, don't want to forget how it feels without...Lithium, I want to stay in love with my sorrow.Oh, but God, I want to let it go.Come to bed, don't make me sleep alone.Couldn't hide the emptiness, you let it show.Never wanted it to be so cold.Just didn't drink enough to say you love me.I can't hold on to me,Wonder what's wrong with me.Lithium, don't want-"Who's there?"I quickly broke from my small trance at the voice seemingly right next to me. When I was completely alert, I realized they are right next to me. Damn, I get so vulnerable when I sing. I looked down, realizing my appearance went back to how I truly look. Sighing, I spent a second going back to the way people believe me to look."I know someone's here, so don't pretend your not."I looked up, seeing Draco Malfoy standing there.**Evanescence song Lithium
