"Emily Weasley!" Professor Mcgonagall called. I tried to make my way through the crowd. But it was hard, since I was in the back, and she was in the front. 'Emily Weasley!" She called again."Right here Miss!" I wasn't nervous. I'm a Weasley. We are always in Gryffindor. Many people looked at me in shock. And whispers erupted through the crowd,"She can't be a Weasley.""Where's her red hair?""Where's her freckles?"'Why is she so short?"'She's too pretty to be a Weasley!" That one was my personal favorite. I smiled as she placed the sorting hat on my head. Expecting to be sorted right away. So when he didn't call Gryffindor right away, I got worried. Doesn't help that the sorting hat thinks aloud."Please not Ravenclaw." I whispered to the hat."Not Ravenclaw!" He boomed out. "Why not Ravenclaw?" I could feel there glares on me."Well, not to be rude. But I'm not that book smart. I wouldn't fit in." I said meekly. Pinkdusting my my cheeks.'Well! Better put you in" Here we go! this is the moment I was waiting for! Gryffin- "Slytherin!" What! The sorting hat was taken off my head and Professor Mcgonagall called the next name. I went over to the Slytherin table and watched as the next person got sorted into Gryffindor. I didn't know anybody at the table. So I sat alone. Luckily I had brought a book with me. It wasn't a magical book. My mum is a muggle Librarian, and my dad wors for gringotts. But i'm adopted. So my parents are muggles. Which is why it's so weird that I'm in Slytherin. The house for purebloods. if they found out I was muggle born...I'd rather not find out what they would do.Dumbledore said his speech and the feast began. It was so much food I didn't know where to start. So I took some of everything. It was amazing! Plus, my book was getting to an amazing part. I was reading One for the Money: A Stephanie Plum novel. She was just visited by Some big bad killer dude who wants to date her."Take a picture it'll last longer." I said to the people staring at me without looking up. I turned the page and continued to eat and read. Then I felt someone through something in my hair. I looked behind me and there were the twins, chips in hand, bewitching them to fly at me. I stuck my tongue out at them, to find a chip on it. They sure were helpful when I needed them. I turned back to my table, and noticed someone still staring. I don't know his name. But he had bleached hair, and grey eyes. His skin looked so pale, for a second I thought he was dead. he noticed me staring back and quickly looked away blushing. The girl next to him started to glare at me, her reason:unknown.This was the most memorable night of my life. I did make a friend. A girl in hufflepuff. Her name was Jordan. She seems very popular at her table. But she is very nice. We were in the middle of a conversation about the ceiling when we were interrupted by the Bloody Baron. Jordan returned to her table in fear. And he just looked at me. Probably expecting me to cower in fear. But I couldn't help but giggle a little bit. He seemed slightly caught off guard."What's it like?""What is what like child!" he scolded "Be specific!""Dying. Was it scary? I mean,waking up, covered in blood, seeing your body laying on the ground. it must have been terrifying." The cold gaze he was giving me softened."Dear child! You are strange one." But it didn't sound derogatory. It sounded like a compliment." Sadly, he never got the chance to tell me his answer. Because we were told to go to our dormitories .The slytherins were lead to the dungeons by Professor Snape, the potions teacher. He told us the password (Mandrake foot) and watched us all enter the dorm. With much disdain I might add."Goodnight -Er, Professor." I walked into the dorm to see a sea of green. It really was beautiful. I followed all the girls to their beds. I picked the poster bed closest to the door. There were no windows. But that was okay. This was going to be my home for 7 years, minus summers and vacations, so I was going to have to get used to it.I was unpacking my clothes and books when a snide voice interrupted me."Goodnight Mr. Snape!" A high pitched voice mimicked. Followed by a round of laughter. "Not Ravenclaw!" It came again. The source? The girl who glared at me at the table. She had wispy brown hair and dark blue eyes."Did I do something to you?" I asked her. But was only answered with more mocking. Tear sprung in my eyes. Not that they could see."Oh look at me! I have freakish eyes! I'm a weasley! A disgrace to the wizarding world!" I wasn't going to sit here and take it! So I grabbed a book and went into the common room. I sat myself on the couch. The tears that were held back started to flow freely."I'm not even suppose to be in Slytherin!" I whisper yelled. "I'm a weasley! I'm supposed to have red hair and brown eyes! Not brown and freak eyes! And I'm supposed to be in Gryffindor! I'm not evil! I don't think anyway! I'm not even-"'Even what?" A voice came from the shadows."Slytherin material." I said quickly. Without hesitation. I had practice this. A lot."What's wrong?" The boy stepped out from the shadows. Concern written all over his face. He was the boy staring at me! Oh god! He's cute, and watching me cry! How pathetic."Um.. Just some mean girls.""Let me guess, Pansy Parkinson?""I actually don't know. She had stringy brown hair.""Definitely Pansy. Don't worry about her.""No offense, but why do you care." His turn to be flustered."Um.. er.. reasons?" I wasn't convinced, but I let it slide."Are you gonna sleep down here?" He changed the subject."Yeah. Why are you still up?""Couldn't sleep.""What's your name?""Draco Malfoy.""How long were you standing there?""Dunno."'Well you're just full of excitement!"It's like 3 in the morning.""True, well night." He moved to the couch I was sitting on. "What are you doing?""I'm gonna sleep here." He said, matter of factly."Why?""Well, there are a lot of creepers around here.""And how do I know you aren't one of them?""Guess you're just gonna have to trust me." And with that he layed down and closed his eyes."Like you're really asleep." But I closed my eyes none the less. Strangely feeling a little safer.I woke up to someone's screaming."What! What happened?" I yelled. "Anyone hurt?""Draco!" Oh no. Not her!"Good morning Pansy." She looked at me full of anger. I couldn't understand why. Until I noticed where I was. In the common room. Sleeping on a couch. With Draco malfoy on the other end. I couldn't help but smile a little bit. Pansy must've seen because she let out a muffled scream and went back into the girls dorm. I looked over at Draco, who was still asleep. He looked kinda cute like that. What a patty flipping minute! I'm 11! I'm supposed to think boys have cooties. So to rid myself of that thought, I kicked him off the couch."Rise and shine sleeping beauty!" I yelled at him. His eyelids opened to reveal his beautiful grey-Stop that!"I never caught your name." He said after he woke up a little."Wouldn't you hear it from the sorting? Or last night when I was talking to myself?""I don't pay attention to the sortings and I came in when you said something about your eyes. So, gonna tell me your name?""Emily.""Got a last name?"I would prefer you found that out in class.""You are a strange one Emily don't know your last name.""I know." I started to head up into the girl dormitory to get ready."Oh by the way, I don't think your eyes are are actually quite beautiful. They show you belong in Slytherin." He said, before running up the dorm stairs. I blushed and did the same. I grabbed my clothes and went into the bathroom. I didn't want anybody seeing my scars. I lifted my shirt to reveal all the scars I had from multiple surgeries. I stopped staring at them and looked at my eyes. They were green with silver speckles in them. I always hated my eyes. But now, they looked really pretty.I went down to breakfast in the mess hall where everyone was getting there schedules. I was the first slytherin down there. So I got dibbs on everything first. As well a my schedule first. I have on Monday I have Potions, Defense against the Dark Arts, and Charms. Tuesday I have Potions, History of Magic, Herbology, and Transfiguration. Wednesday I have Double Potions, Charms, And Magical Theory. Thursday I have Defense against DA, Potions, Transfiguration, then Flying. Friday I have Herbology, History of Magic, Charms and Magical Theory again. And Saturday I have Potions twice in a row,and transfiguration twice in a row.Jeez! So many classes. I served myself porridge and got out One for the Money. I only have a few pages left so I figured finish it now. I have a lot of muggle books. It kinda helps that my parents are librarians."Watcha reading?" Draco came up behind me, followed by his little henchmen Crabbe and Goyle. Two pudgy kids with black hair and brown eyes. I'm pretty sure they are cousins, because stupid like that is only hereditary."Was reading One for the Money. But I finished it now." I put the book in my bag, taking out The Lord of the Rings:The Fellowship of the Ring."Dang! How many books you got in there?""Not that many. I have a few reading books""A few?""Ya.""I count like ten." He said with his nose in my bag. "Oh! candy!""Get your face out of my bag!""Get your bag out of my face!" He retorted. I rolled my eyes and grabbed my bag."I'm heading to potions. See ya later." I ran out of the mess hall. I wanted to get out out there as fast as I can. I don't want to face Pansy and have her humiliate me in front of everybody. Luckily I knew the way to Potions or I would have felt stupid. I went into the classroom to find it empty. I looked at all the bottles of potions and ingredients. I looked through the pages of old textbooks, reading through the recipes, feeling the old parchment on my fingers. I would like potions.I set up my cauldron, parchment, quill, ink and brought out my book again. I still had about an hour before class starts. So I would be able to catch up on some reading. Or I could practice some spells. I took out my wand, a 14 in. oak with a dragon heartstring. I read about a spell that could create light. The dungeon was fairly dark so I might as well try it."Lumos." A small ball of light formed at the tip of my wand. 'I wonder if I can make it change colors.'"Lumos red." I laughed at how silly it sounded. But my laughter ceased when the ball of light started to slowly change red."Lumos blue?" slowly the red ball of light turned blue. I had never read anything about it."Who are you!""I-I'm sorry sir. I just wanted to make sure I wasn't late." I said to Professor Snape. I looked up at his cold dark eyes. They softened a little bit. Much like the Barons eyes."What's your name?""Emily Weasley." I said meekly."Weasley? But you don't look like a Weasley.""I'm the eldest sons daughter.""But your eyes.."'What about my eyes sir?""Nothing. Class is about to start. You might wanna take your seat.""Yes sir." Soon enough, students were pouring into the classroom and taking their seats. Ron came and sat by me."Hey, How's my favorite niece doing?""I'm your only niece. How's my favorite uncle doing?""You never answered my question. Don't call me uncle, it makes me feel old." he said dramatically, with his hand on his forehead. "Wait! You can't have a favorite uncle! You have like 5!""I know. You will never know my favorite!""It's the twins, isn't it.""Ah Ah Ah! I said you'll never know.""You're a weird one. How's it like in Slytherin?""It's weird. But I'm sure I'll get used to it. it's just a hous. It doesn't classify who I am.""Actually- Nevermind. You're right.""Welcome to Potions! I will teach you how to cork illness, stir disease, bottle death." Came Snapes deep voice. He caught Harry Potter taking notes. But accused him off not paying attention. He was about to take 10 points from Gryffindor when I raised my hand."Excuse me sir? He was just taking notes. You should actually be proud. And the questions you are asking him, well he was raised in the muggle world, believing his parents were killed by a car crash, and told all his life magic isn't real. I should know. I wasn't raised by witches or wizards. And the only reason I know those answers is because I read the entire potions book." Everyone was staring at me. But I didn't know if it was because I read the entire potions book or because I spoke up to Snape."Very well Potter. You get a warning. You are lucky Miss. Weasley stood up for you." I looked around the class and saw Draco staring at me, a look of betrayal on his face. He found out. I'm a Weasley. I'm the one thing he hates most out of this world. Whatever friendship we had, or would have had is over before it even started. So I went back to my notes. The loss already weighing on me.A/N So this is my first fanfiction! Ahh! Exciting! So Disclaimer: I do not own on for the money, lord of the rings, or harry potter and all its characters. The only character I own is Emily Weasley. Please let me know if you like it. Criticism is welcome and please let me know if you have any ideas and I will try to incorporate them into the story. Personally I'm really excited for this story. I know draco seemed a little ooc. But he is young an hasn't had any hatred really breathed into him yet. So enjoy my story and I will update as soon as possible! So I have updated about 6 times now. And I want to explain to a guest who will not be reading past the first chapter. I assure you everything is explained. And yes, I know it is very far fetched, but that's because it is Harry Potter, and the thing itself is far fetched. Snape loves her because she reminds him so much of Lily. Malfoy likes her because she is different and spoilers! He doesn't want to like her. That's why he was looked so betrayed. Because when he found out who she was, he didn't want anything to do with her. But fate! I promise everything is explained in the later chapters. Oh, and it will be rewritten, because I am just starting out writing, everything I publish will most likely be rewritten. I have thought about this story since I was like 10. I just never put it out on paper, and there were many variations of it. So this is the final one. I am sorry Guest that this story doesn't go to your liking and I hope you see this. Thank you for telling me what you think. And I encourage you greatly to read more into it because I swear, The Mary Sueness doesn't extend to the the second chapter. Okay, maybe a little. Word count:2534! Whoo! Bye!-Whisper
