Severus was stressed and something told him that Pott-Harry's 6th year was bound to be a pain in the arse.After the absolute disaster of the Triwizard Tournament and now the Ministry Debacle Severus decided it would be best to take responsibility of Pot-Harry. He hated Potter but no matter what Harry was Lily's child and he refused to sit by as the boy was literally thrown into danger without so much as a warning. It was cruel to expect the boy to simply accept the death of others for him. Even Severus realized that being responsible for two deaths at one time was too much for young Harry. Thus Severus took Harry to the seclusive Snape Manor much to the displeasure of Dumbledore who had no clue where Harry was at the moment.Obviously, Severus also had to invite Lupin to his private home for the summer since both were deeply distraught over Black's death. Even Severus himself felt bad for the dog, he did not truly wish death on the mutt, simply a humiliation that would ease his own from many years ago. Lupin cried with Harry at the lost of his precious friend and Severus was pretty sure his life partner. Which was why he was brewing Dreamless sleep for the werewolf now. The man had not slept for a week straight and only kept his optimism when Harry was around-if mourning was optimism.Severus sighed as he bottled his potion in a vial. Lucius had been cut off from all communications and possible entry to Snape Manor and was no doubt furious from the sudden expulsion if the many falcons that he sent Severus -that were now warded out- was any indication. The man had little sympathy from him since he had not only fought a bunch of children, but also attempted to kill them. The man was not welcomed in his home and few outside of Potter and Lupin were welcomed in Snape Manor.Severus walked to the sitting room where he had last seen Lupin ready to administer his potion. He found the werewolf still in tears near the fireplace. Severus walked in.The first thing the dark haired man noticed was that it was unnaturally cold in the room when the fire was blazing. The second was that Lupin was mumbling to himself and the closer he got the more clearly he could hear him."...come..back...I need you Sirius I need you!"Lastly Severus felt like he intruding on an intimate moment."Why are you doing this to me? How am I going to take care of Harry" Their was a momentary pause before Lupin cried "I would never leave Harry! He's my little cub!"Well at least Severus was reassured that Lupin didn't blame Harry and nor would he leave the child. Sobbing broke the Potion Master out of his musing."Sirius! Sirius!" Severus felt it was time to feed him the potion. As soon as it hit the werewolf's lips, the man fell into a quiet whimper and hopefully restful sleep. The Potion Master also hoped his own headache would not keep him from a restful sleep.The dark haired male wandlessly levitated the werewolf down the hall next to Harry's room just as the man had requested at the beginning of summer. He laid the exhausted wolf on the large bed. Lupin's clothes instantly vanished. Severus extinguished the lights and closed the door.Next stop: PotterLupin's Dreams"Moony...my precious Moony." Remus moaned in ecstasy as Sirius stroked his insides with his tongue. "Sirius..please...I" Remus cried suddenly as his orgasm hit him spontaneously. Remus cried scared the man would fade away again as he had done many times before. "Shhh Remmy! No more tears. You know I hate to see you and Moony cry" cooed the handsome man while grinning."You're leaving" Remmy continued to cry. Sirius laughed."All night, Love. We have all night."  "Sirius!" Remus began to chant the animagus' name while said man pistoned his hips into his mates orifice.Lupin could only cling to the man's strong broad shoulders and slim hips. He was not ready face another day without Sirius and so hoped tomorrow never came.Severus walked the next door over noting the fact that the door was slightly ajar. Mentally, the double spy was was preparing himself for another embarrassing talk and lots of tears. Last time, in order to stem the boy's tears he told Po-Harry stories about his mother which lead to him revealing parts of his abusive past. Something he did not want to ever talk about. But it helped the boy open up and trust the dark haired man. And after talking about his mother Severus had started naming flowers and herbs with healing properties. The boy had fell into a quiet sleep.Severus peeked into the door. His eyes widen at the seen that greeted him.Malfoy. Draco Malfoy was holding the boy-who-lived in his arms in what seemed to be a calming manner. The shock wore off when he noticed a line coming from the room to another two doors down. Severus marched down the hall, into the room not in the least bit surprised to see the Weasley twins -who insisted on being here for their dear brother Harry- with a pair of extendable ears. Severus said nothing and just held out his hand. The pair grinned and handed their former Professor a pair of ears. Severus gave them a looked that said 'We'll talk about this later' and held the device to his ear."What if Sirius never comes back? That I killed my godfather? Remus would hate me, wouldn't he?"Draco made a noise that sounded like a sigh. "For the millionth time Harry, Black disappeared in the Department of Mystery. He is sure to be alive and return to you sometime. I've heard of people disappearing in there for months and then reappearing later. They won't even send search parties into that department because they go missing too." Severus had to admit that was true. Someone needed to remind Lupin of that."But the Mirror...""Does not guarantee he is dead" Draco finished "Now calm down""I can't! What about Remus?""What about him? According to you, he's been with you sobbing his heart out right next to you. Does that sound like someone that hates you?" Draco asked. Severus could practically see Harry shaking his head."My friends?" added Harry not ready to believe that his worries could be put to rest so easily."The Wesaley twins are right down the hall...probably listening to the conversation.""I mean Ron and Hermione""No you mean know-it-all bossy pants and the Weasel. And don't even breathe a word about Weaselette. I have more thing to worry about with my father than you about them" Harry sighed."Your dad?" Harry groaned."We'll cross that bridge when we get to it now can we go to bed.""I thought you came to talk to Professor Snape?" questioned Harry with a yawn."I can talk to him later. Right now I'm exhausted. Let's go to sleep.""Draco?""Yes?""What about Mrs Weasley""Shut up Harry"Severus heard rustling which he assumed meant the two were putting on their sleep clothes and going to bed. The professor remove the device from his ear and returned it to the twins."I suspect it would be best if you both went to bed as well and if I hear or see you doing something suspicious I will body bind you and leave you both attached to the ceiling upside down until your head bursts." Both boys grinned and watched the Professor leave while rubbing his temple."You think he's taken dear George""I would like to believe not darling Fred""Well I do believe some planning is called for""Of course" Both twins gave each other Cheshire grins.Severus was struggling to keep his eyes open and yet his mind was running a million miles per second.Mrs Weasley.That crazy old greedy baby popper had the audacity to send Harry a Howler about how horrible he was for forcing her little kiddies to go on a dangerous mission -even though they went willingly- and how he could have killed them and then called Harry an extension of a monster because of the visions he could not control. And then just to make sure Harry knew he was no longer welcome in Weasley family in her eyes she reported everything in the Daily Prophet.Dumbledore the fat old coot did absolutely nothing to stem or stop her. She should never have been in the Order and yet here she was revealing secrets and bad mouthing the person who was supposedly suppose to save them. Severus felt now more than ever that the bone crushing burden of being Savior should lifted off of Harry's thin shoulders. Speaking of which he would need to add a double dosage of nutrition potion in the boys food tomorrow seeing as the regular dosage is having little effect after three weeks. Severus sighed and waved his hands. The lights were extinguished and wards were up and un-breached. The Potions Master closed his aching eyes and fell into a restless sleep.I will be treating Remus' werewolf like Vald's demon in the lovely yaoi Crimson Spell. Sirius like Havi is aware of both sides and loves both very much. Also I think it would be a good idea to give Moony some spotlight so just like Vald's demon Moony can be released even in non stressing situations (usually sexual) and Moony loves Sirius just in case I didn't mention that earlier.Anyway Strange Magic will be updated soon. Blood adoption will take a minute to update since I have other stories to update.
