Hermione threw down her transfiguration thesis. The war was over, but she still felt restless. She couldn't help but feel as though something bad was going to happen. Came with seven years of fighting Voldemort when she should have been studying for her OWLs or NEWTs. She was just finishing her seventh year now. It took four years to rebuild Hogwarts. Everyone who either missed out on or had a horrible time during their seventh year were offered the chance to come back. She was the only one out of the Golden Trio who took the offer.Harry and Ginny were living their happily ever after traveling on their honeymoon. It took Harry what seemed like forever to gather the courage to ask Ginny to marry him. Everyone thought he'd chicken out, it took so long. Ron was playing Keeper for the Chudley Cannons, Minerva retired and was living peacefully in a cottage on her clan's ancestral lands. And with Remus, Sirius, and Tonks being killed in the final battle, Hermione didn't really have anyone to talk to.She was currently, trying to emulate her mentor, Minerva McGonagall. She wanted to become a Transfigurations Mistress. Now that she went back to take her final year at Hogwarts, she had made, what she thought, were the first steps into making that a reality. She had successfully taught herself how to become an Animgus. Just after the Christmas holidays, she had successfully transformed into a North American Timber wolf. She found this odd, considering she had only seen pictures of them and she hadn't seen one outside of a zoo here across the pond. Even more strange, she thought, was incessant need to go out and run every full moon. She just attributed it to animal instincts, but still, she felt connected to everything when she went out running in her wolf form. After a while, she also considered it a great way to remember the Marauders she had the privilege to know, Remus and Sirius. She missed them. She missed Sirius's playfulness and occasional harmless flirts. She missed Remus's steady guidance and his willingness to debate with her over this new Potion discovery or that new Charms theory.Hermione sighed, and shook her sad thoughts out of her head. It was coming up on the full moon in a few nights and they always made her antsy and sentimental. Taking back up her thesis, she set to work again. Just two more classes before the end of the term, and just one more theory she had to put down into her paper. Never mind she had already gone above and beyond what was required. Just two days before she had fully graduated.Hermione finished her thesis and decided it would be a good time to go down to a late breakfast. With the end of the year, the house elves were happy to personalize your meals if you wanted, and Hermione had a hankering for some pasta and apple pie. She had to hold back the feeling of melancholy at not being able to have Hogwarts food after she left. The house elves really knew how to cook. She sat down and mentally asked for an eggy in a basket and a nice English Breakfast tea with two sugars. Immediately they appeared on the table in front of her, and she couldn't withhold a smile. She began eating, relishing in the taste.By the time she was nearly finished, the owls started to arrive. Hermione wasn't expecting anything today, so she was slightly surprised to find that an eagle owl had landed in front of her with a package of no insignificant size. She gave the owl a bit of her dried toast as she unburdened him of the parcel and the letter that accompanied it. Her eyebrows shot to her hairline when she saw the tidy slanted writing on the front. She opened it, and the letter read thus:Miss. Granger, If you are receiving this, then the death toll of the war has reached a number too great for my old conscience. By this time, I am aware that my supporters have dwindled because of my incessant meddling. I must ask you to do the impossible, my dear girl. I must ask you to go back in time. Yes, time. I am hoping, that if you go back, you can take the necessary steps to avert this second war. In the box, you will find a de-aging potion that will take one year off of your age, so you would once again be seventeen, and my own personal time-turner. You must turn it fourty-four and one quarters times. That will send you back to 1976, at the start of term. You will have to retake your school year I'm afraid. When you get to the past, you must seek me out, and tell me what happened in this timeline, but I must warn you, this journey is a one-way trip. You will not be able to come back to the present. I suggest you think long and hard before you make a decision, as you have certain attachments to this time, I'm sure. But I must strongly urge you to consider this offer. If you accept, you could save the lives of so many. Sincerely,  APWBDHermione read the letter in astonishment, and surprisingly, she felt a sort of sadness for the late Headmaster. She had to snort when he mentioned her having attachments to this time. She felt that everyone had forgotten her after the war. So her choice was easy. She pocketed the vial and headed up to the Gryffindor common room, that was empty of all but two fourth years standing at the base of the boys dormitories. As soon as they went up, Hermione took out the time-turner and turned it fourty-four and and quarter turns and disappeared for 1999.
