disclaimer: I don't own Harry PotterA.N. Basically this story will follow the books pretty much, with only two differences, one Harry has parents, and he won't be getting with Ginny at the end, don't have nothing against, Harry/Ginny, but I'm writing this story for someone and was asked to put Harry with someone else. But that won't be for a while. Not much happens in this chapter, basically just introducing everyone and starts in Harry's 3rd year.Chapter 1To anyone who didn't know him; Harry James Potter would seem like a highly unusual boy, for one: he was doing his homework in the dead of night, so he wouldn't wast his daylight hours he could be having fun with friends doing it: that's how he explained it to his dad anyway, when he asked hin once why he did his homework in the middle of the night. Another reason Harry might seem unusual to outsiders, he was sitting at his desk doing his homework with a feather quill and not a pen, and instead of notebook paper Harry was writing on a piece of parchment, the school book sitting next to him open was not that of one you might find at a normal school, but a Potion book.What was in Harry's room was just as unusual as the boy himself, sitting next to him on his desk was a wand, a trunk was at the foot of his bed, robes and spell books spilling out of it, posters of guys on broomsticks zooming around throwing weird-looking balls, self full of spell books, and dragon figures roaring and tearing each other apart, along with an empty bride cage full off owl feathers and droppings. And in the far corner was a broomstick with Nimbus 2000 written in gold on the handle.You see Harry Potter wasn't a normal boy he was a wizard, yes a wizard, who just finished his second year of schooling at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and wizardry. Where he was in the Gryffindor house.Right now he was doing homework at 11:45 at night, he had started at a little after 10:00 and now all he had left was potions. But his hand was getting a bit tired after nearly an hour of writing.Harry sighed and leaned back, if he hated anything more than school work it was homework, what the point in it was, he would never know. They had to go to school basically all year, they should get their summer vacation free of school work.Harry blew his long bangs out of his face and looked up at his reflection in the window in front of his desk; he looked just like his father, from the messy black hair down to his knobby knees. The only thing that did not resemble his father was the bright green eyes of his mother hidden behind a pair of round black glasses. But the thing that stood out most in his reflection was what was on his forehead: a scar shaped like a blot of lightning.The secret world of wizards and magic as to which Harry Potter belonged all knew his name, and that scar. He didn't know all the details, nor did he remember the night he became famous and marked as The-Boy-Who-Lived, Harry was only 1 year of age.Harry, his parents, along with his mum's best friend and her husband and child had all been in hiding for a while, the most feared and evil wizard of all time: Lord Voldemort had targeted both families, no one seemed to know why or if they did they weren't telling Harry, but on Halloween night Harry's mum and dad had been out: leaving Harry to be watched by the Longbottoms while they were gone Voldemort had found out where they all were and showed up with murder on his mind.Voldemort attacked Frank Longbottom first, he was cursed and tortured endlessly as he tried to fight him off to give his wife Alice time to get away with Harry, and their son Neville. But poor Alice Longbottom didn't have time to get away, so she hide the boys, and one of Voldemort's followers, Bellatrix Lastrange had been with him that night, she took pleasure in torturing Alice, but the tough little women refused to give up where she put the boys. Willing to die to save her son, and Harry's life.Voldemort found them though, in the cupboard under the stairs. Neville had begun to cry, frightened by all the screaming and shouting. Voldemort pointed his wand at Harry first, but the spell that had killed so many others rebounded back to Voldemort and his powers somehow broke and weakened him, powerless and useless, Voldemort fled, and Harry was left unharmed, with nothing but the Lightning shaped scar on his forehead. The follower was thrown in Azkaban and the Longbottoms were never the same again, no longer in their right minds, they were locked away for their safety, leaving Neville to be raised by his grandmother.But Voldemort was not dead, like most believe him to be; no Harry had come face-to-face with him at Hogwarts on his first year, he was lucky to yet again to escape him and ended up in the hospital wing for over a week, then in his second year, just a few months ago. Harry came face-to-face with a teenage memory Voldemort, and yet again, came out of that alive. Both times scaring his parent half to death in the process. Yep, Harry Potter was lucky to even reach his teen years, sad, but true.But no matter how unusual Harry Potter may seem, he was still like any other boy, always getting in trouble at school, making mischief wherever he went and trying his best just to enjoy his childhood, and be normal. He hated being famous, he hated that everyone everywhere he went in the wizard world knew who he was, knew his name, he hated how his parents had to move him to a muggle neighborhood to get away from it, and most of all he hated having to grow his bangs out like a girl to stop people from pointing at his forehead and screaming "It's The-boy-Who-Lived"Harry turned from the window and looked at the Griffin shaped clock on his wall, it was now 12:05am, he had been a teenager for five minutes, but yet, he felt no different. He blew again and took off his glasses to rub his eyes.Harry was an only child, so he was a bit on the spoiled side, almost able to do whatever he wanted, though his Mother did put her foot down every once in a while. Like this summer; a second year of her only son almost getting killed had made Lily Potter put her foot down, taking away certain things he was allowed to do over the summer. Hoping it would stop him from getting into trouble once he went back to school.Harry had two best friends from school friend: Hermione Granger, a pretty muggle-born witch, with bushy brown hair and soft brown eyes, she was smart, and kind, and tried her best to get her friends to follow the rules, and never seen without an arm loud of books, being muggle-born, Harry didn't see much of her over the summer, owls and phone calls, along with seeing her at friend's birthdays and shopping for school supplies is usually the only contact Harry had with Hermione until school started.But Harry's other friend, Ron Weasley, a tall red-headed, freckled face wizard, was from a magical family, so normally Harry was allowed to go to his house by flo and Ron to his pretty much every day in the summer, but not this summer nor was he allowed phone calls, or allowed to go out anywhere unless it was with his parents, but not wanting to cut Harry off completely from his friends, he was allowed to send letters by owl, which meant Hermione had been the one he was in most contact with this summer, since Ron was too lazy most the time to write back, their conversation were mainly one-sided with Harry sending Ron owls, and Ron never answering them. This summer has really sucked for Harry.A knock on Harry's door brought him from his thoughts, a second later, his door opened a bit and his dad stuck his head in.James Daniel Potter was tail and thin, with the same shaggy black hair as his son, but his eyes were hazel in color, but held the mischief as Harry's, being only thirty-three, James was still young, only being twenty when Harry was born, he married at the young age of nineteen. Having his dreams of being a world-famous Quidditch player dashed because of the first wizard world war against voldemort, instead he joined a group fighting against Voldemort, he became an Auror (Dark wizard catcher) for the Ministry of Magic, and was now on his way to the top of the Department, second only under the Head Auror himself.James never brought his work home with him though, he left all seriousness at the office, for though he knew him, he was a devoted father and husband, a good man with a good heart, full of mischief, but did tend to be a bit mean towards the ones he did like, mostly those who was into the Dark Arts, but deep down James Potter was an all around good guy, who like some many imperfect people did make mistakes, but tried to do his best for his son and wife."Noticed your light was on." James said, "Kiddo, it's after midnight, why are you still up?" As he talked to Harry he walked on in the room. He came up to his son and looked down at what his was doing, picked up the potion homework and after frowning at it a moment he laughed and shook his head."Son, when old' Snappy assigned a two foot long assignment on cheering potions, I don't think he meant write as big as you can to take up as much room as you can." James sat the parchment back down in front of Harry and ruffled his hair. "I think that's the first two foot long easey that was only six sentences long." He sighed when Harry didn't respond. "You do know you'll have to redo that before school starts.""Why?" Harry demanded, narrowing her eyes at his dad."Your Mum is why." James answered. "You know she spends the day before September first looking through all your homework, checking it, making sure you did your best, and the moment she sees that, you'll be spending the very last day of August doing it until your mother believes you really did your best."Harry rolled his eyes. "It doesn't matter what I do, or how good I do it." I picked up his potion book. "I could copy it word for word out of here, and Snape will still give me a bad grade." He dropped the book back on his desk.James patted Harry on the back, "I know, but ..I guess your Mum just wants you to do your best, it's good for you." James grinned for a moment, before patting Harry again. "Go on to bed, worry about the paper later."Harry nodded, but didn't move, the reason Severus Snape, the potion master at Hogwarts was so hard on Harry was, because he and James Potter was old school rivals who bullied each other during their years at Hogwarts; James getting married and becoming a father, made him grow up, though he did still hold a dislike toward Snape he never thought much of him or their past, but Snape, for some reason wouldn't let their old rivalry go, and since James was nowhere around him, he took his hatred for him out on his son."Go get in your pajamas and go on to bed." James said, patting Harry one last time. "You've stayed up long enough, you got the rest of the summer to redo that."James ruffled Harry's hair one last time then walked out of the room shutting the door behind him. Harry stood up, and yawned. Something moving outside caught his eyes, he slipped his glasses back on and looked down, there was a black shape on the curb outside of the house and not moving, just sitting there. Harry's heart speed up, his mind going to all kinds of horrible things the unmoving shape could be, then he jumped when it moved, and as it came into view under a street light, Harry saw it was only a dog. Probably one of a neighbors that had got out.Signing and shaking his head at his own foolishness, he turned and walked to his dresser, took out his pajamas, changed and crawled into bed, drifting off to sleep all thoughts of dogs leaving his mind.Eight hours later, the smell of beacon woke Harry from a deep sleep. He laid there confused and sleepy for a moment until the sun peeping through Harry's window made him realize it was now the morning of his birthday, he smiled and laid in bed a moment longer getting his self awake before getting up and going over to his dresser and picking out an outfit to wear, he chose jeans and a t-shirt and he paused a moment to look out the window for his snowy owl Hedwig who had not come home the night before from a hunt, which did not have Harry worried she'd been gone for days before.After standing there a few minutes Harry went to step away and head to the bathroom for a shower, when movement in the yard caught his eye, Harry looked down to see the same dog or he assumed it was the same one from last night. It just sat on the side-walk looking at their house, just staring not moving, not even a wag of the tail, or a blink of the eye. Harry frowned finding this odd, he never owned a dog, though he had bagged for one for his ninth birthday, but had never got it, only time his parents had refused him anything, but Harry was still certain dogs didn't usually sit that still, not even a well-trained dog. Any dog would have to at least wag his tail. And why hadn't the dog gone home by now, or the owner came to get it.Harry stood there he didn't know how long just watching the odd dog when all of a sudden; as if it sensed being watched it looked up right at Harry and jumped to its feet, and wagged his tail, as if he was happy to see Harry or that Harry was his long-lost best friend.Harry didn't know why, but the dog's sudden movement made him back away from the window, as if someone had caught him peeping at them. Harry shook the odd thought from his head and walked back up to his window only to see the dog was gone, frowning and wondering if it was really there to begin with or if his mind playing games with him, Harry turned and headed toward the bathroom for a quick shower, his stomach rumbling now.After his quick shower, Harry headed down stairs for breakfast, all thoughts of the dog driven from his mind by hunger.The smell of beacon was even stronger as Harry hurried down the stairs and out the glass door in the living room, and down the hall that led to the kitchen, Harry stopped in his tracks at the sound of his parent's raised voices and he paused in front of the glass door that led into the kitchen to listen."Fudge can not expect you to be the one to catch him." Lily cried."I'll be fine, Lily." James said, in a tired voice. "I'm the last person he would ever hurt, even if he is a bit crazy from so many years with the dementors.""That's another thing." Lily said. "What if he doesn't know you, he seemed to be going crazy before Azkaban after what happened that night. Just think what all these years in prison might have done to him Or maybe in the shape his bound to be in, he blames you, what if he wants to get back at you, because he thinks it's your fault.""Lily, please." James said. "I will be fine, it's my job, I've been catching bad guys for years. Besides I doubt he thinks that."When Lily's face turned a bit pink, and she turned around with anger in her eyes, Harry decided to announced himself, before smoke came shooting out of his mother's ears."Morning," Harry said a bit too loudly as he came throw the kitchen door, his parents stopped their fight immediately and turned to him."Morning, kiddo." James forced a smile "How are you this morning?"Harry wanted to ask what they were fighting about, but decided it wasn't a good idea, and instead told his dad he was just fine."Happy birthday, sweetie." Lily came rushing over and gave Harry a hug, then kissed his forehead right on his scar and smiled at him real big. "Wow, I can't believe my baby is a teenager." She turned to James, "What about you, James?""Feel any different, kid." James gave a real grin this time and Harry shook his head smiling back at his dad. "I didn't either, when I turned thirteen."Lily led Harry toward the chair he always sat in at the table and made him sit down. Then went over to the stove and loaded down a plate and brought it back and sat it in front of Harry."There you go, sweetie." She smiled at him, then got a plate for her and James and came back and took her set, after handing James his.Lily Potter was a beautiful woman,she was just thirty-three, she looked twenty-four, with shoulder length thick dark red hair, a gentle smile and almond-shaped green eyes full of love and kindness, she was muggle-born, and had a muggle sister Harry had never meant, cause Lily and her didn't get along, but that didn't seem to bother Lily, she worked at St. Mungo's, having to always want to help people, and do something good with her life, along with being a good nurse, Lily Potter was also a good wife and mother, and never said a bad word or harmed anyone, she just didn't have it in her.As the small family ate their breakfast, they chatted about different things, Quidditch, the summer, what Harry was hoping to get for his birthday, then as the family was finishing, James looked up at the clock, took the last drink of his pumpkin juice and put his fork down and stood."I have to go in." James announced, grabbing his traveling cloak off the back of the chair, Harry looked up confused his dad always refused to go to work on his birthday, so whatever was going on must be big.He looked at his mother to see her jaw set and she was chewing on her bottom lip, something she did when she wanted to say something, but knew it wasn't the right time."I'll make it back for your birthday party, kiddo, might show up a little late, but I'll be here. Keep an eye on your Mum help her out if she needs it." James ruffled Harry's hair then leaned in and kissed his wife's check. "I'll be fine, doe, no need to worry." And with that he was out the door a moment later Harry heard the loud pop telling him his father had apparated away."Mum." Harry begin, but his mother interrupted his question."I hate to ask you, Harry, but since your father had to go into work, and me with so much to do in the house before tonight.-""I'll straighten up the yard." Harry said."The grass needs cut too, I really do hate to ask on your birthday and all." Lily walked to the sink and sat the dishes in it, Harry got up to take his plate to the sink and was surprised to see his mother blinking back tears. And he had a feeling it had nothing to do with Harry having to do yard work on his birthday, and everything to do with what she and James had fought about."It's fine, Mum, really, gives me something to do." Harry said, Lily took his plate without really paying attention, and mumbled something Harry couldn't hear; he decided to leave his Mother to herself and head on out to do the yard work his Mother asked him to do.Harry worked all day, cleaning up all the old boots and cauldrons out of the back yard, trimmed the bushes, weeded the garden, and got out the mower to mow the lawn. It usually only took his dad an hour to do the yard work, since he was able to use magic to do everything, but it took Harry all day, he didn't mind though, his parents hardy asked him do more than cleaning his room or helping his mom with the dishes sometimes, and considering his Mum usually done the cleaning with magic, she was a pretty busy women, as an emergency nurse at St. Mungo's she was on call 24/7.Harry started the yard work right after breakfast at 9:45, at 10:00 his Mum called him in for tea time, where he had tea and a small snack. Then he headed back out to work until lunch time, it was then Harry meant a new friend.Harry had finished with the front yard and was clearing out the back to mow, he had been on his hands and knees pulling some tall grass and weeds from around the back porch where the mower wouldn't reach, when he heard a sound behind him, startled Harry turned around real fast, only to see it was the odd dog he saw from his window. Up close Harry could get a better look at it. He was hug, black with dirty tangled, nappy fur, at first take the dog looked mean, but did not act it, he just sat down and stared at Harry, after a while of making eye contact with the poor looking thing, Harry began to feel sorry for it. He figured a dog in that bad of shape had no owner."What do you want boy? Harry asked, standing up, and walking over to it, he took his time reaching to feel around the dog's neck to see if he had a collar, in case the dog did happen to have a home, but Harry would hate to know someone who would let their dog get in this shape, but there was no collar or tag, not one thing proving he belonged to someone, but yet it was well-behaved, he didn't try to attack or run off, so Harry started petting it."You sure are skinny, mate." Harry replied. The dogs seem to enjoy the attention Harry was giving it. He sat there a good thirty to forty minutes just petting and talking to the friendly dog, at one time Harry picked up a stick and threw for the dog to fetch and it just gave Harry a look as if to say "Yeah right, you want it you get it.""Harry, lunch." His mum's voice called out into the yard. Harry stood and the dog gave a wine, and looked toward where Lily's voice came from."I'll be back." Harry said. "I'll sneak you out some food," That seemed to cheer the dog up and Harry was allowed to go inside."Would you like something Remus?" Harry heard his mother asked as came upon the kitchen door."No, thank you, Lil, I had an early lunch with James about an hour ago." A soft voice replied.Harry opened the kitchen door to see Remus Lupin, his dad's best friend since first year, was sitting in his dad's chair, having a butterbear, which seemed a bit odd to Harry, Remus never came around when his dad was at work."Hey, Harry, happy birthday." Remus held his butterbear up to him, as if toasting him."Hello, Mr. Lupin. Thanks" Harry greeted and took his chair, Lily sat a ham sandwich and bowl of tomato soup in front of him, then came back with a butterbear."Thanks Mum." Harry smiled and dug in. Lily smiled and headed out of the kitchen."Have you had a good birthday, so far, Harry." Remus asked."It's been alright." Harry shrugged.Remus Lupin has been James Potter's best friend since Hogwarts, they had been in the same year, both Gryffindors, so Harry figured they were around the same age, but Lupin tended to look much older, mostly during one of his sick spells; Lupin had light brown hair that had specks of grey, amber eyes, and scars on his face with bags under his eyes, and worry lines on his face. His robes were always patched and shabby, and he was very thin. Today the bags weren't so bad, so Harry figured he hadn't had a sick spell lately.Once a month his dad would go over Lupin's house to set with him for two days, because he had sick spells, Harry had often asked his mother what was wrong with him, but all Lily would tell him was. "He's ill, sweetie, nothing for you to worry about, Mr. Lupin will be fine in a few days.""Your Mum has told me you have been doing all the yard work for your party tonight." Remus said."Yeah, but it's okay, gives me something to do besides homework." Harry grinned, took a last bit of his sandwich, then downed his pumpkin juice in one drink, Remus chuckled."How about I help you out." Remus said."I can use magic and make the job go faster.""Sure." Harry said, he stood. "You can meet my new friend.""You made a new friend?" Remus asked. Harry nodded."A big black dog." Harry announced. "I hope Mum and Dad will let me keep him, he's doesn't have an owner, and I always wanted a dog, but Mum would never let, said they were too much trouble to take care of, and she would be the one stuck walking him, and cleaning after it while I was at Hogwarts."The smile faded from Remus' face. "Big black dog you say?" Harry nodded and opened the fridge and took out the pack of ham."I promised to bring him something to eat." Harry said, he grabbed a big hand full, got a bowl out of the cabinet, dropped the ham in it, then got another and fulled it with water."I don't think your Mum will like you using her dishes to feed a dog, Harry." Remus said, standing. Harry shrugged."I'll wash them." Harry said then, headed toward the door, then stopped and gave a pleading look to Remus, who gave a tiny smile and with a wave of his wand the kitchen door opened."Thanks." Harry smiled, and headed out, not seeing Remus frown and worry face as he followed him, wand still out.But when Harry and Remus made it outside the dog was nowhere to be find, Harry frowned, and looked around."I guess I'll just leave the food and water on the back porch, maybe he'll be back." Harry said, sitting the two bowls down. Then straightening up and looking around again. "I think I'll call him Buddy, if he does come back and I get to keep him."After making sure the dog was really gone, Remus turned to Harry. "Let's not worry about that now, let's get the yard work done, so we can get out of the hot sun."Harry nodded and together him and Remus started on the yard together. After they were done, Lily asked for them to come in and help with the decorations. Before going in Harry looked for the dog one last time, and again the dog was nowhere, but Harry noticed the food and water bowls where now empty.By the time the guest for Harry's birthday started to arrive at six o'clock that evening, the whole house inside and out looked completely different, with strimers and balloons everywhere, a big banners reading "Happy Birthday Harry" hung in every room, and color changing bubbles flouted about, outside five picnic tables were set up, more strimers and balloons magically floated in the air along with more color changing bubbles, bottles of butterbear sat on every table, along with punch bowls full of pumpkin juice, wizard music played in the back ground. And Lily's roses bushes along the end of the yard was glittering with fairies.James Potter hadn't made it home yet, so Remus cooked on the grill as Lily welcomed the guest and pointed them toward the back yard. Hoping James was there by the time the food was done.Harry was standing with Remus by the grill chatting his ear off, when the first guest arrived out the back door, it was a couple of his parents friends along with their kids, Harry took their offered gifts, they chatted with Remus a moment until more people came. Soon the yard began to fill up and the pale of gifts sat to the side started to grow.Neville Longbottom was one of the first to arrive, along with his grandmother, Neville brought Harry their gift, as his grandmother stayed behind to talk to Lily, and complain about everything from the hot weather to the Ministry of Magic.Harry was in a corner talking about Quidditch to Neville and a couple more of their Gryffindors friends, Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, when Hermione came out the back door carrying her gift, which looked like a large book. Harry didn't recognize his good friend at first, she had her busy hair pulled back in a ponytail, she was wearing a power blue dress that came to her knees, black dress shoes, and was very tanned from the summer sun, she had also grown some, and looked rather tail and thin."Happy birthday, Harry." Hermione smiled and held out her gift. Harry didn't say anything at first, he just stared at her, without her bushy hair in her face, for the first time Harry noticed Hermione had high cheek bones, and a slender face, with nicely shaped eyes, and the right size nose."Harry, you alright?" Hermione frowned a little. "Don't worry, this isn't a book.""What-oh." He took her gift. "Thanks, Hermione."Before Hermione could ask if he was feeling ill or something the Wesaley's showed up, and her voice was drowned out by the sea of red heads that suddenly surrounded Harry, hugging him and handing over gifts.By the time the sun started to set and the sky turned dark the only one yet to turn up was James Potter himself. Harry, Ron and Hermione had wondered off away from everyone, pretty much the way they did at Hogwarts. They chatted about any ole' thing, joked around, Ron and Harry talked of Qudditch, and Hermione asked if they had done their homework yet, she had finished hers the day after the summer holiday started. Harry told her he just had potions, and Ron's reply was ordering Hermione not to bring up homework on Harry's birthday. Hermione opened her mouth to reply, and Harry decided he should stop the argument before it happened."How was Egypt, Ron?" He asked.The Weasley family recently won money in a drawling at the Ministry, and used it to visit their eldest son, Bill, in Egypt, where he worked as a Curse-Breaker for Gringotts, the wizard bank."It was amazing." Ron said. "Bill took us around the tombs and you wouldn't believe the curses Egyptian wizards put on them. Mum wouldn't let Ginny come in he last one."Hermione frowned at that. "Your mum shouldn't treat Ginny as if she was still a baby, Ron."Ron frowned at her "There were all these mutant skeletons in there, of muggles who'd broken in and grown extra heads and stuff. She was worried it would scare her.""Ginny is stronger than what you all think." Hermione said. "She has to be, look what happened to her last year, speaking of last year, you were Ginny's age then, and I don't remember your mum being so protective of you."Last year during Ginny's first year at Hogwarts, she had gotten hold of one of Voldemort's old school books, had some how become possessed by him, not knowing what she was doing she opened the Chamber of Secrets and unleashed a basilisk on all the Muggle-born, in the end she was dragged down to the chamber where Harry and Ron had to go save her, Harry ended up killing the basilisk with Gryffindor's sword, and saving Ginny's life."I'm a bit jealous of you, Ron," Hermione admitted, after a long moment of silence. "The ancient Egyptians wizards were fascinating lived.""I'm sure France was nice." Harry said. Hermione and her parents had taken a vacation to France this summer."Oh, it was alright, I liked it." Hermione said. I liked it quite well. I did found some fascinating things about wizard history there, but I bit it was nothing like the ones in Egypt.""Just be glad you hadn't been with us when Percy got his Hogwarts letter." Ron grumbled. "He was named Head Boy, and that's all he has talked about since." He rolled his eyes."You should be happy for Percy, Ron." Hermione said. "Being named Head Boy is an honor." Harry snorted as Ron rolled his eyes.They began to get restless and started walking around the yard, most the adults was talking about some escape prisoner, name Sirius Black. Hermione having been in the muggle world all summer asked who they were talking about, Harry was glad, he wanted to know, but didn't want his friends to know his dad hadn't mentioned anything to him about it. Which was strange his dad alway told Harry everything that happened at work."Sirius Black." Ron said with an air of excitement. "I heard my dad telling mum about him, he was thrown in Azkaban twelve years ago for killing a wizard and twelve muggles with one curse, he blew up a whole street."Hermione gasped and threw her hand over her month, but Harry frowned. To him something about that story didn't seem right."Dad said he was a big support of You-Know-Who." Ron went on. "Lost it the night he lost his powers, Black was hoping to be the second in command.""That's so awful." Hermione said.Harry snorted. "I doubt Voldemort would have wanted a second in command.""Don't say his name, mate." Ron, snapped"Do they know where he might have gone." Hermione asked."If they knew that wouldn't the dementors have already got him." Ron demanded, sending a shiver down Harry's spin, he hated dementors, just the thought of them was enough to creep him out and he never even seen one in person, something he was grateful for."How about we change to subject." Harry said"Something more cheerful, this is my birthday, Mate., besides I doubt we'll have to worry about this Sirius Black guy showing up here, in a muggle neighborhood.""He's probably long gone by now anyway." Hermione said, thoughtfully, "If I had escaped prison, I would get as far away from it as I could."Ron chuckled. "The only way you'd ever get put in Azkaban is if they made doing too much homework illegal."Hermione just rolled her eyes."I wish dad would get here." Harry said, he and his two friends had made it around to the front yard. Hermione sat down on the porch steps, Ron and Harry stayed standing."I bit Sirius Black was who he was ordered to catch." Ron said. Harry had told his two friends about the argument he heard his parents have that morning."Ron, don't say that." Hermione snapped. "Harry is already worried about his dad. And Black sounds like a dangerous wizard."Harry just shrugged. "My dad could take him, he's the best Auror the Ministry has ever had.""Don't brag, Harry." Hermione frowned. "Everyone has someone who can beat them, no one is unbeatable." Harry frowned at her."What about you-know-who." Ron said. "He was unbeatable, it was a mistake Harry beat him as a baby." He reached and patted Harry on the back. "No offense, Mate." ."Yes, but if that hadn't happened, he would have been beat by someone, Ron." Hermione said. "They were all just too scared to face him.""He hide behind all his followers anyway." Harry put in. "They did all the dirty work for him."Well, I'm with you, Harry, I wish Mr. Potter would hurry up, Mrs. Potter won't let anyone eat until he gets here." Ron frowned and looked around as if hoping James Potter would just appaer out of thin air, with being a wizard it was very likely."Your stomach is all you ever think about." Hermione snapped."Mum wouldn't give us much for lunch." Ron complained, as if that would make it okay. "Said we'd get full and it would be rude not to eat at Harry's party." Hermione rolled her eyes, but a loud popping nose cut off her retreat and made all three jump, Harry pulled out his wand."Going to curse your own father." James Potter teased, Harry sighed and put away his wand, it had been his dad who apparated into their front yard, he looked tired and wore out, but still gave his son a cheery smile. "What are you three doing out here, thought the party was in the back yard.""We were just walking around." Harry said. He looked closely at his dad, the mischief spark that was always there was gone, replaced by what looked like sadness, and slight fear, maybe, Harry couldn't tell, his dad's eyes never looked that dull."And being hungry." Ron said."Ronald." Hermione snapped, but James just laughed, making Harry frown, he knew his dad more than anyone, and he saw what the other two didn't, the laughter did not reach his dad's eyes and seemed almost forced, he also smiled of Fire whiskey. And he's dad wasn't one to drink a lot."I am here now, Ronnie." James grinned. "Let's go see if my wife will give us food." He reached a hand down and helped Hermione to her feet.Frowning Harry followed his dad and friends around to the back, not seeing the dog watching from the bushes.The moment everyone James Potter walk through the back gate they cheered and there was a few people called out finally. As everyone got to eat, Harry noticed all talk of Sirius Black stopped and he couldn't help but wonder if that had anything to do with his dad being there. At one time Harry saw Remus shoot his dad what could only be a questioning look, in which James answered with a shake of the head.At 8:00pm, candles began to flout around as it was getting darker and Lily with the help of Molly Weasley brought out Harry's birthday cake, a large lion with red and gold icing. Everyone song happy birthday and Harry got to blow out his candles.After cake, Lily and James carried Harry's gifts over so he could open them before everyone went home. The first thing Harry opened was his gift from Neville, which was a quill case, Harry thanked him and moved on, he got a few wizard games, some new robes, Qudditch books, a book from Hagrid called the Monster book of monsters and when Harry opened it it tried to bit his hand off, make his mum scream and his dad had to tie it shut with his belt.The Weasley twins got Harry joke stuff, Ginny had made him a birthday card that sang Happy Birthday, Percy gave him a book, he got fudge from Mr. an Mrs. Weasley, and Ron's gift was a sneakascope.Harry opened Hermione's gift last, which was to all their surprise a Broomstick Servicing kit and not a book."All right, Hermione." Harry smiled at her, which made her checks turn pink, as he opened the leather case inside was a large jar of handle polish, a handbook on broomstick care, and everything you would need to keep your broomstick looking new. "It'll be perfect.""I wouldn't get ride of her, Harry." James winked at him, making Harry frown in confusion and Hermione's face go even redder. "She's a keeper."After about another hour or two the party began to break up and slowly people began to head home, the Weasley's being the last to leave, Hermione's parents had picked her up nearly forty minutes earlier."It was a fine party, Lily." Mrs. Weasley said, hugging her, then Harry, then James. "We must get going home now.""Thanks for coming." Lily smiled, she turned to Harry. "You have anything to say?""Thanks for the Fudge, Mrs. Wealsey, and for coming." Harry answered."Such a well-mannered, boy." Mrs. Weasley smiled fondly at Harry. Then glared and Ron and the twins as if to say they should have the same manners. Then turned back to the Potters with a prod smile. "Did you see we have some more good news." She pointed to the head boy badge Percy was already wearing."Oh, that's wonderful." Lily smiled. "congratulations, Percy." She smiled at him, and Harry noticed Percy's face go redder then his hair. Harry then began to glare at Percy."Thanks, Mrs. Potter." Percy said."It's all we've heard about all summer." George complained to James."If we heard about one more time, I think I'll jump off my broom." Fred cried, throwing his arms up."Understandable." James nodded in agreement."Oh, James." Lily smacked his arm. "You were head boy.""What?" Both twins cried."You never told me that." Harry said."Not something I want people to know, son." James said, in a tune that would suggest he did something horrible. He then leaned in and said to Fred and George. "I try my best to forget the whole thing. Block it all out you know.""Understandable." George said, Fred nodded in agreement."You were probably the worst head boy there ever was anyway." Lily shook her head. "I had to go behind him and clean his messes up. I was head girl you see, and that idiot went around giving people detention for doing homework too loudly or goofing off too quietly. No Slytherin could walk down the corridor without getting points taking for wearing too much green or walking the wrong way or too loud or too close to Gryffindor Tower." Lily shook her head, but then her found weakened a bit and she glared at her husband. "And for their nose being more than three inches long."James burst out laughing. "I forgot about that one." He turned to Harry. "That one was to old Snappy, "I can still see the look on his face when Sir- we measured his nose and then I gave him rest of the year in detention because it was five inches long." He turned to the twins. "More than three inches was against the rules, safety reasons you see." They nodded in understanding."Maybe we should get going." Mr. Weasley spoke up, because it looked as if Mrs. Weasley was about to say something disapprovingly, which would lead to another roll between James and her, something that happened pretty often."Yes, it is getting pretty late." Mrs. Weasley said. She gave another round of huge, somehow missing James this time around, then the Weasley family headed to the fireplace to flo home.Later that night Harry couldn't sleep, it was just too hot in his bedroom, he had already came out of his shirt and rolled up his pajamas pants, he rolled over and looked at his bedside table it read, 2:00am. Signing he decided to go to the kitchen to get a cool drink of water, hoping that would help him sleep, he got up, headed out his room, down the stairs out the door and headed to the kitchen and for the second time Harry paused at the sound of his parent's voice."What if their right, James." Lily said. "What if Sirius is after Harry." Harry frowned and leaned in closer."You don't really think that do you." James demanded."Sirius lost his mind that night." Lily explained. "What if all these years in Azkaban has him confused to who he is, what if being around all those other Death Eaters and dementors has him thinking he really was one of Voldemort's followers. What if they brain washed him to believe that?""That's bloody mental." James cried. "Who fed you that nonsense." Harry frowned, his father had never spoken to his mother that way, James Potter had always showed his wife nothing but love and respect."Minster Fudge came by here this morning." Lily said, "He was concerned about Harry, and thought it might be a good thing if we went and stayed at the Leaky Cauldron un-"Lily was cut off and Harry jumped at the sound of James's fist hitting the table. "Fudge! I should have known it was that bloody idiot, he had no right filling your head full of such nonsense and I am not leaving my home running from someone who isn't even after us, or my son. And never would be. Brain washed that's bull, how can someone not in their own right mind brain wash someone else.""Then how do you explain what Sirius was heard crying out in his sleep, not long before he escaped, James." Lily cried. "He said "He's at Hogwarts. Who else could he be talking about. And why didn't you tell me about that, this is our son my son we are talking about, James."There was silence for a long moment then the sound of James' chair falling over and slamming on to the floor as he suddenly stood.Where are you going?." Lily demanded. There was no answer as Harry heard his dad's cloak ruffled as he slipped it on "James, I ask..""To see Fudge." James snapped, Harry jumped again, he never ever heard his dad raise his voice at his mum like that. "He's at hogwarts my ass, I doubt anyone told Fudge Sirius said that or that it means what Fudge is implying. ""Don't be an idiot." Lily snapped "You can't go charging off and have words for the Minster.""Why the blood hell not!" James snapped again. "I have a right, he came into my home, filling my wife's head full of crape, and fear, and now has you all worried over nothing.""Oh, Merlin." Lily sunk down in a chair. "There is a lot of reasons why no you git. It's the middle of the night, Fudge it probably in bed a sleep, do you even know where he lives, and then there is the little fact you could lose your job or even end up in Azkaban for attacking the Minster. Use your head for once., James.""It's not true." James suddenly shouted. "Sirius is not after Harry." A moment later Harry heard the back door slam as his dad went out it. A moment later his Mum burst into tears.Harry wanted to comfort to go comfort her, but knew this was not something he was supposed to hear, so he turned and headed back up the stairs.He couldn't blame his parents for acting the way they were, after all who wants to believe their only son was yet again in danger, that yet again another mad-man was after him, he assumed that's why his dad was shouting that this Sirius Black guy wouldn't go after him, he didn't want to believe his son to be in danger again, who would, and his mum weeping was understandable too, what mother wouldn't cry at the news their son, their only child's life was in danger and not for the first time.As he laid back down on his bed Harry couldn't help but think Fudge was probably right, after all, everyone said Sirius Black was a big supporter of Voldemort, and wanted to be his second in command, Harry was the one believed to have gotten ride of Voldemort so of course he was after Harry, why wouldn't he be. Why else would he cry his at Hogwarts.As Harry rolled over he was surprised he didn't feel frightened or even scared, not one bit. He guessed he was use to being in danger. It's sad, but true his life had been on the line so much in his short life that he was now so used to it the fear he always flight was now gone.Harry's mind drifted to what Hermione had said earlier about if she had escaped from prison she would want as far as away as she could get, well, Black probably wanted that too, he just wanted to kill Harry first.A.N. As you see I made it where Harry was never told about Sirius, I did it that way so he wouldn't know about the Marauders and who made the map when he gets it later, so it'll be closer to the book, I wanted him to think Sirius was after him, and I planted doubt in Lily's mind to support that, and of course James isn't going to believe it, and though no one thinks Sirius turned on them, I still made him framed for killing Pettigrew and the muggles, everyone just thinks he went crazy trying to kill Pettigrew.I also decided to make it Frank and Alice there with Harry that night, cause he's parents couldn't be if they were to live, and I have read a lot where there still alive and most had grandparents with him, or Lily and James just not being killed, I decided to do something different.Anyway hope you like it, sorry about any bad spelling or grammar, I'm not very good with it, but I did my best to spell check. Not much happened in the this chapter, but it will pick up as the story goes.
