Muggleborn"Cressida Bonnie Evans," I recited to my best mate Holly, shook her head and said, "No dude that is not your last name," I laughed and asked her, "Why can't it be my last name?" Holly widened her eyes, leaned in and lowered her voice almost to a whisper, "Haven't you ever heard of the Evans curse?"I laughed and shook my head, "The what?" Holly rolled her eyes, "The Evans curse, something bad has happened to every Evans I've ever heard of." I looked at her and rolled my eyes, "And all Evans just so happened to be related," I said sarcastically. Holly sighed and started explaining her theory."Back when I lived in Cokeworth, there was this lovely old couple, Rose and Harold Evans, their daughter, son-in-law and grandson all went missing without a trace. Completely gone, a few months later, they die, on the exact same night, their house ruined. The coppers said that it must've been a heart attack of some sort, but they were holding hands and Rose was holding a photo of her daughter. It was weird, and then a few years ago, Rose's other daughter, Petunia, she and her family went off the grid, like they were hiding from something... or someone." Holly finished ominously, I nodded and looked at my phone."It's 6:47," I said, she nodded, "Well I've gotta go down to dinner, and you've gotta walk home," she said I nodded and gathered my things. We went downstairs and I said goodbye and walked out the door, as I was walking home an owl, tawny owl I think, came out of nowhere and dropped a letter on me. I picked up the letter and watched the owl fly away. I shrugged and looked at the letter, on the front there was a wax seal and I almost had a heart attack when I saw the back.Miss Cressida Evans17 Burlington Gardens, Chiswick, London, W4The Bedroom UpstairsW-what the bloody hell is this about!? I thought, and still, against my better judgement, I opened it.Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryHeadmistress: Minerva McGonagall (Order of Merlin 1st class, Grand Sorc.)Dear Ms. EvansWe are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, please locate the enclosed list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins 1 September, we await your owl by no later than 31 JulyYour Truly,Professor Cuthbert BinnsDeputy HeadmasterI smiled and kept walking, I looked inside the letter and found another piece of yellowed paper, it looked sort of like the papyrus I saw in school, parchment maybe? I took out the additional piece of paper and read it.First Year Shopping ListHOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYUNIFORM First-year students will require:1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear3. One pair of protective gloves (dragonhide or similar)4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings)Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags.COURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1)by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magic by Bathilda BagshotMagical Theory by Adalbert WafflingA Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set glass or crystal phials1 telescope1 set brass scalesStudents may also bring, if they desire, an owl OR a cat OR a toad.PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKYours sincerely, Cuthbert BinnsI grinned and kept on walking home, my friends knew how much I loved Harry Potter, I looked at the list again and saw an attached note, there were also two more lists in my envelope but I decided to read them at home, I was almost at home so I read the small note.Dear Ms. Evans, We have considered the fact that we usually only take new pupils at the age of eleven, and in contradiction to that, we have decided to let you in, due to your potential. Because of this, you will need three times as many supplies (all the supplies for three of our years) a personalised schedule and a personalised Sorting Ceremony. You will catch up fairly quickly with the rest of your classmates if you work diligently and hard, your house prefects will help you. One of our professors over to explain everything at 7:00 sharp.Yours Sincerly, Minerva McGonagallHeadmistressI grinned and walked into my house, I turned on Harry Potter; The Sorcerer's Stone and laughed. God I love my friends, I thought, they knew how much of a geek I was, Mum came into the living room and gave me a peculiar expression, "So, what's brung on this good mood," she asked me. I handed her my letter, "Somebody got me a Hogwarts Letter," I said and grinned, "Well the word must've gotten out about our family, " she said and smiled.I gave her a look, "What? That we're a family of geeks," I said and laughed, she nodded and went into the kitchen to finish dinner. My cat Midnight jumped up on my lap and started purring I began to pet Midnight and then heard a sound like the crack of a whip and then the doorbell rang. I checked my watch... 7:00.
