TAR-DAR! A new story for y'all, hope you enjoy reading it, I don't own Harry Potter, or anything in the series, the only thing I own is my O'C's :)Too MuchXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXA cool breeze was blowing through the bedroom, inside was four poster beds all around in a circle, the crimson flowed through each bed, long curtains hung down from the beds, enabling privacy for each boy inside. The blankets were pulled up to the top, again the blankets were a deep red, the bed sheet itself was a snowy white as was the pillows. The room was perfectly clean, the end of the term was only three weeks away and everyone was humming with excitement, people would have started packing now if it weren't for the lessons still taking place, but everyone knew they were there to check that everyone was ready for next year. There was also brown trunks at the end of all the beds, some were more faded then others as they were family heirlooms. The room had a small stove in the middle of it, with pairs of socks lying on the railing next to it, to keep them warm and toasty for those who needed them, their was windows in between each bed, they open outwards to allow air to circulate inside and for more personal owls to arrive, although this was strictly forbidden people still did it.Right now a young boy with black, raven hair was sat by a window, looking outside it, seeing the black lake and wondering what was inside it, hiding in its murky depths, he turned to see the forbidden forest, he didn't need to think about what was in there, he'd already been there every single year he'd been at Hogwarts, he thought back to his most recent adventure into there, meeting Sirius Black, the man who he thought traded his parents for the Dark Mark, but when he was given the chance to talk, Harry had found that in fact the man who betrayed his parents was Peter Pettigrew and that Sirius was actually his godfather, and in that one moment everything seemed to going well for Harry Sirius would be free and take Harry away from the Dursley's, the man who was responsible for his parents death, would be brought to justice but it all failed. Harry looked over to the Whomping Willow where he remembered being terrified at Remus Lupin's transformation into a werewolf, this allowed Peter Pettigrew to get away, and thus stealing Harry of his chance of ever leaving the Dursley's.He moved away from the window, done with remembering the past events of this year, he always did this because he wanted to try and remember the beauty that was Hogwarts, as Uncle Vernon always tried to make him forget, it wasn't through anything physical but the verbal abuse did sting, especially when it was your family. He walked away from the window, smoothing out his pale blue jacket which he hadn't changed from Lupin's transformation, still in shock about it all. He looked down at his grey shirt, again pale and faded blue jeans and thought he should change out them but that thought was vetoed as tomorrow he'd be in his robes again and thought they'd be washed before he got back, Dobby would probably do that, he liked the little house elf, which is what mainly lead him to helping free him from Lucius Malfoy, plus he wanted to annoy Draco.He walked over to the trunk at the bottom of his bed, and pulled it open, he looked down at the sad contents, most people he shared this room with, they filled their trunks with things they couldn't live without, photos of family and home, Harry had no such luxury, he looked down to see a cloak, which helped him more times than he cared to count, there was also some textbooks inside but they weren't what he was looking for, it was a picture, the only picture he owned of his parents. He stared at his father spinning in the air and then putting her down, ready for the picture, Harry wondered who was taking the picture, maybe it was one of the Marauders? Well it was either Remus or Sirius, Harry didn't even entertain the thought it was Peter who had taken, 'I don't know what I'd do with the picture then' Harry thought to himself, as if it was any other picture taken by that rat bastard, he'd have burnt it to a crisp, but this, this was the only picture he had of his mum and dad.The door opened behind him, but he was still inside his own world, thinking about all that had happened and what was going to happen now. Another boy who lived in this room came in, he had bright red hair, with freckles on his face, he was solemn in his duty of checking up on his best friend, he shuffled awkwardly in his clothes which felt more like an art display as at least one piece of clothing came from another brother, thankfully none of it came from his sister. He stilled himself thought if he could just turn around and wait for Harry to come down in his own time, sure he'd get such a bollocking off Hermione but he felt as if he was intruding on something private. That thought disappeared when he heard his friend let out a silent sob, Ron didn't know whether this was the right thing to do, but it felt right. He walked confidently over to his bed, stomping his feet on the floor to make sure he was heard. Harry placed the photo back in the trunk, shut the lid and walked quickly over to the window again, hoping his friend hadn't seen him cry.Ron got to his bed and just didn't know where to go from their, should he comfort his friend? Should he hug him? He was comfortable in his sexuality to hug another man, but was it right for Harry at the moment, thinking he should start slow, Ron begun a weak conversation hoping to work his way up to how Harry was doing "So that potions exam on friday was pretty dumb, wasn't it?" he said, looking up from his bed to see if Harry had turned around, he hadn't"Yeah I suppose it was dumb" Harry said blandly, removing his glasses, wiping away the tears"And what about Snape-" Ron quit half way through what he was going to say, knowing very much Snape was there when it all went off, and what Harry had to do to get a chance to talk with Sirius and Lupin. Harry took a deep breath knowing that Ron didn't know what to say, to be fair Harry didn't know what he wanted him to say"Ron?" Harry asked with his back still to him"Yes mate?" Ron asked sheepishly, worried that he was going to get yelled at from Hermione and now Harry"I know you're trying to help me, but right now I just need some space from people" Harry said staring out the window, which somehow made it easier to ask his friend to leave him"I'm worried about you, that was a lot for anyone to handle Harry" Ron said walking over now to Harry's bed, hoping to be closer to him"I'm trying to handle it in my own way" Harry said, holding back the sobs"Harry, you don't have to handle this alone, you know?" Ron said, knowing that Harry needed to space, he placed a hand on Harry's shoulder, gave it a squeeze and walked from the room.Still stood by the window, Harry just stayed there afraid to move as if that was holding in the tear which now wanted to break free. He walked back over to his trunk, thinking about taking out a book or something to distract his mind from this rage, but nothing seemed right so he moved for his bed and laid down, he tried to fall asleep hoping that in his sleep, the pain would leave him like some sort of illness.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXRon continued walking down the steps to see Hermione sat by the table which was close to the doorway to the boys dormitory. His eyes were met by the Gryffindor common room. It had many windows all around as it was held inside one of the many towers inside Hogwarts, the window were by the chairs closest to the fireplace and then some by the table in which Hermione was sat at. The windows by the table were of normal size and didn't seem to grand but the ones by the fireplace were ones of decoration as they were much larger than their other windows. The fireplace held a bright fire inside its mouth, which had a few people nearby as the weather was unusually still cold, maybe because of all the dementors hanging around the school, nearly all had been sent away, but a few still remained checking for Sirius Black, soon they'd all be gone. Above the fireplace was a clock, purely gold, people were worried about it being stolen by people but thanks to some enchantments the clock was secured to the wall, never to be removed unless the enchantments were broken. The chairs which dotted around by the window close to the the fireplace they were made of soft red cushiony fabrics, they was thick oak chair legs to uphold the chair, the same goes for the sofa, same fabric and oak legs, the only difference was there was some cushions for added comfort. The table in which Hermione was a large wooden table with matching wooden chairs, this was a desk in which the students could do their work, the only other thing inside the common room was the numerous paintings all along the walls, it was weird that these paintings were all still, none of them were animated, they were many different types of paintings, some were of landscapes and places around the school, but there was also portraits of famous witches and wizards who lived in Gryffindor, but the most prominent portraits were of Professor McGonagall and Professor Dumbledore, both of which were hung next to the clock above the fire place. Professor McGonagall was above the fireplace as she was the currant head of house for Gryffindor but no one was really sure as to why Dumbledore was there, the main theory was because he was the only one who He-who-must-not-be-named feared.Ron walked over to the wooden table and sat across from Hermione, she sat more upright anticipating his answer, Ron couldn't look her in the eye, he stared down to his red shirt and blue jeans. Hermione just slouched in her chair, feeling defeated, she would have gone up there herself, girls were allowed to enter the boys dormitory, however not vice versa, but she didn't think she could achieve anything else, she looked down at her hands which were shaking slightly, as she was worrying for her friend who was upstairs, maybe she could help him if she knew a bit more about what went off upstairs "How is he Ron?" She asked looking outside the window, her voice a whisper"Still the same" Ron answered, his voice was quiet too"Did he say anything?" Hermione asked, getting more worried"Just that he was okay and he wanted some space" Ron said still looking down, away from Hermione"Maybe if I went to go talk to him?" Hermione asked dragging her eyes away from the window"I think we should try and talk to him together but I think he needs some food, he hasn't been eating much" Ron said, already standing up, he hated not knowing how to help Harry and wanted to try and do something, anything."Yeah I suppose you're right" Hermione gathered herself and they both walked over to the door.They left through the door which was hidden by the portrait, known as the fat lady, it hit Ron that they never really asked about how the portraits and paintings moved, he supposed it was some spell, it was useful, the occupants of the painting could move painting to painting, which helped search for things, 'Or people' Ron thought thinking back to the events of this year.The walk down to the main hall was a blur, people rushing past and knocking into Ron and Hermione, everyone went around their business, Sirius Black was again on the move and everyone felt safe, thinking a murderer had left their midst, if only they knew that actually a murderer had been with them for two years, in the form of Ron's rat.They both turned to see the grand hall, the many vast windows on each side of the room and the largest one at the end of the hall, behind the teachers table. There wasn't many people in the hall, off outside, Ron couldn't blame them, being trapped inside this hall much have felt like torture. He walked in with his head held low, he looked around and saw Professor's Dumbledore, McGonagall and Sprout, he saw some students dotted around, nearly no one was from Gryffindor, Neville was eating some food along with Dean but Ron and Hermione didn't feeling like sitting and talking. Dumbledore looked at Ron and Hermione and nodded to them, he understood Harry was still hurting, Professor McGonagall saw them and begun to walk down to them 'Great' Ron thought, first he was a useless friend and now a useless student "Mr Weasley, Miss Granger?" Professor McGonagall asked, her robes were billowing behind her as she walked closer"Yes miss?" They both said, rather than asked, with a dull tone to their voice"Remember your transfiguration homework for tomorrow" She said, still remaining first and foremost their Transfiguration teacher"We will miss" Again they both said"Make sure you eat something, all of you" She said and walked off, throwing a concerning glance at them.They understood what she meant, and she was right, how could they tell Harry to eat when they weren't. Hermione reached for a pile of eggs, golden with a hint of butter, she made a pile of both of their plates and them gathered some buttered toast for them. Ron ate his food without a thank you, just wanting to get back to Harry, Hermione was afraid to eat, feeling bad, here she was eating some delicious food whist their best friend was in his room, just having had his own world turned upside down, Ron knew how she felt, feeling just the same "Hermione, McGonagll was right we all need to eat" he said shovelling some food into his mouth"I know, but I just feel so bad for him" she said, finally picking up her fork, Ron didn't say anything, only nodding to her, to acknowledge she'd said something.They'd finished eating and wrapped up some toast in a napkin for Harry to eat, they were getting ready to leave when someone from Hufflepuff came walking up to them, they would have thought they were trying to get past them if he didn't shout for them "Hey!" they both turned to see a man with grey eyes, and thick hair come running over to them"Um hi?" Hermione said hoping to get moving, they both turned around again, wanting to leave, however this Hufflepuff student had other ideas"You guys okay?" He said, hoping to get them to talk"Yeah we're good" Ron said, starting to get a little annoyed"Where's Harry?" He said, soon regretting it"What's it to you" Ron growled, getting ready to storm off"Sorry I just-""Just what? Just you're nosey? Just you want the latest scoop on Harry Potter!" Ron yelled at him, everything in the hall seemed to stop and go quiet, Ron stormed off, Hermione wanted to stay and say sorry but she felt like this was deserved as they all wanted to know everything about Harry Potter"Wait" The Hufflepuff man stopped her, she turned to see him, red in the face and awkwardly shuffling with his bag "I didn't mean to upset you guys, I wanted to check to see if Harry was okay, he's not been down in the hall""How would you know whether Harry's been in the hall or not?" Hermione asked, starting to feel Ron had the right idea about leaving, the Hufflepuff man went even more red faced"I suppose you don't believe me, thinking I want to sell his story to Rita Skeeter or some other low life, but I don't, if its okay, could you tell Harry, he can owl me, if he needs to" he went to walk away, thinking he'd caused enough damage"Stop" Hermione's time to say for him to stay "How can I tell him to owl you, if I don't know who you are?" she said, thinking she'd mention it anyway"Oh sorry, my names Cedric Diggory and I'm in my fifth year here" he smiled, Hermione shot him a smile back "I'll let you go, but tell that red head guy, that I didn't mean to upset him or Harry""Sure, I will" she said, feeling a little better after talking with this Cedric.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXHarry was still by the window, nothing had changed, he still wanted to sit there and cry his heart out, he'd never really been a fan of crying to deal with things, but this felt too much this time, just too much. His thoughts were interrupted when Ron came storming in, muttering about a someone, that much he gathered, he brought himself away from the thoughts which were sure to bring another tear to his eye and he walked over to Ron's bed where Ron was sat, still muttering about someone, who was kindly referred to as 'Bastard'."Ron , what's wrong?" Harry asked, knowing once Ron was in a frenzy, who know's what'll happen"Nothing, mate, just some dick head" Ron growled, not angry at Harry but that bloody Hufflepuff"You're not going to hit this 'Dick Head' are you?" Harry asked"No, well, I don't think so, I know I wanted to punch him" Ron said finally starting to calm down"What was it he did?" Harry asked, his curiosity beginning to peak, before Ron could speak though, Hermione had arrived, as ever as calm"Well Ronald, he was asking about how Harry was" she said, slightly annoyed at Ron for storming off without giving the poor fellow a chance to explain"Maybe he should have spoke up then" Ron snapped at Hermione"You didn't give him a chance!" Hermione argued back. Harry didn't really want to be there for them arguing, so he quietly slipped out. He walked down the stone stairs and didn't stop till he was well and truly lost.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXSoon Harry felt like this wasn't such a hot idea, his legs hurt and he just wanted to sit down, he kept on walking though, thinking he was nearing somewhere he knew at least, but he wasn't, the light became weaker and weaker, he was thinking about soon, using his wand to generate some light. He turned a corner and saw some light, he ran down the corridor towards the light however, it didn't seem to be getting closer, only further away, 'Am I in some forbidden area?' Harry thought, thinking some sort enchantment was being used, he gave up and fell on the floor, he slouched against the wall, he wanted to get back to the dorm. He looked down both corridors to see if the light or any light was still there, he sighed, and continued walking, which his legs argued against but it was all he could do right now, he didn't want to feel any more useless then he already did.The walk did him a little good, it gave him a chance to finally breathe, sure Hermione and Ron meant good but it all felt very awkward, maybe talking to this Hufflepuff might be good? Someone else to talk to, who wouldn't be arguing all the time, Harry chuckled a little at this, wondering when they were going to finally go out, what made him chuckle more was the fact that this corridor might be the end of him, this, not a troll or a giant snake, a bloody corridor.He had his hand walking along the wall with him, the torches did very little too illuminate the way, he stopped when he felt a door handle, he quickly pulled himself to the doorway and felt around the door to see if there was anything to make of it, with all the doors in Hogwarts, the way they are made and what material can tell you what hides on the other side. He rubbed his hand down the door feeling a smooth surface and then knocked on the door a few times, from that he could tell it was a wooden door, he felt more like a dorm room door rather than something monstrous, but you could never tell with Hogwarts, he armed himself with his wand, took a deep breath and opened the door.The room was pitch black but the smell of burning was still in the air, 'someone's put out some candles or torches in here' either way someone was trying to hide away from Harry, feeling the strength and courage of Godric Gryffindor flowing through him, he tried to gain the attention of whoever was in there"Hello?" he said, his hands shaking slightly, he walked a little more forward but stopped when he heard a loud bang coming from a door being slammed shut, he turned around to see the entry door was shut, panicking, Harry shouted out "Lumos!" a beam of light appeared and Harry felt a little better, but in the shadows a voice called out "Nox" and Harry wand blinked back into the dark, 'Okay now I'm scared'."Who are you" The voice asked, Harry heard movement, the owner of the voice was moving around the chamber"I-I-I" Harry choked out"Leave my chambers, now!" The voice snarled at Harry, he ran to the door, he heard it swing open, he charged through it, not looking back, he didn't even look back when he heard the large bang which signalled the door closing, but he continued charging down the hall, he didn't know why, but this time it felt like too much, too much going on in one year, if it had happened early he probably would have ran to Hermione and Ron and told them about the room, but he didn't he just ran, he knew he had gone far as the light rays of the grounds had hit him, he heard many people shouting to him 'Harry?', 'Harry!, 'Hey!' but he ignored them all and kept running to somewhere safe, Hagrid's, 'Not far, it's not far' when he reached the steps reaching down to his hut, but Harry hit a solid object"Who the hell?" Harry said, annoyed, he looked up to see grey eyes and a handsome face looking down at him"Harry?" The stranger's voice practically purred out"S-Sorry have we met?" Harry asked, everything coming to him"No we haven't but I wanted us to- Harry, Harry, what's wrong?" The stranger asked concern filling his throat, Harry had begun to swing back and forth, when he collapsed into the strangers hands, the last thing Harry heard before black consumed him, was the stranger's voice ringing out for him and a loud booming voice as well.
