(A/N: Okay so here's yet another Rose and Scorpius story. This one I started a while ago and already have a few chapters written so I will try and post them on a weekly basis. Hopefully you enjoy. As always I do not own the characters, they belong to JKR.)Just a warning if you didn't see it in the summary, later chapters will include triggering content that so far includes Rape but may also include other triggering things. I will warn readers when they get to the chapter that includes this content. It was late when Scorpius got back from his rounds, being Head boy he'd volunteered to take the Friday night round, letting the other prefects enjoy their Friday night. He'd left his cloak in the common room he shared with the Head girl, Rose Weasley. An action he was definitely regretting as he felt yet another draft in the cold stone corridor. Finally reaching the shared common room he smiled when he felt the warmth from the fire seep through the thick door.He fumbled with his key; the old fashioned security was a thorn in his side as he stood there, in just his white shirt, sweater vest, tie, and black slacks, shivering more and more with each passing moment. When the key finally unlocked the door he was blasted by the wall of heat that filled up the room. The room was decorated with a mix from both of their house common rooms; green from Slytherin and blue from Ravenclaw. Loosening the green and silver striped tie, Scorpius stepped into the familiar room and immediately felt the heat seep into his clothes, chasing the cold away. It was almost too hot in the room, Scorpius went over to the fireplace, and waving his wand he dimmed the flames.So eager was Scorpius to get into his soft bed that he forgot about the small coffee table that was just behind him. He tripped over the knee-level piece of furniture and nearly fell onto his face. He caught himself, one hand firmly planted on the table, the other on the edge of the couch. When he did that he felt something there but when he looked there was nothing. Looking closer and feeling around he felt the edge of something and immediately figured out what it was. Being friends with Albus Potter he was very familiar with the families' invisibility cloak, a smirk formed on his face as he thought back to all the pranks they'd pulled with it. Curious he pulled back the cloak, revealing a small, frail looking girl with frizzy red curls and sad blue eyes.This was not the Rose Weasley he knew. That girl was strong and confident, maybe not as brash as the rest of her Gryffindor family members but just as courageous. She was beautiful and unbelievably brilliant, her mind rivaling even that of her mother's. The girl sitting on the couch, shivering from something much worse than a little chill, was not someone he recognized. They just stared at each other for a few moments, the silence stretching on and on. Finally Scorpius had enough; he got up and sat on the edge of the coffee table, taking his time to study the girl before him.Rose had always been an attractive girl, her red curls and pretty smile were a daydream to many of her male classmates. That same hair was now unbelievably frizzy, she ran her fingers through it quickly a few times, only making it worse, and that smile, it was hard to believe there'd ever been a smile where those thin lips pressed together so tightly right now. She'd always been skinny and pale, but she looked like a ghost and her upper body shook a bit as she hugged herself tightly. Her eyes had been his favorite part of her, the most striking part as well; the brilliant blue was sparked with curiosity and excitement nearly all the time. But the light had dimmed, dulled till there was only a pale frightened look was left in her wide eyes. There was puffiness around her eyes and the trails of long dried tears were visible on her blotchy, red cheeksScorpius shifted uncomfortably, unsure what to do and concerned by what he saw before him. But he was never good at making people feel better; he could barely help with everyday problems. What he was looking at here was something much worse. He moved to stand up, stopping abruptly when he saw Rose flinch away from him. Sitting back down he tried to soften his looks before leaning forward, elbows resting on his knees."Rose," he said quietly, watching her head snap back up to look at him, "what's wrong?" he asked, his heart beating quickly in anticipation of her answer. What could have possibly happened to frighten her like this?She shook her head side to side slowly, mumbling quietly with her eyes screwed shut. Seeing that she was quickly going into some sort of shock, Scorpius moved to sit next to her on the couch, grabbing her hands and pleading with her to calm down."Rose, what happened?" he asked, afraid of the answer he would get. Only serious trauma could make her act like this."HeHe" she trailed off, a hitch in her throat preventing her from continuing. She hugged her knees to her chest and dug her fingernails into her upper arms. Scorpius started to say something else, another question, but stopped short when he saw her bare arms and legs.Her upper arms had cuts and already forming bruises, on her forearms he could already see the shadows of bruises forming there as well. He realized then that her white blouse had long sleeves, parts had been ripped off, leaving just the buttoned cuffs hanging off her slim wrists. Looking at her legs he saw more bruising, her skirt was crooked and had a huge rip on the side."Rose." Scorpius knew what this was; he knew that if he lost his temper he'd be no help at all. He tried to control his voice, trying desperately not to scare her more than she already was, "We need to get you to the infirmary."Immediately she looked up at him, "No!" she continued in a softer but still shaky voice, "No, nothing is wrongit wasn't anythingI shouldn't have." She trailed off, shaking her head frantically and waving her hands in a similar manner. Scorpius sat dumbstruck; unsure of what to do he wrapped her up in a tight hug, holding her head against his chest. Scorpius wasn't sure how long he sat there holding her, but she kept shaking for a long time, only when she fell asleep did the tremors stop rolling through her body. Shortly after Scorpius scooped her up in his arms, careful not to wake her, and walked as fast as he could down the empty corridors to the infirmary.(A/N: Thanks for reading. If this seems similar to by one Dramione fic "She Can't Know" it probably is but I wrote this one first, but it might just seem similar because I wrote both of them about similar shit, idk. If in later chapters I write something that seems out of place, if any of you have unfortunately been in this situation, please let me know so that I can fix it and properly portray it - this will most likely come into play in later chapters. Please leave me a review so I know how I'm doing. Thanks)
