Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, all the rights belong to J.K Rowling. This story is for entertainment purposes only, I am making no money from this story. I mean I wish I did own it but sadly I don't.Chapter 1: The doorA lot had changed since the war had ended. In only four weeks all the remaining deatheaters had been locked in Azkaban, Hogwarts had been repaired, Kingsley Shacklebolt had been made the permanent minister for magic and the trio were once again back at Hogwarts to complete their schooling. But in reality the golden trio no longer existed. Ginny never left Harry's side, the couple having rekindled their romance, and then there was Draco...It was peculiar, how Draco Malfoy became friendly with Hermione Granger. Draco's trial along with his parents had been held a week after Voldomort had finally been defeated. It had been predicted that Draco would be sent to Azkaban that is if Hermione had not intervened on his behalf.Her compassion had driven her to act; Draco did not deserve to go to prison. Evil his dad might have been but Draco certainly wasn't. He was arrogant, proud and obnoxious but not evil. Draco had been forced into becoming a deatheater and only remained so because he feared for the lives of his family. He had been forced to injure the evil taunting and cruel punishments of Voldomort and in Hermione's eyes he was just another victom of Voldomort's reign of terror.So she had appointed herself Draco's defence and worked night and day to ensure Draco and his mother stayed out of Azkaban. After all if it had not been for Narcissa Harry would have been killed.Draco's attitude towards her had improved dramatically as she had worked in his defence. At first he had been disbelieving that after years of rivalry Hermione would ever consider helping them. But after a short while disbelief had been replaced by gratitude. Conversations between them had been strained at first but Hermione soon found herself, much to her surprise, enjoying Draco's company. It did not take them long to become friends, if friends was what you would call them. They talked, laughed and spent a lot of time together. And Draco had returned with them to start their seventh year half a year to late.Even Narcissa was friendly to her, thankful to the girl for helping her son as well as herself.So there they were again, back at their beloved school.Hermione wasn't sure how Draco would be acting when they returned but he made himself clear the first day back, when he headed straight for the Gryffindor table to have breakfast with Hermione. Much to Pansy's horror he didn't even acknowledge the Slytherins presence."Potter, Weasly," he nodded to them, then turned to Hermione and smiled "Hermione.""Morning Draco, decided not to sit with the snakes then." She smirked in a rather Slytherin way she seemed to have picked up from Draco and Harry laughed besides her."No I decided to sit with my legal council this morning," his amusement at the smirk on his face was evident.Hermione laughed, and then said quietly and seriously. "They're not going to be happy with your friendship with me you know. I'm still a mudblood.""Are you always so blunt Hermione? And yes that did occur to me but I have decided I don't care anymore. If they still believe that after what happened with..." Draco stopped and shuddered involuntarily.Trying to lighten the mood he added, "And have I told you your mood swings are slightly scary."Hermione chuckled again. "Well, well Draco Malfoy I never thought I would hear you say that."This time Draco smirked. "When a person saves you from a life time imprisonment suddenly there blood just doesn't seem to matter."Hermione watched Ron glare at Draco as he said this."How bloody lovely Malfoy. It's a shame you didn't have this little epiphany years ago isn't it."Hermione rolled her eyes. It seemed that Ron and Draco, despite Harry, Hermione and Ginny's protests would always be at each other's throats.Draco raised a blond eyebrow at him and replied smoothly. "Didn't think I was talking to you Weasly," his voice was chilly.Ron narrowed his eyes at him but did not reply. Ron had been in a particularly bad mood the past week. Hermione had ended their relationship a week ago. After their kiss at the final battle Hermione had started to date Ron only to work out that it was not going to work. He and Harry had been her best friends since she was eleven so dating Ron had been the wrong decision for her. She cared about him and felt guilty for upsetting him but he was too much like a brother to her. There were no fireworks.She had gently tried to explain this to Ron but the hurt and anger he felt at her rejection was evident. So three had become five with their little groups new members....The second day of term had begun and Hermione, Draco, Harry and Ron ere making their way to charms."I still don't see why we have to complete our seventh year," grumbled Ron.Draco sneered, "No I suppose you wouldn't would you Weasly. School never really was your strong point was it."Ron had gone beetroot red and Hermione cast Draco a disapproving look, who seemed to be sniggering."I'm cleverer than you Malfoy!""Oh you think Weasly?!""Boys!" Hermione tried to attract their attention."Yes ferret I do!""What did you say Weasel?!" Draco growled at him."I said yes Fer-""Boys!" Hermione yelled over there steadily rising argument.Draco and Ron jumped and Harry who had been watching the pair obviously torn between intervening and laughing turned to look questioningly at her."Jesus Hermione you didn't need to yell," Draco moaned while fiddling with his ear.Hermione just ignored his comment and continued to gaze in wonder. Then she raised a shaking arm and pointed towards it. Following her gaze, the three boys saw what she was staring so intently at... a door."Ummm Mione what's so special about a door?" Harry asked her confused."Can't you feel that?" She murmured, more to herself then anyone.It was like she felt drawn to it, like it had its own gravitational pull. She suddenly had a burning desire to run to it and pull it open."Did you see that?!" The voice belonged not to Hermione but Ginny.She had suddenly come running along the corridor and stood on Harry's other side."It appeared out of know where." Hermione had spoken this time, her eyes slightly glazed."What the bloody hell are you talking about?""The door Ronald, it appeared out of know where."Hermione began to stroll towards the door and she heard the others following behind her."Where do you think it leads to? Do you think it's a secret passageway?" Harry asked sounding excited."There's only one way to find out," Ginny grinned cheekily.Hermione was the first to reach it. It was like nothing she had ever seen at Hogwarts. It was golden and had ancient looking runes set around the edge that Hermione did not recognise. She ran a delicate hand down it and felt a slight tremor run through her. It seemed to be vibrating under her fingers, it seemed almost alive.Whatever it is its old she thought to herself.Grasping its handle Hermione suddenly felt somewhat cautious. Then she felt her other hand being held, she turned round to expecting to see Ron be the one squeezing it gently, only to come face to face with Draco. He had somehow noticed her change in demeanour. How did he notice that? He smiled at her encouragingly and she turned her attention back to the door. She felt Harry, Ron and Ginny behind her before she twisted the handle.It was like a sudden whirlwind had filled the corridor and Hermione felt herself be lifted up into the air. Draco had hold of her hand tightly and she felt the others grab hold of her robes.It felt like she was spinning in circles, there was no air, she couldn't breathe, move or think. Then just as suddenly as it had begun in stopped.She found herself lying on a cold stone floor. Raising her head she realised she was in the same corridor as before but the door was gone. Fighting off the sense of nausea she now had Hermione pulled herself to her feat and helped Ginny do the same."What the hell just happened?" Ginny murmured rubbing her head."Excuse me."The five spun around startled by the interruption."But could you please tell me who you are and what you're doing here."Standing at the end of the corridor with a curious twinkle in his eyes was a rather young and defiantly alive Dumbledore.
