*Now, with this new story, I decided to jump back into the the regular books, but you will notice changes in characters and relationships. And yes, its another Harry harem. Follows the same story as the book, but with changes. Also, it starts after Harry arrives at the Burrow, so no Dursleys :) JK Rowling owns all rights to Harry Potter. Long live JK Rowling! Hope you enjoy!When Harry awoke from the dream, he woke up sweating. He had been having the same dream for weeks and it made him scared. In the dream, he saw an old man walking up the steps of an old home. As the old man stood there at the top, he listened to people. One was called Wormtail, the other was a man in black, and the final one was as pale as the moon. A snake would slither by his leg, scaring him. The snake would approach the pale white figure and speak in an unknown language. The last thing Harry would see, was a flash of green light."Harry?" asked a friendly voice. "You okay Harry?"Harry Potter looked up to see the friendly face of Hermione Granger, his friend since their first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Beside him was Ron Weasley, another one of his friends, who was still sleeping; snoring even."Hermione... bad dream.""The same one, isn't it? The one with Peter Pettigrew?""Yeah...""Well, get up. Mrs. Weasley has breakfast ready." she turned to the sleeping Ron. She grabbed Harry's pillow and smacked Ron in the face with it, waking him up."What the bloody hell?! What you do that for?!" yelled Ron."Had to get your ass up somehow! Your mum has breakfast ready!" she yelled at him before leaving."What the fuck did you do to upset her?" Harry asked."I don-" he stopped and thought. "Bloody hell! I forgot our two month anniversary yesterday! Oh shit...""Dude, how can can you do something like that?""I don't know man. I honestly don't know."When they got dressed, they arrived downstairs to see pancakes, orange juice, bacon, and sausage waiting for them at the table. Sitting there was Ginny, Ron's younger sister, the twins Fred and George, Hermione, Percy, and Mrs. Weasley."Boys, better get some breakfast before its all gone!" said Mrs. Weasley happily.They both sat down without a word. Ron sat by Ginny, who was sitting by Hermione. The bushy haired Gryffindor gave Ron evil looks. Harry was happy he wasn't in a relationship, despite having strong feelings for Ginny and being the Boy Who Lived. After breakfast, the kids grabbed their bags and hoisted them up onto their backs and set off for the outdoors.Today was the day of the Quidditch World Cup. This year, it was Ireland against Bulgaria. Normally, the Weasley's would cheer on Ireland, but Ron had a thing for a Bulgarian player named Viktor Krum, who also happened to still be a student at Durmstrang. Last year, the match went on for five days and Percy was concerned about his work at the Ministry bneing delayed of the match went on for that long. As they walked through the woods, Harry paced forward to Ginny as Ron and Hermione were arguing."Can you believe them?" asked Ginny. "Arguing about a little anniversary. Hell, they haven't been together that long!""Two months." added Harry."Exactly! No need to be fussy over something like that.""Yeah, I guess..." he said quietly."You okay Harry?""Fine," he lied."Harry James Potter, I've known you since I told you 'good luck' at Kings Cross when you were just a First Year! Since then, I've come to known you and I know when you are lying!""It's kinda embarrassing really, to be honest.""Tell me or I will get Fred and George to force it out of you.""Fine, fine!" said Harry, not wanting to be pranked by the twins. "It's just... looking at Ron and Hermione, I can't help but feel jealous. They have a rocky, but good relationship and I haven't even kissed a girl before.""Really?" she asked, being very interested. "Why not? I'm sure being the one who destroyed You-Know-Who, I'd expect you get a lot of females coming at you.""Not really." he admitted. "I'm just scared to talk to girls that's all.""You talk to me and Hermione.""That's 'cause you two are my friends. I'm good around friends. When asking them out directly, that's where it gets a little hard for me.""Well, maybe this school year will be different.""Yeah, I hope so.""ARTHUR!" shouted a voice.They all looked and saw a short man with glasses walking toward them with a tall, handsome teenage boy. Mr. Weasley shook the mans hand and laughed."Everyone, this is Amos Diggory. He works with me at the Ministry." he looked at the boy. "And this strapping man must be Cedric, am I right?""Yes sir," answered Cedric, who took Arthur's hand and shook it."Come!" said Amos. "We have to get to the Portkey quickly!"As they walked, Amos was conversing with the group."You know Arthur, I was telling me wife the other night that Ced will have a story to tell his children one day." said Amos."What's that?" asked Mr. Weasley."The story of how Cedric beat Harry Potter!""Dad," started Cedric. "He fell off his broom. It was during the Dem-""My son, always being modest!"The trio and Ginny didn't want to argue, but knew it was the Dementors fault. They had been around Hogwarts during the Sirius Black escapade, but were back at Azkaban, the wizard prison. Nowadays, Sirius is still on the run, but with Buckbeak the Hippogriff by his side. Occasionally he sends letters, but only in emergencies.When they reached the top of the hill, Harry was confused on why everyone began circling around an old boot. George explained it was a Portkey, an item that could transport you anywhere, as long as it was enchanted. Using one finger, they each touched the boot and were swooped away. Before long, they landed on another hill, but this overlooked a wide camping site with a Quidditch Stadium in the distance."Well kids, welcome to the Quidditch World Cup!" said Mr. Weasley.They began walking through the crowds, seeing all kinds of witches and wizards who came for the big game. Along the way, they saw Seamus Finnegan, Oliver Wood, and a few other friends of theirs. Reaching their tent, Mr. Weasley instructed them to enter. Harry entered and saw amazed that it was far bigger inside then outside."I love magic!" he said to himself."Well, pick a bunk and unpack you lot!" said Mr. Weasley."I call the top!" shouted Fred."I call bottom!" yelled Ginny."You would, wouldn't you, Gin?" smirked George."Ha ha, very funny!""Kids, the match starts in a few hours, so get situated, grab a bite, explore, and meet back here half an hour before hand, got it?"They all nodded. Everyone left... except for Harry and Hermione.*Now, I bet you can expect whats gonna happen next. Hope you enjoyed chapter 1 of my new Potter story. Hope I can upload when I can. Please Review, Follow, and Favorite :)
