A Sirius Black Love Story ~ This Must Be ItChapter 1I lay across three seats in my empty compartment on the Hogwarts Express. I wasn't going to tell James I was here yet. I laughed aloud at the fact that I had spent almost every day with him over the summer, yet my brother still didn't know that I was going to the same school as him. I kept laughing as I watched the people passing my compartment window. Suddenly I saw a boy who looked about my age pass my compartment looking in and stopped. Our eyes connected and I felt tingle rush down my spine. He had a group of friends behind him and I recognised the wild hair of my brother. This boy must be Sirius, my brother's best friend. I heard my brother's impatient voice say "Padfoot is there room in there or not?" The boy replied "Yeah. Sorry Prongs." Oh my Gosh! My brother's nickname was Prongs! THAT was something he forgot to tell me. Along with how hot his friend was. Suddenly the door was flung open and four boys pushed themselves through the door. One of course was James, another was who I assumed to be Sirius strode in like he owned the place, out of the two behind them, one was buried behind a book and the other was trailing along behind looking like he didn't know why or how he was there. Once they were in the compartment, James turned around and our eyes locked. James stopped dead at the sight of me. I laughed aloud at the dumbstruck look on his face. His friends seemed to sense something was wrong and stood still looking at us. I decided to break the silence. "Hey big bro." The boy I assumed to be Sirius broke down laughing and the one carrying the book grinned behind its pages. James started spluttering "W-w-wha h-how? WH-why?"I let him get it all out and then, smiling sweetly, said "Why what big bro?" Sirius actually doubled over laughing and James punched him and seemed to find his voice. "Why are you here?" He said shakily, as if he were afraid of the answer."Do you want me to leave? Because sorry bro, but the train's moving and I was in the compartment first." I said, still smiling sweetly."No, it's just I didn't know you were coming to Hogwarts this year, that's all." James said. After a slight cough from (assumed) Sirius, he spoke again "Oh yeah, Kate, these are my friends, Sirius" He said pointing at the black-haired boy I had assumed to be Sirius. (Called it!) "Remus." He said pointing at the brown-haired boy buried behind his book. He looked up at me and gave an acknowledging nod of his head. "And Peter." The small, timid boy looked up at the sound of his name. My first thought was that his face looked rather like that of a rat. He only managed to stutter "h-h-h-hi" before running from the compartment. "Sorry about him." Sirius said lifting up my feet and placing them on his lap. "He has a weak bladder when he's among beautiful women." I grinned but then caught sight of my brother staring at Sirius with a look of deepest loathing on his face. I blinked and looked back again and the look was gone. 'Strange.' I thought.About half way through the journey a pretty blonde girl poked her head through the compartment door. "Hi Sirius. Want to come and sit in our compartment?" She said, looking as though her life depended on him saying yes. "Sorry Mandy. I'll stick around here for a while I think." He said grinning at me."Oh." She said looking distraught. "Okay. We'll save you a seat in case you change your mind." She then got out of the compartment at a snail's pace, seeming to think that, if she stayed for long enough, Sirius might change his mind. As soon as she had closed the door I burst out laughing. "Okay that is DEFINITELY something that never happened at my old school. Explain please.""Sirius is what you'd call a man whore." Said James automatically. I burst out in fresh laughter whilst Sirius punched him in the arm. "I am NOT a man whore." He said. "It's not my fault that the girls can't resist the Padfoot charm." He ended with a cocky smile on his face. "I bet Kate could resist the old Padfoot charm." James said confidently with half a smile at me. "Ok." Said Sirius. "It's a bet. If Kate can resist my charms for one whole year, I'll give you 50 galleons." He smirked at me. "But if the beautiful Kate can't resist my charms (James gave a slight shudder) then you will have to give me 50 galleons." I looked at them both and saw Remus looking over his book to watch everyone's expression. James looked at me asking the question with his eyes. "Fine!" I said after an awkward pause. "I'll bite. Let's do this bet."
