Disclaimer: I own nothing about Harry Potter or the Universe J K Rowling created. An Enlightened Universe, a Harry Potter story.PrologueThe golden leaves lay trodden into the pavement as the glow of the sun left the quiet Privet Drive. It had been, for the most part, an ordinary day in Surrey. There was the usual annoyance of traffic jams, late postmen and the weather was definitely turning colder; conversations in the street grew shorter as people rushed back into the refuges of a warm home or a tepid work.For Mr Dursley of N.O 4 Privet Drive however, it had been and would prove to be one of the worst days of his life. First of all, the morning news was full of reports of fireworks, fires and explosions in general, all of which were placed firmly into the disproval part of his mind."Ruddy kids," he mumbled as he left his comfy chair, shaking his head in frustration that less of the world followed what he knew to be proper.After receiving a sharp peck from his wife and a fist in his face from attempting to do the same to his little boy, he left his home determined to at least ensure that his family would hold fast against all this 'modern rubbish' as Petunia had so soundly put it. So great was his haste to get to his office that morning, he never once glanced up skywards. Had he done so, he might have crashed the car in shock. For in the sky that morning there had been hundreds and hundreds of owls of all kinds flying around.Mr Dursley wasn't one for looking out of windows and contemplating, so he missed the resulting chaos that happened that day.Aside from the owls everywhere, there were also a curious bunch of what he would have deemed 'weirdo's' wandering around in what appeared to be dazed shock. All had massive smiles plastered across their faces and were threatening to break out into song and dance at any moment. They were odd these people. Passers-by often did a double take at the large, ungainly robes that hung off these strangers; their massive and colourful hats that tapered to points also raised a few comments.Fortunately, the odd, curious people were just that, no more. When the police eventually checked out the large collections of people, they were hugged, handshake and complimented to such a degree many left the scene in a dazed and confused, but not altogether unhappy state. The people of Surrey, of everywhere in Britain where these people had turned up, merely decided that the strangers were agreeable if a little disturbing.They hoped they would go away in due course.However, being a dedicated sort of individual, Mr Dursley saw none of this until he came down to drive home. On top of his car was a singular owl which seemed to have been waiting for him to arrive. Mr Dursley was at once stunned and enraged at the single act of defiance against him in the past twenty years.His loud "Shoo!" was greeted with a distained look from the owl, which proceeded to ruffle her feathers, defecate on the bonnet and fly off.The windows on Mr Dursley's car were frosted over on the inside on the ride home. Mrs Dursley spotted the signs of a rant building in his bulging cranial vein and quickly defused him with talking about their son.The bad news continued for the Dursley family. The news that evening built upon the bonfire that day and informed them that the fireworks had increased in intensity, the parliaments of owls were causing untold amounts of waste across the county and the strangers in town were in fact spread all over the country in a weird publicity stunt that had seemingly finished at this point. To a prim and proper family such as theirs, the information that the whole of England had been 'invaded' by these sorts of people, people who looked suspiciously like their secret (and shameful) in-laws, it was enough to force both to an early bed, praying to god that their troubles would soon be over.How foolish they were.The leaves swirled outwards due to a sudden and unexplained wind. Whilst they were settling, an old man in a ridiculously long purple cloak glided over them at with vigour surprising for one of his advanced years. Observing the street sign, he smiled and from the folds of his cloak produced THE PUTTER-OUTER, which proceeded to do just that with every lamp in the street.It was very dark now, dark enough to hide everything that happened outside from everyone inside.Indeed, it was too dark, as the man found out when he stubbed his toe on the low brick wall he appeared next to. Chuckling at his own mistake at being overly cautious, he took out a long thin stick from his sleeve- no, not a stick, it was crafted, cut and emanating a soft hum even as he withdrew it. Professor Albus Dumbledore, for of course that was the old man's name, held aloft the wand and softly illuminated the street in a small but recognisable glow. Satisfied, he approached a tawny cat who at had been watching the proceedings with both consternation and a flash of amusement."Professor McGonagall," he said respectfully, inclining his head.The cat shifted in but a moment and became a serious looking woman who viewed her surroundings with disdain."Professor Dumbledore," she said back, as the two walked slowly towards N.O 4 with a hesitation in each of their footsteps as both recognised the enormity of this day and their decision."Is it true, Albus? Is he, You-Know-Who really gone?" McGonagall asked, seeming to disbelieve anything so extraordinarily wonderful unless he confirmed it.Albus gravely bowed his head and answered "It is indeed true Minerva, perhaps only for now, Lord Voldemort has been defeated. The Potter's however" he tapered off as both held back tears.The Potters had almost all fallen. Both parents were dead along with the rest of the family, taken earlier in the war. However, that still left"Harry?" McGonagall asked with trepidation."It appears, for a few reasons, that he is alive and well. I have no proven facts about the case but my guesses in this regard shall serve us for now. Lilly Potter cast herself in front of her child. This sacrifice saved him from the killing curse that followed, casting Voldemort from the house. He is not dead yet, Minerva. Will he die in due course? Perhaps, but until we have conformation, we must ensure Harry's safety."The old Headmaster of Hogwarts sighed after explaining all of this. Once he would have held onto all of these secrets and confidently assumed he was right. However the war had gone on for too long, too many people had died because of his mistakes. Perhaps he was all the better for it. Regardless, he now had to place Harry Potter into the 'care' of his relatives.McGonagall apposed this with a furious outcry, "Albus! We cannot leave him here; they are the worst type of MugglesI know, I know we cannot really have him in the wizarding world just yet. Being who he is would ruin him if he were exposed to all this all his life."She sighed. "Is this our only option?" she said softly now.Dumbledore was stricken with self-doubt but could see little alternative, at least for now.He didn't want to interfere with these people's minds butperhaps a sub conscious message? 'Do not physically harm Harry Potter' should suffice. Dumbledore could see the problems with this plan, the Dursleys could still starve or lock him awayhe would just have to ensure Harry could be watched by one of his own.Yesthis could work. The headmaster's thoughts progressed in this way in such a short amount of time. McGonagall looked at him with hope as she saw his mind at work. If anyone could solve this problem, he could.Professor Dumbledore looked up suddenly as a loud groan and a bang echoed around the street. Seconds later, a humungous motor bike with a man three times its size on it landed on the tarmac, wheels screeching in protest as the engines revved towards the waiting pair. Dumbledore's strange stick flicked and the sound that had now become a roar was muted to a soft purr."Hagrid," he said with a curious tint to his voice, "how did you get Sirius's bike?"Hagrid the giant stepped down from the bike with a bundle of blankets in his arms."Professor Dumbledore sir, Professor McGonagall," he began, nodding to both as they nodded back, "Young Sirius Black gave his bike to me when he saw what 'appened to the house. He jus' checked on little Harry hear then left. Poor kid" the large man began howling with sadness at this point."Easy Hagrid," McGonagall said, gingerly patting his elbow.Dumbledore took the baby wrapped in the blankets and stared in shock at the large and unnatural scar slashed into his forehead."Albus, could youdo something about that?" McGonagall said, gesturing towards the bloody scar.She saw the look he was giving to it, his patented concentrated expression. Something was not right here.Internally, Dumbledore was confused as to why there was so much dark magic hidden in the mark. Surely the curse would not leave so muchunlessThe night had suddenly become sharp and cold and he was now wondering what on earth Voldemort was trying to accomplish. Suddenly, the monster hidden in the world was all the more threatening.He snapped back to reality and briefly closed his eyes. The plan would continue, but now it was imperative that Harry have little contact with the wizarding world. The Ministry would tear him apart to figure out what was in his head. He reassured himself that this arrangement would only last as long as...The baby stirred in his sleep and Albus Dumbledore quickly but gently laid him down on the welcome mat in front of the door. Dumbledore gave him a letter to grasp onto, explaining what he hoped would be an adequate reason for these events. He would return later, once he has researched this matter more closely, to explain more fully what was best for Harry. Once more the stick was in his hands. The letter sparkled gold for a moment. Also, a peculiar but most pleasant feeling of warmth hung in the air surrounding the blankets. The infant fell into a more deeper sleep. The old man stood up straight and rapped smartly on the door."Well, that is all I can do for the moment," Dumbledore sighed again as he strode back to where the other professor and Hagrid were watching."Hagrid, I am sure I shall see you later this week at Hogwarts. Professor" he inclined, before walking back along the street, releasing the light back into the lamps as he did so.The warm glow seemed to change the mood somewhat. Now Dumbledore and the others were hoping beyond hope that they would not live to regret what they had done. Harry shifted slightly in his blankets, unknowingly the saviour, and greatest hope for a world that had just cast him away from them.His aunt's scream that met him in a few minutes sufficed to sum up the next ten years of his existence.Author's noteAnd there you go. My first chapter in my first fanfic. I do hope you enjoyed it. Please review and respond. As for where this story is going, basically everyone is going to behave a little bit more intelligently in this story than they did in the books, (there probably won't be much reference to the films here) and Dumbledore, Ron and Ginny won't be as infuriating as they were. This first part will follow the cannon fairly closely, but from the end of HPaPS, who knows what will happen?
