Hi there, this is my first Fanfic so please go easy on me. I've not written any story or anything since I was in school so we're looking 2/3 years since I've written anything like this.To start I am going to say firstly I am not actually a huge Harry Potter fan. I've only recently discovered theses fanfics. I'm a huge Dramione shipper. So If you don't like that please don't read any further into this. Rated M as there will be smut in later chapters. I do not own the characters, all rights are to JK Rowling.This chapter is setting the scene explaining the females thoughts that led her to her decision. The war had impacted Hermiones life hugely, it had set her back in many aspects everyone had expected her to go off with Ron and be happy. In true she didn't want to be with Ron in that aspect, yes she loved him but not like that he was too much of a brother to her and that really did show in the kiss they shared.The young female broke the news to the red head a week later, that in fact she didn't see him in that light. It had cost her their friendship and it was then she made the choice to return to her parents and not go back to Hogwarts.Thankfully the female had some savings which were just enough for her one way ticket to Australia, she restored her parents memories and had decided that this was the place she wanted to stay, she didn't know if it was for forever but for now it seemed like home. It was home.It was all she had left, Harry had tried to convince her to stay, to come back in the hope that her an Ron could find a mutual ground but Hermione just ignored his owls she hadn't announced her leaving she'd just left there one day gone the next.Two years had passed, and she really had grown to muggle life often not evening thinking to her time in Hogwarts yes she had enjoyed her time there but she was just a 'mud blood' and didn't belong. It took her seven years to realize it, the taunts from none other than Draco Malfoy still hurt her to this day. All the young lady had ever wanted was to fit in and she'd never been allowed to, with Ron and Harry all she did was mother the two boys and have to sort them out but at the time she'd only been eighteen she wanted to live a little and couldn't too captivated in the lifestyle of being that perfect example being the best one there. At least here in Sydney she could finally be free and away from it all, there was no one she needed to mother she could just be your average twenty year old woman.Well except for one thing.She was still set in her mind that she had to wait for the right guy, she hadn't met anyone who had swept her off her feet so much to her dismay she was still a virgin. Granted she'd had her fair share of kissing and had a few late nights out on the beach but it has never got more than a kiss, she was scared to. Ashamed.In the muggle world she had become a very successful nurse having spoken to the Ministry of Magic and managed to get things sorted so she only had one year of university left, with the Ministry on side she had impressed her parents in her choice after all they were both still successful dentists and now their child seemed 'human' again living her day to day life as a muggle.December was approaching when the female finally decided she should try and go back to England, to London to be specific see if anyone even remembered she existed to see how her friends were getting on with their lives. Well she hadn't spoken to anyone in two years she didn't even know if she could call them her friends but it seemed right to.She could easily use the thought of snow as a reason to go home. Wait, did she really still think that was home? Maybe it was all of just a lie and an escape to come here.Her flight was booked for the first of December the female was finally started to look forward to things. It was only while she was packing her belongings did she really remember she was a wizard again. She opened a draw and smiled as she seen her wand in there, it seemed like such a dream a fantasy that she had once been at Hogwarts, the brightest witch of her age. A smile crossed her lips as she put it into the suitcase. Just in case.
