Summary: A Romantic Drama, which will most likely be Novella length - but it depends on the readers.Disclaimer: Everything you recognize belongs to JK Rowling, and this story and it's original characters are mine. Contact before reproduction.Pairing: Draco/HermioneRating: T, unless advised otherwise.A/N: This story is a loose sequel to 'The Long Tunnel to Azkaban', but reading the previous story is not required and the writing is notably different I think. As promised this first chapter is included at the end of 'Tunnel to Azkaban' for all those that followed. Check my tumblr site (address in profile) for updates.In response to the poll question: In 'The Long Tunnel to Azkaban', how long will Draco and Hermione last as a couple? The results were a little surprising. The overwhelming 1st choice at 58% was 'Happily ever after', but the clear number two choice at 29% was the shortest selection of 'two days'. Go figure.If it turns out that you like this story, please tell your friends about it. Overall - reader feedback will determine the length.thanks. G.S.And Wake Me With The Morning Light'What matters in life is not what happens to you - but what you remember, and how you remember it.'- Gabriel Garca Mrquez1. HermioneHermione had decided that no matter how many books she read, they never helped with problems regarding the opposite sex. Ginny once said this was poetic justice, but Hermione couldn't see the justice in it anywhere. She had always known that Draco Malfoy didn't check all the right boxes, but she'd plunged headlong into a relationship with the wizard nonetheless. Deciding not to sweat it and taking life one day at a time, she'd consoled herself that they were only dating. But then a most peculiar thing happened; the blonde haired hunk had asked her hand in marriage, and in spite of all the whistles going off in her head she found the most unbelievable words coming out of her mouth... Yes.But now, with her romantic response beginning to worry her, Hermione thought it prudent to take a chance on professional help. She had made an appointment to see a practitioner of divination. Madam Vail was considered a talented pythoness and an expert in matters of love and marriage. Draco had kept her a few minutes extra this morning and that, along with the bumpy cobblestones along Diagon Alley, was not helping her keep her nine o'clock appointment.After pausing to greet a few of the early shoppers, Hermione was nearing the alley entrance to Madam Vail's salon. Her small studio was nestled behind the stationary shoppe. Tentatively, Hermione stepped up several stone steps to the black enameled door and reached for a silver door knocker in the shape of a crescent moon. After one more deep breath she rapped on the door several times.After a few moments, an oily smooth latch clicked inside and the door cracked open. Quite below waist level stood a house-elf with one hand on the door defensively and the other on the frame. He was wearing a midnight blue pillowcase decorated with white stars. On his head was a pointed wizard's hat in matching midnight blue."Can I help you?" he croaked."I have an appointment to see Madam Vail  at nine o'clock," Hermione replied, in a fragile voice."Very well  follow me please," the elf instructed and opened the door wide and backed away from the frame. He led Hermione into a small sitting room with a couch and two padded chairs, all circling a dark, mahogany looking, coffee table. There was a sliver dish of teacakes on the table."Would you like coffee or tea, Madam?""Ah... coffee please," she replied, and the house-elf nodded obsequiously and disappeared. She had hoped to see Madam Vail right away, but knew little of the habits of divinationists. The only other one she had ever known was Sybill Trelawney. Unfortunately thoughts of Professor Trelawney were troubling and made Hermione feel uneasy. The walls of the sitting room were covered with a satiny finish of silver-grey and cluttered with framed pictures. The pictures all appeared to depict divinationists of the recent and long past. Some were peering deeply into crystal balls and others dressed in such a fashion as to clearly indicate their occupation. The costumed elf returned, carefully wielding a large metal serving tray with coffee, cups, sugar, and cream."Do you take cream and sugar Miss?" he asked as he poured her a cup.Hermione nodded. "Yes please."The house-elf unrolled a serviette and produced two teaspoons. With delicate care and precision he spooned a rounded teaspoon of sugar into her cup and added cream from a small pitcher. Leaving both within Hermione's reach, he left the room.Many minutes and two cups of coffee later, Hermione fidgeted in her chair. She had carefully examined all the pictures and wondered if any of the subjects were relation to Madam Vail. Since she had never met the witch, she could only guess. Almost ready to ask the house-elf if there was a problem, she heard soft footfalls entering the room.Madam Vail appeared to float across the room with small footsteps. A tall witch with longish features, she had a pretty face and raven black hair adorned with ribbon-wide streaks of platinum. She was wearing layers of black chiffon and appeared much younger than Hermione had imagined. She had a warm smile that was totally infectious."Good morning Hermione," she said and extended her hand."Good morning," echoed Hermione, briefly taking the witch's hand."I'm so late  please forgive me."Hermione smiled but said nothing. Madam Vail waved toward the chair, and Hermione returned to her seat. She moved gracefully toward the couch, opposite Hermione."Tell me, how's Kingsley? Haven't seen him in an age.""Oh, very good I suppose. I don't see him too much myself these days," Hermione replied. "Not since I've moved.""Moved? You're still with the Ministry?""Oh yes  just changed departments," she quickly added.Madam Vail smiled with relief. It was a warm smile; an all over smile that included her eyes. It was as if she could see the good in you and reveled at the sight of of it."How do you like your new job?" she asked. Hermione was a little surprised by the small talk."Well, it's still very new, but I'm sure I'll enjoy it as I get to work for the benefit of magical animals.""That sounds wonderful Hermione," she said and reached for a cup and then the tea. Only when she had poured a cup and sampled it did she look up to resume the conversation."Well, it doesn't sound like you have any employment issues. Tell me a little about the rest of your life.""The rest of my life?""Yes, are you seeing someone? Is there someone special?" she asked with inviting eyes."Yes  very much," Hermione answered flatly."Are you seeing a lot of this person or is this...""Yes, I've been seeing a wizard for some time," Hermione injected. "And he's recently asked me to marry him.""Oh, well that's great to hear  you see I've had clients lately where the love affair is rather one sided. Particularly troublesome when dealing with the future  but back to you. Did you accept his offer?""Yes.""I see  so you're engaged then. To whom my dear?"Hermione paused and replied in a fragile voice."Draco Malfoy."Madam Vail paused, ever so casually. She swallowed as if the news wouldn't go down."The Malfoy's from Wiltshire?""Yes... that's the ones.""I see," Madam Vail replied, successfully squelching any reaction. "Tell me  how's that going, you and Draco?""Interesting," she replied and they both laughed.Madam Vail made another show of sipping tea for a few moments and then set the cup softly back on the table."So Hermione, how did you two... find one another? If you don't mind me asking?""Of course not. It was last summer really. Draco was sentenced to a public service duty for his uh... oh, lets just say for being Draco. To make a long story short, the person assigned to be his case officer turned up ill. I had known Draco from Hogwarts of course, but we had always been bitter of enemies. When Kingsley asked me to fill in for Cynthia I made him swear it would only be temporary."Madam Vail smiled as if she already knew where the story was going."We met every two weeks to review Draco's performance. We started in my office, which was time consuming and then we changed the meeting to over lunch  in the Ministry Canteen, of course.""Of course," echoed the divinationist.Hermione paused to get more coffee. After she refilled and had a short sip, she resumed the story."Draco complained about the food in the Canteen," she said and blushed slightly. "So reluctantly, I agreed to go out for lunch."Hermione addressed her coffee again."After a while, I began to realize that he was interesting, amusing, a bit unpredictable, and daring. But most of all, he could be human, and that was something I'd never expected," she concluded and slapped her knees with her palms. "Draco wanted to date. I still thought it would be a bad idea, but he was very persistent.""That an very interesting story Hermione. It's curious but it often happens that when we discover the very core of someone, and it's not what we thought, it makes us feel closer to them.""Yes I suppose that's true," Hermione agreed and placed her forefinger to her temple to extract a reluctant thought. "But we're not a match made from heaven."Few if any ever are Hermione."Hermione nodded."Of course, but I have some troubling thoughts and quite a few concerns.""What are they dear?""We're not very alike, Draco and me. We don't have similar interests and concerns. Our values are different on so many levels. It's our background I think. You see Draco was brought up with little to no practical concerns. Just the other morning, I found a favorite tea towel in the dustbin. One given to me by my mother many years ago when I was young. You see in those days, I was always looking for a way to help, so Mum gave me a colorful tea towel to dry the dishes she was washing. I was so short, I had to stand on a stool to reach the sink."Madam Vail nodded and smiled as if she could visualize the scene."Well, this simple act became a mother-daughter bonding thing really. I continued to help mum with the dishes until she and dad moved to Australia, and I had often thought, if I could be blessed with a daughter I would pass it along."Hermione paused again to reach for the coffee."Well," she continued. "This is what I explained to Draco the first time he threw it in the dustbin. I thought he would understand, but...when he did again I knew.""You knew?" Madam Vail repeated."Yes. I knew Draco didn't understand and never would. He could never see how a old and threadbare towel could have any value when a new one would do just as well. It's just the way he was brought up.""I see," Madam Vail replied and reached for her tea. "Have you spoken to Draco about this?""After the first time, yes, but not again because it's not a big thing," she said, shaking her head. "It's just an example really. I'm a soul consumed with practical concerns while Draco has very few."Hermione cleared her throat and continued. "His mother doesn't approve of our relationship on any level. She's threatened to cut him off. Draco really needs to find work, but so far he hasn't found any and doesn't appear to be too concerned about it. This make me worried for our future. I mean  I wonder sometimes if we have one."Madam Vail wrinkled her nose. "I see," she replied and smoothed tiny wrinkles from the layers of chiffon in her lap. "It sounds like you have some legitimate concerns. Do you request a seeing?""Yes, I think so," Hermione replied with a deep nod."Very good Hermione  just let me tell you this before we move to the seeing room. At first thought, many would assume that looking into their own future would be a grand thing. Sometimes it's not. Sometimes we're much better off discovering life as it comes to us. Do you understand the point I'm trying to make?""Yes," replied Hermione. "I think I do, but I simply must know this marriage has a chance.""I understand. Come this way please," spoke Madam Vail, and she gently rose to escort Hermione to the seeing room.The 'seeing' room was just down a small corridor from the parlor. The room was dark as a tomb and Madam Vail entered first. With a wave of her hand and a short incantation that Hermione couldn't make out, several large silver candelabras and sconces scattered about the room came to life with candlelight. The room was finished in a black satin-like cover and contained a single table and two chairs.Madam Vail directed Hermione to the table. It was a small table just big enough for two. It had a plush black cover and sat directly under a crystal chandelier. The chandelier looked to be on fire as every facet directed light from the many candles in the room. In the middle of the table was a large metallic dish several feet in diameter. The dish was reflective like chromium and filled with water or some other clear liquid.From somewhere beneath the layers of chiffon, Madam Vail produced a small pair of silver scissors."If you could cut a few short strands of your hair, my dear?"Hermione nodded and cut a inch of hair from a conveniently hanging strand. Holding the strand by her thumb and forefinger, she gently gave the hair to Madam Vail. The pythoness sprinkled the hair into the large metallic dish and reached again into her clothing to produce a small decorative vial with a glass stopper. Madam Vail unstoppered the vial and poured it's sapphire blue contents into the chromium disk. The blue liquid darted through eddies and currents as if uncomfortable in it's new environment then disappeared into a small mist that gently rose from the water's surface and drifted away.Madam Vail's grey eyes glinted quicksilver as she peered deeply into the water, far below the focus level of the surface. She bent down and labored over the surface for quite some time, occasionally waving her hand over the water to coax a vision to appear. Hermione sat there helplessly, trying to help but not knowing how. Finally with one dismissive wave, Madam Vail sat straight up and exhaled deeply."I'm afraid Hermione," she said, rolling over the words slowly, "I can't see a thing. It's quite unusual, but it happens.""Oh." Was all Hermione could muster. After all of that, she was no more better off than when the left her flat this morning."I won't charge you for this session," Madam Vail announced. "If things are troubling you in a few weeks from now, please feel free to come back.""Thank you  I will.""Hermione let me ask you a simple question?""Sure.""Do you love him?""Yes. I do.""Good. That's a good place to start. Remember this: there are no perfect people. Only those perfect for one another."Returning to work, Hermione went through the motions for the remainder of the day, but she could never get the visit with Madam Vail out of her mind. Did the divinationist really fail to see her future, or was it so bad she couldn't reveal it? As Hermione often did when things were troubling her, or she needed time to think, or just veg out for a while, she would take the train home from work. It was a time between work and fixing dinner for Draco that was entirely her own. For that reason and for that reason alone, it was special.Changing into a comfortable pair of jeans and throwing on a loose fitting Tee, Hermione glanced through the evening edition of the Daily Prophet before starting dinner. She was almost done reading the paper and there was still no signs of Draco. She quickly warmed up soup and made sandwiches from leftover roast beef. She filled a bowl with a new bag of crisps and wondered where the hell her fiance had gotten off to.Before the thought left her head, she heard a key in the door (something they both did in case neighbors were watching) and the latch turning obediently. As nonchalant as always, Draco entered and headed toward the couch."What's cooking love?" he asked with an impish grin and as he plopped down on the couch. He never changed into casual at the end of the day. Apparently it was a Malfoy thing that made little to sense to her."I was about to give up on you."It was Draco's turn not to reply, and he grabbed up the paper and plopped down on the couch. This behavior was a little out of protocol. Normally when Hermione had food on the table he would saunter by and give her a kiss  sometimes casual and sometimes playfully passionate."Are you eating?" she asked with a touch of frustration. "I expected you a while ago.""Yeah, give me a minute. Not hungry yet," he replied without looking up from the paper."All right. How was your day?" she pressed on and guessed by his mannerisms it was probably a disappointing one."Ah, more of the same really. No one's hiring  that's for sure.""I wish we could find you something at the Ministry," Hermione added while blowing on a spoonful of hot soup."Are you kidding? A Malfoy at the Ministry. That'll be the day.""Don't see why not  you're semi-respectable now," she teased."Now that I'm with you?" he replied and dropped the paper."Yeah, that's right," she added, playfully.Draco pulled himself up from the couch and drifted into the kitchen. His eyes were a little pink. He plopped down at the table and reached for a handful of crisps. He slowly ate through the pile of crisps and Hermione suspected he'd found a pub on the way home.."I tried to ring you today  for lunch," he finally managed."Yeah.""Yeah. Thought I'd ask you for lunch, but they said you were out."Hermione quickly stuffed a bite of sandwich into her mouth. Draco looked up to see why she didn't answer."Well  were you out," he persisted.Hermione nodded while chewing."I'm sorry I missed you," she said with food still in her mouth.Draco hung on the words, obviously wanting more."Okay, sure. Would you mind if I asked where you were?"Hermione started to reach for another bite of sandwich but then put down the food. They looked at one another for a moment or two that seemed much longer."No, you can ask?"Draco returned a look of animated frustration."Never mind," he said and started to rise."I went to visit Madam Vail  in Diagon Alley."Draco settled back down in his chair."Madam Vail  who's she?""A divinationist.""A seer? You went to see a seer?""Yes.""Why Hermione?"Hermione paused on the question. As Draco's voice began to rise she realized he'd found a pub on the way home."For us  of course.""Why do we need a divinationist?" he asked, shaking his head."I just thought  she might be able to help us. I'm sorry if it bothers you.""It doesn't bother me  I just don't understand it.""I know Draco. I know you don't, and that's part of why I went."Again Draco shook his head and reflected bewilderment."What are you talking about?""We're so unalike in so many ways Draco. I was just hoping she could help.""We're unalike?""Yes  we are," she pleaded."Hermione, I have a question. I hate to  but I need to ask."She bit her lip and braced for the question."Do you still love me?""Of course Draco."He looked at her through squinted eyes."Somehow I'm having trouble with that  that answer.""I love you  okay?"At this she jumped up and went to the blonde wizard. She pulled his head into her bosom and looked him in the eyes."My love for you is not your problem Draco."Draco stiffened up and then leaned back casually."Okay, what's my problem?""Where do I begin? Your mum is about to cut you off if you go through with this marriage. You haven't been able to find work in weeks. And my job at the Ministry won't pay for all this," she said and waved her arms about the flat and then the food. "And that's just for starters.""Well, how did you get by before... before me?" he asked."You know I changed departments  to get away from Ron. Well, this new job doesn't pay as much.""Oh." he said and dipped his head. He looked up as if struck by a realization. "Look, I know mum is pissed, but I don't think she'll cut me off. Not for too long that is. I don't think she can. It's not just her you see.""It's not just her? Are talking about your dad? He's in Azkaban and your mum's in control of the estate.""She won't  she can't, I tell you.""Well, maybe. But she's not helping now. That's for sure."Draco threw his hands up as if to say okay, enough is enough."Well, what did she say?" he asked."Who?""The seer of course  what did she say?""She didn't. She couldn't see anything. Will you come back over here and get something to eat?""I hope she didn't charge too much.""She didn't charge anything at all," she replied with a mouthful of crisps."Granger, come here," he commanded playfully while standing by the sink. Hermione put on a show of animated frustration but jumped out of her seat. She stood inches from the wizard and waited."I'll talk to mother tomorrow. I know in my heart  I know she's got to lighten up. She just has to."Hermione nodded in agreement."And I'll talk with Hippocrates Smethwyck at St Mungos. He's an old family friend and he owes us a favor. I'm sure he can find me something to do at the hospital.""Well, that's great Draco.""We can't have you spending any more money with seers," he went on and ran his hands inside her Tee shirt and along her back.Hermione sighed, and then found her lips fumbling to find his.Three Weeks LaterHermione sat restlessly waiting for an appointment to see the Minister for Magic. She hadn't spoken with him since she left Law Enforcement for the Department of Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. She absentmindedly thumbed through a copy of Witch Weekly but couldn't land on anything that really grabbed her attention. The door to Kingsley's office cracked open. Muffled voices could be heard and the door went full open. Tracy Tolly, the new secretary for the Minister came around the corner with a professional smile in powder blue robes."The Minister will see you now Hermione.""Thanks Tracy," she replied and tossed the copy of Witch Weekly back on the table. Tracy smiled genuinely this time and returned to her desk. She had been working as Kingsley's secretary for less than a year and already had an abundant collection of colorful bespoke work-robes. Hermione worked a year before she could afford her first. It had been rumored Tracy was from a well-to-do family and really didn't need the money the Ministry paid her. She was a cute blonde with huge blue eyes. When Ron and her had broken up, the word got around that Ron had been chatting up Tracy pretty hard.Kingsley Shacklebolt had done pretty well for himself as Minister for Magic. After the war ended he was able to land Harry, Ron, and Neville as Aurors. Crime was at an all time low. Business along Diagon Alley was booming and the Governors were pleased with his work. Stepping past the leather padded door and into Kingsley's office was like visiting her great aunt's sitting room. The warm wooden walls had been darkened with age and Kingsley's incessant pipe smoking. The far wall was entirely of shelves. They were stocked full of books on wizarding law, court cases, and records from foreign Ministries and Magical Departments from around the world. The centerpiece was a huge mahogany desk with a green bankers lamp. Since Kingsley had not invited her and this visit was not concerning any business of his, he wouldn't be smoking his pipe. But if the visit was official business, and particularly business of his, then one would likely find him puffing away.Hermione headed straight away to the large leather chair adjacent from the front of Kingsley's desk,"Good morning Minister," she greeted."Morning Hermione," he replied and casually tossed a report he's been reading into a pile. "How's life in D.R.C.M.C.?""Oh, pretty good," she replied and smiled at his use of the acronym. "Still getting used to it really.""Well let me know when you're ready to return to Law Enforcement."Hermione chuckled at this."I will." She replied and settled down in the chair comfortably and crossed her legs."So what can I do for you this morning?"She cleared her throat and spoke in a somewhat frail voice."I need a favor sir  a big one.""Okay. What is it?""I need more money."Kingsley laughed. "Well, it never hurts to ask. How much more?" he said as he fiddled with his pipe."Twenty to twenty five percent more. I could get by on twenty but twenty five would make it easier."Now Kingsley had a firm grip on the bowl of the pipe and was tapping the stem on his desktop."Uhmmm, that's a significant amount Hermione. Especially since you're out of Law Enforcement. You were aware of the change in salary when you transferred?""Yes sir," she said and dropped her head. "But some things have changed.""I'll say. So what's going on?""I'm married.""We were all rather shocked to hear that. Unannounced and small wasn't it  the wedding?""Yes sir, with just his best friend and mine. We really felt it would work out best that way. Not everyone is happy about this marriage."Kingsley chuckled, stifled it, then smiled."I understand. It was big news in the wizarding world. Quite a few are still trying to get their head around it. But anyway," he went on and waved his hand dismissively, "you're an intelligent girl Hermione, and I know you know what you're doing."Hermione blushed at that. She knew she had no idea what she was doing."But Hermione," he said, as if suddenly aware. "Draco's family is well-to-do?""Yes sir  of course, but it's Narcissa. She's threatened to cut Draco off entirely and right now she's not allowing him to draw from his trust fund.""Why?" he asked. "Because of you?""Well of course sir. She's furious Draco would even think of marrying a Muggle born."Kingsley shook his head and grimaced."That evil witch. I always thought we should have thrown her in Azkaban to keep Lucius company. To think we fought a war on that and these archaic practices still persist.""I know sir  it's awful, but that's where I'm at, and right now Draco and I are having a bit of a hard time.""I'm sorry to hear that Hermione. I really am. But twenty five percent  I don't know. The governors set the pay-scale on these positions, and it's not entirely up to me to change them. Besides, we really need you back in Law Enforcement, that's where we could get your salary up."Hermione puzzled on this a moment."I'll make a deal with you then.""What kind of deal," he said, and curled his mouth into a grin."Look, I desperately needed a little time away from Ron...""That's understandable.""But after a little while I should be able to come back. If I promise to do that, would that help with the governors?"Kingsley scratched his head and pursed his lips."I'll approach them with your story Hermione. I can't make any promises, but I'll see what I can do.""Thank you sir. I appreciate it. Really I do."Kingsley nodded and smiled warmly."Oh... before you leave," he said as she pulled up out of the chair. "could you take this package down to the Time Room in the Department of Mysteries? I've got Tracy busy with something else but I really need to get this back.""Certainly sir."Kingsley pushed to brown paper covered package to front of his desk. Hermione tucked it under her arm and headed toward the door."Thanks again sir."Exhaling a big breath, Hermione felt good relieved to get that over with. She hated to have to ask, but they would need more to get by and there was no other options. Taking the lift down to the ninth floor and walking into the Department of Mysteries brought back memories, and not all of them were good. Hermione always thought it was a creepy place in general. As mysterious at the department itself were the employees that worked there. They were very rarely called by name and they never discussed their jobs.The Time Room was easy enough to find. One just had to follow the growing sounds of clocks and chimes. The lady that worked there was pleasant enough although Hermione didn't know her name. The woman appeared to be working on a delicate timepiece, so Hermione put the package on the counter and continued on quietly, leaving through a door to the Hall of Prophecies. Taking a shortcut through the hall, Hermione noticed a door to the Ever-Locked-Room was cracked open. The Ever-Locked-Room or sometimes referred to as the Love Chamber was strictly off limits and was normally, as the name implied, locked. But on this day it was cracked open and a powerful source of light was flowing through the cracks into the dimly lit hall.Uhmmm. Curious. Very curious. I always wanted a peep in there.She had made a promise to Draco there would be no more visits with divinationists, seers or soothsayers, but this was different. The Love Chamber was, after all, a proper department of the Ministry. A little look around shouldn't hurt, and it might help her with her growing list of questions.Stepping a little closer to the door, there seemed to be no noises or anything foul coming from the room. Just the overly abundant source of light. With her hand on the doorknob, she pulled the door open and looked inside. There was a woman standing there looking into the orb of bright light floating above the floor. The woman seemed to sense a presence behind and she quickly turned around. She was wearing dark glasses with lens as black as licorice. When she turned further to see who was standing in the door, she no longer blocked the intense light of the orb. Hermione was hit by the full intensity of the light just as the woman screamed and waved her arms.Hit at once by a feeling of dizziness, Hermione could feel her legs grow weak and wobble under her. The woman was running toward her now but she seemed to be moving in slow motion. The woman almost had a hand on Hermione's shoulder when the orb of light began to shrink rapidly. It quickly narrowed until it became a small beam and then a pinpoint hole in a black curtain. Then the curtain was pulled over Hermione's eyes until everything went black.A/N: Thanks for reading; don't forget to review.
