I don't own Harry Potter or these Characters, Jk Rowing Does. This is all for fun, I hope you enjoy.Chapter 1Hermione threw a rock at the snake to direct it's attention towards her. Nagini turned around and slithered over to her. Meanwhile Ron was sneaking up behind with one of the Basilisk's fang ready to stab it but he lost his footing and fell backwards the snake noticed this and went for a new prey. Hermione thinking quickly on her feet yelled, "Supify!" and it stopped Nagini long enough for her to get to Ron and for them to they to runaway from the snake."Ron do you have the fang?" Hermione panted as they ran hand in hand down the stairs."I dropped it when I fell, I'm sorry Hermione," they both turned around to see Nagini starting to catch up to them."I wish we had the sword right now." Hermione threw another curse at the snake but the snake was to fast and dodged it. They reached the bottom of the stairs and Ron turned around throwing the killing curse at it but she dodged it again. Ron not looking where he was going tripped, on some of the ruins of what was part of the Great Hall, bringing Hermione down with him. They couldn't get up in time Nagini was too close. Ron pulled Hermione close and she buried her face into her chest knowing that if they were going to die, they would die together.Nagini opened her mouth and with a single snap she dug her fangs right into Hermione's leg. She let out a scream, "Hermione!" Ron yelled with tears in her eyes as she grip on him loosened. When the snake retried to come in again Ron tried the killing curse but she already dug her fangs back into Hermione's leg she sent out another blood curtailing scream. Once Nagini was about to come in to make the final kill Ron rolled over so her was on top of Hermione so Nagini would take him instead, Neville ran up bearing the sword of Godric Gryffindor and with a single move her cut the snakes head off.When Neville knew the snake was dead he ran over to Ron, "Ron!? Ron!? I'm sorry I didn't get her sooner. Hermione's screams woke me up.""Neville we have to save her she dying!" Ron moved reviling a very pale Hermione who was shaking uncontrollably and there was blood all over her leg. Her breathing was short like she could get enough air. "Hermione you have to stay with me, I can't lose you." Ron was holding her in his arms. Then he turned to Neville, "Go get my mom and Madam Pomfrey! NOW!"Ron remembered that Hermione had some dittany in her beaded bag. He opened it up, "Accio Dittany," he caught the bottle as it flew out of the bag and unstoppered it. He laid her down on he ground gently, not even noticing the Harry had just defeated Voldemort, he attempted to gently roll up what was left with her pant leg and started to put some of the dittany of the snake bites. Once he was done he lifted her head into his lap she had broken out in to a cold sweat and Ron could hold it in anymore and he started to cry. "Hold on Hermione, Neville's coming back with Madam Pomfrey. Stay with me, I love you. You can't leave me."Neville ran into the destroyed Great Hall and found Mrs. Weasley mourning over her dead son, Fred. He didn't want to interrupt but he had to, "Mrs. Weasley Hermione's hurt she's been bitten twice by Nagini!"Ginny gasped and Mrs. Weasley stood up and went over to him, "Where is she and where's Ron?!""They are just outside the hall but we need to get Madam Pomfrey first. And Ron says hurry he doesn't know how long she has." Mrs. Weasley nodded and Ginny followed both of them over to Madam Pomfrey who just helped Professor Trelawney and Pavarti cover up a dead Lavender Brown. "Madam Pomfrey Hermione Granger has been bitten by Nagini and she needs help!" Neville started to panic. Madam Pomfrey nodded quickly and followed him, Mrs. Weasley and Ginny out to where they found Ron leaning over Hermione crying."Mr. Weasley I need you to back away from Miss Granger so we can take her inside." Madam Pomfrey explained."No I'm not leaving her!" He yelled.Mrs. Weasley started to cry new tears and put her hand on Ron's shoulder, "Ronald please let he do what she needs to do to help her. We can't afford to loose someone else we love."Ron nodded, he picked her up and notice her breathing became slowed than it was before and her lips had lost all it's color. He carried her to the closest cot he could find once inside. Ginny held tight her mother crying. People started to stare but Ron didn't care all he wanted was for Hermione to not die. Once he put her down he lightly kissed her shaking forehead and backed away."First I need to get the venom out and this will hurt her." Madam Pomfrey explained as Harry walked into the Great Hall. Ginny ran over to him with tears in her eyes. He saw Hermione and ran over to where she was, but Ginny held him back so Madam Pomfrey could perform the spell.She pointed her wand at Hermione'd leg and started to say a spell nobody had ever heard before. Hermione let out a pained cry that echoed throughout the destroyed hall and she started to struggle. It hurt Ron to see her in this much pain and he couldn't help her. "Mr. Weasley come here and help calm her down if she moves then I can't perform the spell."Ron went and knelt down next to Hermione and held her hand and she squeezed his as hard as she could from all the pain. "Hermione please work through the pain, we're trying to help. Please, Mom, Ginny, Harry and Neville are here for you. Me, Hermione I love you please just don't move. We need this spell to work so you can't move." Hermione started to calm down.Once Madam Pomfrey was done Hermione's eye closed slowly. Ron started to panic, "Hermione wake up! What's wrong?" His eyes were blood shot."Don't worry she's fine I got all the venom out before it spread throughout her blood stream. She is going to be asleep for about a day. No need to worry. I would like for someone to put two drops dittany on the bites every two hours and it will heal normally." Madam Pomfrey smiled. "Now I must attend to other wounded. And please let me know when she wakes up."She stood up and started to walk away then Ron stopped her, "Thank you." and Madam Pomfrey nodded and smiled then walked away.It was late and Mrs. Weasley put her hand on Ron's shoulder, "Ron sweetheart you need to get some sleep.""No Mom I'm not leaving her." he protested."Alright you may stay here but please sleep." He nodded and Mrs. Weasley retired to Gryffindor Tower where the rest of the Weasley's and Harry were sleeping.Not knowing if she could hear him or not, Ron held Hermione's hand and whispered, "Hermione I'm so sorry I couldn't save you again. I was panicking, I couldn't get us out of there." He started to cry again, "And I know I should be with my family because of what happened to Fred but I can't leave you." Ron soon drifted off to sleep.The next morning Harry and Ginny came down to the great hall to check on Ron and Hermione. Ron was awake and only slept for a little bit. "Ron how long did you sleep?" Ginny asked going to sit next to her brother."About an hour." He yawned the last part."Look's like it, you have bags under your eyes." Harry joked even though they all had bags under their eyes. "How's Hermione? Any sign of her waking up,""She hasn't moved at all but her breathing has become steadier," Ron explained."Well her face has got some color back and the bites don't look as bad the dittany must be working." Ginny hugged Ron to help him know everything going to be okay.When Harry and Ginny left Professor McGonagall was doing her rounds checking on all the wounded. She made she way over to Ron and Hermione. "Mr. Weasley how is she doing? Any signs of her waking up?" Ron shook his head, "Don't worry she's going to be fine." Ron nodded and she continued her rounds."Come on Hermione everyone's waiting for you to wake up." Ron whispered, he took her hand is his a gave is a gentle kiss, "I'm waiting for you to wake up. I love you" Ron looked around the room to see if he knew anyone else that was hurt. At the moment Neville was across the room with Luna tending to the wound on his head.Then Hermione began to shift on her cot, Ron head instantly looked at her, "Hermione?"Well there was the first chapter! I hope you enjoyed it. Please let me know and comment! - Meg
