Hermione Granger, Senior Magical Law Consultant  not that there were any junior ones  sat in her office drinking tea and going through the mail. It was one of countless daily rituals  go to work at half eight, get a cup of tea, and then go through the mail and the Daily Prophet until it's time to start work at nine. Today, however, she didn't really feel like reading the paper, and the mail couldn't possibly keep her busy for half an hour. Only one of her letters was not work-related. She broke the golden seal and read:Dear Ms Granger,It is my pleasure to invite you to this year's Commemoration Ball, which will take place on 2 May, 2002 at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As in previous years, the school has generously offered to host both the evening ball and the official ceremonies throughout the day.I recognise the importance of your role in the downfall of Tom Riddle and his followers and would be delighted if you could attend the event.Yours,Kingsley Shacklebolt,Minister of MagicThe handwriting was nothing like his, Hermione thought ruefully. It was more likely written by the blond office assistant. He didn't even know about it, probably  his signature was missing. You notice these things when you've been at the Ministry long enough. There was an RSVP card enclosed and Hermione filled it and let it fly back to the Minister's office, or more likely somewhere nearby.It was strange to think it had been four years. On one hand, her school years and the war felt a world away. On the other, she was twenty-two, and that really wasn't very much. She still had most of her life ahead of her... right?Trying to put gloomy thoughts aside, she took the first folder from a small pile neatly arranged at her desk. As Consultant, it was her job to perform a final check on all legal amendments proposed by different subdivisions of the Department of Magical Law Enforcment before they went to the Wizengamot. Her evaluation was not legally binding in any way  but her expert opinion had a certain weight. Hermione thought she would really enjoy her job. It should have been varied, intellectually challenging and fulfilling enough. But more often than not, she found herself correcting spelling mistakes and explaining the most basic of laws to people who really ought to know better. On a bad day she didn't even feel like talking to them, just sent them notes with library reference numbers.As she read the title of the first file, the generally composed Senior Law Consultant barely restrained herself from screaming at the top of her voice.Ten minutes later, a very embarrassed Susan Bones was shifting awkwardly in a chair in front of Hermione's desk. She didn't know why she was called so early in the morning but it couldn't be good."Susan, I received a proposal for a marriage law by the Administrative Registration Department this morning. Am I right in thinking you were the head of the team working on the proposal?""Yes, Ms Granger.""You don't need to call me that, Susan. We went to school together, after all.""Okay... Hermione."There was an uncomfortable pause during which Hermione took a deep breath and Susan suddenly became very intrigued by her nail polish."Susan, can you please explain to me what the motivation behind this project was?""Well... the war had many casualties, most of which from muggle or mixed families and since this significantly decreases the numbers and genetic variety in the magical population...""... you decided it would be a great idea to force people into arranged marriages so they could have more babies." Hermione finished with an even tone. "And how exactly did you find out that there was a problem with the magical population in the first place?"Susan Bones swallowed audibly. For a fraction of the second she contemplated not replying."There was a Daily Prophet article about it," she said, quietly. Hermione had the mercy not to ask her to repeat."So you read an article in the paper and decided to write a law based on it. If you had actually bothered to check the birth and death records kept by the Administrative Registration Department  where you work  you would have seen how factually misguided that article was. Forget the research, even  some common sense would have sufficed. We've had worse wars, and birth rates jump naturally afterwards, both in muggles, and in wizards."Susan Bones was picking at her nails, the even coat of bright green nail polish had turning into a mess."But you evidently didn't do your research and thought that the natural thing to do after a war against pureblood supremacy and oppression, the best thing the Ministry could do, is to force people into arraged marriages. And I've not even touched on the issue of international law and basic human rights yet." Hermione caught herself raising her voice and remained silent for a second, her hands shaking with anger and frustration. The witch in front of her was on the verge of tears and for a moment she took a perverse pleasure in hurting her. "By neglecting your responsibilities, you are a threat both to the Ministry of Magic, and to the entire British magical community. Now please leave my office and make sure I don't receive anything like that ever again."As she left, Susan Bones nearly knocked over the chair she was sitting on. She tried her best not to cry but as she reached the end of the corridor, Hermione could hear her sobs. Unsurprisingly, the encounter didn't lift her mood and with a frown she opened the second file for the day.Later that day, Hermione found herself in The Leaky Cauldron, staring at the bottom of a half-empty pint. She was interrupted by a familiar fatherly voice."The youth these days... Drinking in the middle of the week, are we?"Arthur Weasley looked the same as ever  tired, happy and going bald. After the war, he had found himself an honorary member of the Wizengamot and a war hero carrying more medals than could be comfortably fitted on a robe."Arthur, it's so good to see you!" Hermione exclaimed, genuinely happy to meet someone not out of their mind today. "What brings you here?""Molly wanted some robes fitted and I'm just waiting for her. What about yourself?""Tough day at work," the witch offered. To her surprise, Arthur frowned slightly."Not as tough as young Miss Bones had it, from what I heard. Rumour is, she spent her day sobbing at her desk.""I... had an argument with her," Hermione confessed. "She had this law proposal that was just ridiculous and I lost it.""You know, this was her first big project. She must have worked very hard on it.""It really didn't look like it. It was really irresponsible of her to do what she did! If that sort of law gets passed, it could mean the end of magical freedom and democracy, and..."Arthur took Hermione's hand in his in a warm gesture."I really think you ought to give the Wizengamot more credit than that. Most of us have been around for a while longer than you and Miss Bones and we are rather fond of democracy."Hermione's fist clenched under the table. How dare he lower me down to the level of that stupid little woman?, she thought. She couldn't really say anything like that to Arthur's face though."I hate my job sometimes." was the only way she managed to respond."Hermione, you are the brightest witch of your age. I don't think that you realise it but your opinion is so highly valued that you are one of the most influential people at the Ministry. It's a tough job but you need to grow up and live up to it."The witch felt like a child being scolded for eating too many sweets before dinner. Arthur had a point (he usually did) but she couldn't help but feel disappointed by her job. She'd considered leaving but she couldn't, really  Kingsley had created the position for her I the first place, so that her voice could be heard. Hermione knew that what she was doing was important  but that wasn't enough any more. There was no excitement in it, and very little learning. She envied muggles for their universities  even if they were just delaying the inevitable.
