This is story takes place 5 years after the events of the Deathly Hallows. It has a little Austen-esque feel to it, which I thought might be perfect for a light summer read. Let me know what you think. As usual, all characters and cannon situations belong to J.K. Rowling. "Aw, 'Ermione, but you must come!" Fleur pleaded with her. "I cannot imagine why you 'ave refused."Hermione glanced at Ginny and rolled her eyes."Is it because of Mr. and Mrs. Weasley? Bill 'as assured me that it is ridiculous! Zey 'ave no objections to you at all. I promise, it will not be awkward for you.""It's true, Hermione. They don't blame you for what happened," Ginny chimed in. "And Harry and I will be there. And I need someone to talk to besides all the silly former school-mates. For Merlin's sake, people like Lavender are going to be there!"Fleur's cousin, Noelle, was getting married to Minister of Magic's son, and the engagement house party that the Minister was hosting was supposed to be the social event of the season."Fleur, it's truly kind of you to ask me," Hermione said. "But I would really rather not come, you know.""But with classes all over, you're have the whole summer free. What's two weeks at a house party? Just tell her, Fleur," Ginny said in exasperation.Fleur heavily sighed. "Ze most irritating zing 'appened. Ze Minister 'as invited an extra guest and now ze numbers are unbalanced. Now we are obligated to invite a guest to keep ze numbers of ladies and gentlemen even! I wish 'e told me sooner, but as it is last minute, it is too late to invite anyone else."All was suddenly clear to Hermione. The owled invitation and now the ambush at Ginny and Harry's now all made perfect sense as the social disaster had loomed on the horizon of Fleur's world."You must come," Fleur pleaded again. "You could not possibly wish such a zing on me, especially when it is in your power to 'elp me."Hermione sighed. She had been determined to resist. She didn't want to be around anything that would remind her of that time  of a happier time that was full of promise only to end so horribly. She had found a way to move on with her life, and needed no reminders. She really didn't want to be around Ron's parents only to be reminded and feel guilty. However, she had a weakness where people in trouble were concerned. And Bill and Fleur helped her so much during the lowest time in her life, during the war, when she needed help the most. How could she refuse such a simple request now?"Fine, but instead of staying, maybe I could use a Portkey and come a few times to join the party."Fleur vehemently shook her head. "Zat would be most inconvenient, 'Ermione. You must stay at Ashford Park like ze rest of ze guests."Realizing that the moment for firm refusal had passed. She was doomed to attend the Minister's house party."Very well," she said. "I shall come."Fleur beamed at her. "I knew you would. I wish you 'ad not forced me to use a 'ole 'our in coming 'ere. Zere is so much to be done. I can't believe zat ze Minister 'ad invited zat man!""What man? The Prince of Wales?" Hermione jokingly suggested."No! Zat would 'ave been preferable. Ze unexpected guest is Lucius Malfoy."Hermione raised her eyebrows. She had not seen Malfoy since his insane sister-in-law tortured her in his house. The Malfoys kept very much to themselves, and she had only heard that he was widowed last winter. It was highly ironic that she was chosen to balance numbers with Lucius Malfoy.Ginny waved her hand. "Not to worry. Fleur promises the party will be large enough where none of us will have much interaction with him. Not that he would bother. I heard he's become very reclusive.""Now zat I ''ave even numbers again," Fleur said, "I must be off to 'elp Noelle."She kissed them on both cheeks as she bid everyone goodbye and swept to the fireplace to use the Floo.Ginny smirked. "For future reference, Hermione, it's easier to say yes to Fleur the first time she asks a question. Come on, we have lots of shopping to do. Otherwise, she will berate us for the next two weeks for not being grand enough for the Minister's soiree."Hermione groaned and followed Ginny out the door.Lucius Malfoy was sitting behind the large oak desk in the magnificently appointed library of the Malfoy House in London. He was immaculately dressed in his evening robes, though he had entertained no guests for dinner and wasn't planning on going out. The leather-inlaid desktop was bare except for the blotter, several quills, and a silver-topped ink bottle. There was nothing to do, since he was always meticulous about dealing with business matters during the day and this was already evening.He might have gone out to some entertainment  he still could. There were several to choose from, even though most of his peers have left London to spend summer in Brighton or at their country estates. But since the war, he had never been one for social entertainments.Draco and his wife, Astoria, were busy with their new son. He had a busy life now and he was genuinely happy for him, for them all. Yet the house felt empty without family. Malfoy Manor, his principal seat in Wiltshire, felt even emptier.It was this realization that led him into uncharacteristically accepting an invitation from the Minister of Magic, Armand Magnus, to attend his house party in Ashford Park. He never attended house parties. He could not imagine a more insipid way to spend two weeks. Of course, Magnus had assured him that there would be superior company, but it might still prove to wearing on nerves after two weeks.Lucius sat back in his chair, resting his elbows on the arms. He stared off sightlessly across the room. He missed Narcissa. She had died last December. She caught a chill that had seemed relatively harmless at first, though he had insisted on summoning his Healer to her. It had developed into a severe inflammation of lungs and all Healers could do was to make her as comfortable as possible. Her death had come as a severe shock. Lucius had been with her throughout her illness, especially at the end. Theirs had not been a passionate relationship  he doubted he was capable of passion  but they had enjoyed a particularly deep friendship since their education and interests were so similar. Her death had left a vast emptiness in his life. He had been celibate since her death, but longed for companionship. They had enjoyed a comfortable intimate relationship and he was uncertain he could adjust to another partner. At forty-eight he felt much too old for that. Besides, he didn't want another marriage; he was past all that. Besides who would ever marry him again?But a mistress  that was an interesting possibility. Perhaps he might meet her at this house party. Even if he didn't, it would be better than spending the summer alone at Malfoy Manor.Lucius continued to stare off into space, lost in his thoughts. Surrounded by the splendor of his mansion, he was very much alone in his grandeur.
