A/N: I don't own Harry Potter, J.K. Rowling does and I am glad that she made the wonderful story! :) This is a few months after Hary was born. And Jonas is a new born in this On a cold quiet December 5th night, at the outside of the Wool's Orphanage in London, the year was 1980. Albus Dumbledore was standing besides Minerva McGonagall, a tiny bundle in his arms."Are you sure this is his son Albus?" Minerva said to Albus her voice hushed as she looked at the little sleeping bundle. With his pale skin and dark hair, there was no denying that this was infact Tom Riddle's son.The remainder of the walk was spent in silence, until they got to the entrance door of the orphanage."Yes Professor McGonagall, I am sure this is in fact his son," Albus said."I also think," Albus continued, "That he would be best fit to stay here, until I can confront him and tell him what he in fact is. In the mean time, I will be the one to watch him. To see if he processes any magical abilities."Albus fitted a sealed envelope in the infant's basket."Good luck, Jonas Riddle," Albus said and knocked on the door.On a Monday morning, five year old Jonas Riddle was running through the sand box upset as he tried to get a toy back that another child had stolen from him."Give that back Travis! It's mine!" Jonas shouted to the boy that stole his horse, Travis who only laughed."You want it? Come and get it!" Travis shouted back.Jonas stopped and scrunched up his face and started to whimper. You should make him hurt. He deserves it That voice told Jonas.That voice, Jonas has heard before. It told him how to act, told him how to live.Jonas relaxed his face. "I hope you get oweys on your arms!" He shouted at Travis.Travis started to laugh again but then, he stopped. He yelled out in pain and dropped the horse. Burn marks had started to appear on his arms.Jonas smiled and ran to get his horse when Travis dropped it and turned to go to an adult to explain what he thought happened.Minerva shook her head as she watched what happened before her unfold. If Jonas was this violent just because a child stole his toy? She could only imagine what he would do when faced with the reality of the wizard world.Six years later, Albus Dumbledore was heading down the familiar sidewalk heading down to the familiar building.When Albus entered the building, he saw a woman sitting at a desk in the lobby."How may I help you?" The woman asked when she looked up from what she was working on."My name is Albus Dumbledore. I believe I called you before I arrived?""Oh yes, you are here to see Jonas?""Yes, that is correct, is he available?""Yes, he's in his room. I'll take you to him."There was a silence as they walked. The caretaker was puzzled, Jonas has never had a visitor before."Jonas has never had a visitor before. You said you were here to admit him into a special school?""Yes, he seems to be the correct fit for our school,""I have to warn you though," The caretaker states, "There have been terrible incidents with the other children, accidents they said," She said feeling a need to tell him that.Dumbledore simply nodded."Jonas, you have a visitor," Jonas heard the caretaker, Jane say.He rose his head up from the book and turned around. He saw a man with a long white beard and a emerald cloak. His eyes were blue and covered with half moon spectacles. This is a man who is not to be trusted. If he asks any questions, lie, or be vague. He is going to offer you a chance to study magic and control it. Take that opportunity. Jonas heard the voice say to him automatically as the man sat down in another chair. Jonas nodded inwardly."Who are you?" He asked the old man. He noticed Jane leave the room and close the door.Dumbledore watched as Jonas Riddle studied him closely. He couldn't help but notice that Jonas looked a lot like Tom. From his dark eyes, and dark hair to his pale skin. The appearance was uncanny. Dumbledore knew that Jonas would not easily trust him. He needed to gain this boy's trust in order for both the wizard community and Jonas to be safe."Aw, my name is Professor Dumbledore. You can do things can't you Jonas.things other children can't do?"Jonas studied Professor Dumbledore closely. He only nodded "Yes, I can," He said not knowing of a way to get out of this situation with out lying . So, he had to be vague about this. Only tell him what he asked. Dumbledore didn't ask him what abilities he had, he just asked him if he could do things others couldn't.Dumbledore nodded."Jonas, you may or may not know this but, I am going to tell you anyways. You are the son of a dark wizard,""That's what I am?" Jonas asked raising his eyebrows slightly but not sounding amused.Dumbledore nodded knowing that Jonas wasn't going to be the type of person to cooperate."Which means, I must warn you, when word does spread that you are related to him, you would probably be judged based on your bloodline weather then who you really are. I am offering you a place to not only study magic, but also how to control it,""So, what I have is magic?" Jonas asked.Dumbledore simply nodded and handed him an envelope."That is an acceptance letter to Hogwarts School of Witch Craft and Wizardry. I sense that you wouldn't need any help? That letter would have everything you should need."When September arrived, he had Jane take him to the train station. He got out, and pushed his trolley out to the open and tried to find out where this platform 9  was. How could a platform like that exist? He had no idea. But he wasn't going to ask for help. These muggle's would think he was crazy. Dumbledore had to take him to the Diagon Alley months before this. He had told Jonas that he had a vault in the bank and gave him the number to tell the goblin. After Jonas had bought his school things, he, as the voice insisted, spent hours a day reading the text books that he had bought. He had learned a lot. He had learned about Muggles and wizards, and transfigeration to name a few subjects.He had not bought an owl as he saw no need for it. As he searched around to find this platform, he saw a child who must have been a wizard. He had a loaded trolley with an owl in a cage among his luggage. Jonas pushed his luggage over to the boy."Are you going to Hogwarts?" The dark haired boy with glasses asked.Jonas nodded and looked at him more closely. Harry Potter. He read about him. And how he seemingly single handedly defeated Jonas's father when he was just an infant. Jonas scoffed inwardly. Harry Potter doesn't look that great. Then again, he also learned that his enemies will not be over looked."Harry Potter," He added cooly. "And, yes, I am. But, I am wondering, where is this platform 9 ?"Harry Potter shrugged "Dunno. We can't just ask anyone, I've tried to ask the conductor and he looked at me like I was crazy."Jonas nodded, "I'm Jonas. Jonas Riddle," He said.Harry nodded not seeming to be bothered by the name. Jonas wondered, was he shielded from the magical world as much as Jonas was? He must have been to not know the signifgance of Jonas' last name. He shrugged. It didn't matter, Harry would soon learn to fear him like the rest soon will."Let's ask them" Harry offered,"Jonas nodded still keeping up his friendly act. He had too. Harry was a fool to not know the signifigance of his name. Then that made Jonas wonder, did any of the wizards know who Voldemort's real name was? No, probably not. Unless one was either born in his time, or was really smart with books. Jonas decided, until word started to spread, he would use only his first name."Excuse me!" Harry shouted as they walked up to the family of red heads. Jonas narrowed his eyes. He didn't trust them. Then again, he didn't trust anyone. But they seemed less trusting then anyone else. Except maybe Professor Dumbledore."Can you please tell us how to get onto the platform?" Jonas answered for Harry."Oh, it's easy dears, this is Ron's first time as well."Jonas nodded at the youngest looking red headed boy who smiled at them."Jonas," Jonas said "And this is Harry."Harry nodded."Okay, you see platforms nine and ten? Just stare straight ahead and walk straight through the wall. Best do it in a bit of a run if you're nervous."Jonas nodded. He wasn't nervous. He let Harry go first then he went after him. It started out with a patch of dark, then Jonas had to blink his eyes several times as a bright light filled his eyes. He then heard a train whistle blow. He looked for the source of the sound and turned his head. He saw a magnificent scarlet red steam engine. He saw at the front "Hogwarts Express" This had to be it! He couldn't see any sign of Harry Potter anywhere. He shrugged and got onto the train after the conductor took his ticket. He searched around but couldn't find an empty compartment yet. He finally had no choice but to sit next to the Potter boy. He sighed and sat down next to him."Fancy meeting you again huh?" He said."Yeah, Jonas Riddle right?"Jonas nodded "Yeah, that's it," He said and smiled seemingly kindly. This is going to be an interesting school year. He thought to his self. Jonas turned his head to the side when he heard footsteps down the train isle. He saw the same red haired boy with the rat."Can I sit here, everyone else is full."Jonas nodded and scooted over."You're name's Jonas right?"Jonas nodded "Yeah,""I'm Harry, Harry Potter," Harry said.Jonas could tell that Harry wasn't the smartest. He clearly introduced him and Harry as their first names. In case Harry didn't want to be recognized. But apparently, Harry Potter had other motives up his sleeves Jonas was sure of it."Harry Potter?! Do you have thatthatscar?" Ron asked and whispered the last part.Harry nodded "Yeah," He said and laughed a bit.Jonas sat back clearly they ignored him. It didn't matter though, Jonas was better then both of them, he knew.For the next half hour, they talked a lot about their home life and such. Jonas didn't say much, considering he didn't trust anyone. The trolley came over, and Harry bought the whole lot. Jonas narrowed his eyes and crossed his arms. Harry Potter is arrogant."Has anyone seen a toad? A boy named Neville lost one,"Jonas heard a female voice say. She sounded like she was proud of her self. Proud means that the person could be too cocky. And that could be a bad thing. He turned her way and saw that she had bushy hair and two front large teeth. She carried her self like she was proud as well. You are wrong, she is a smart person for a mud blood He heard the voice tell him.Jonas nodded inwardly."No, I haven't," He said.The girl nodded and walked inside and sat down next to Jonas with out saying excuse me. The mud blood girl gasped when she saw Harry Potter."You're Harry Potter! I'm Hermione Granger, and you two are?""Ron Weasly.""Jonas." Jonas told her.She raised her eyebrows expecting Jonas to continue. He just shrugged and took a bite of a chocolate frog."You three need to change into your robes. I expect we'll be arriving soon,"Hermione then left and Ron rolled his eyes."She's too bossy," He muttered."She seems smart," Jonas said as an after thought.The two looked at Jonas and shook their head like they thought he was crazy.Later on that night, Jonas found his self walking with the rest of the first years as they headed in two rows boys in one line, girls in the other to follow an old looking woman who introduced her self earlier as Professor McGonagall. As the minutes ticked by, each person was being called up, getting sorted, and greeted with applause as they went to their houses. ."Potter Harry!" Professor McGonagall called.The room went silent and whispers of Potter? Harry Potter? Jonas narrowed his eyes. Again, what's so special about him? Harry got sorted into Gryffindor. Jonas heard cheers of We got Potter! We got Potter! Jonas hated him.After the clapping and cheers died down, McGonagall hesitated on the next name. Jonas knew it was him."Riddle Jonas." She called out and looked around nervously.The misunderstood chatter that remained quickly died down when they heard the name. Jonas glanced at the older students and professors. The older students had looks of fear in their eyes, a few professors did as well. A few other professors had emotionless masks on. Jonas could see right through them though. He could see it in their eyes. They were afraid of him too. Except that is, Professor Dumbledore and someone who looked like a half giant. They hand genuine smiles on. Professor Dumbledore was looking at him with curiosity. Did he know something that Jonas didn't? No, of course not. Then again, that old man was too wise for his own good."Aww, I see we have another Riddle," The hat said. Yup, Jonas repeated to it in his head. I want to be in a house that strives for power. A house that will do anything to get what they want."Aha, I see you have many traits similar to your father"Jonas grinned inwardly when he heard someone clear their throat."Slytherin!" The hat shouted.The hat was taken off of Jonas' head. As he got off the stool and headed to the Slytherin table, not one person clapped.Jonas smiled to his self as he went to his seat. He liked the way that people were afraid of him."Percy, who is that?" Harry asked looking to his friend Jonas. "Why do some fear him?""Huh?" Percy asked looking up from his plate.He looked over to where Harry was saying that. He sighed inwardly, this child had a lot to learn."Oh, that's Jonas Riddle," Percy started to say, "I read a book that said that Voldemort's real name was Tom Riddle," Percy said "So, I'm guessing that's his son," He added.Jonas watched and listened. That one comet that the older student said made the news spread like wild fire. Everyone was talking now about the boy who was related to a dark wizard. It pleased Jonas. But did he show it in reality? No. He was careful to keep an indifferent mask on, a faade so they wouldn't' know what he was thinking. I expect nothing but perfection from you, anything but would make you weak, The voice told him when he woke up the next day for his first day of classes.As the first few weeks of class started, he was able to get perfect marks. Mainly because people avoided him like the plague. Word has spread like wild fire that he was Voldemort's child. Pretty soon, the entire school seemed to fear him. Everyone that is except Hermione, Dumbledore and a half giant named Hagrid. Jonas didn't care. As long as they didn't get in the way of his plans.
