Harry Potter.Fanfiction.Harry Potter fanfiction. This story is fan made, its based on the child of Harry Potter and Ginny Potter (Weasley), Lily Potter. Many already knows' the story by J.K. Rowling, and therefore I won't go into details about how all things looks, and how the characters' we all know looks. Neither will I go into details about anything else happening in the books. Only when I think it's needed. This is my first fanfiction, so there might be a lot of mistakes, and it may be purely written, as English is not my native language, but I will try my best and hope that you'll find it to your liking.- I don't own this story, all the rights goes to the amazing author; J.K. Rowling, whom I admire a lot. - The Informations' I used were from the books, the films and this website: wiki/Main_PageYear one.Chapter 1: Hogwarts.Home: I woke up early. I couldn't sleep any longer. The day had finally come. I remembered when I finally got my letter; mom and dad called me down for breakfast and there it was, right on the table, I've been waiting for so long. I looked at my mother to make sure that it really were the Hogwarts letter, she gave a little nod and I ripped it open, my father grinned at me, shook his head and then went to get me some breakfast.And now the day had finally come for me to go to Hogwarts. My luggage were already packed with clothes, books and other stuff that I would be needing for school, I had already gone through it several times the night before, to make sure that I wouldn't forget anything. Next to the luggage were the carry case to Snuggel, a black and white kitten, my father gave to me on the day Albus received his letter. After I went through all of my belongings yet again, I hurried in my clothes and ran down to the kitchen were my mother already had prepared a big breakfast for us."Good morning sweetie, your up early.""I couldn't sleep, I'm to exited." I laughed and gave my mom a big hug; she gave me a big kiss on my cheek."What's all this giggling about?" my father asked coming into the kitchen, he obviously just woken up."I'm going to Hogwarts today." I laughed."Oh, is that today. I had no idea." My father replied sarcastically with a grin. "Well then, you better hurry and eat your breakfast, we're leaving soon." Shortly after my brothers' came down to eat, both of them were looking forward to see their friends again, and to use magic."I tell you sis, you better get it out of your system now. Its almost unbearable." James smirked at me. "And you know what happens to those who use magic out of the school ground, right?" I shook my head nervously. James lowered his voice dramatically."They'll get expelled, and then they'll get locked up in Azkaban, where they will starve to death, or worse..." he looked secretly behind his back, as if he was afraid that someone where listening. "Get a deathly kiss from a dementor.""James!" mother hissed. "Don't scare your sister.""But its true. You can't use magic out of school.""Yes, but no one will send you away to Azkaban. And no dementors will kiss you.""But that's what Filch told us." James looked disappointed."The Ministry of Magic don't use dementors or Azkaban anymore." Father told us. "The prison got destroyed under the uprising of Voldemorts' return, and because of the dementors nature they were of course under Voldemorts' control. The Ministry of Magic decided in the end to get rid of the dementors and use a different prison with a different method, to keep the prisoners locked away.""What are they doing instead?" I asked my father curiously."Well, they use The Legilimency Spell1 or a truth serum, to make sure that the person isn't or is innocent, when they're absolutely sure that the person have done what he's accused for, he or she will get punished. The punishment depends on what you've done.""What if you have murdered someone?" Albus asked."It depends on how many, who you are and what kind of people you have killed.""Hm.." Albus thought to himself, trying to find an example."If you've killed your own brother, just because you felt like it." James asked, getting angry eyes from both his mother and Albus. "It's just hypothetical." He shrugged smirking."You would probably get your memory erased and then you would be located somewhere among the muggles, without any magic as well or you would get totally paralyzed while you were in a room all by yourself. It depends on who you are."How do they decide on the punishment?" I asked."They vote, after they get all the information.""But isn't it a little like the way the muggles do it?""Yes Lily it is. In fact, The Ministry of Magic got the idea from the muggles.""Alright, that's enough. Its time to get ready, we're going to meet up with Hermione and Ron at The Leaky Cauldron before departing." Mother said while cleaning the table. "Hurry now."We all hurried upstairs and while we were talking about our expectations for this year, we brushed our teeth and went to get our stuff. Father stood ready in the hall and as soon as we came down with our stuff he loaded the luggage in one of grandfather Arthurs' inventions, a family car on the outside but much more spacious on the inside. Uncle Ron had told us all about how he and my father, had taken grandfather Arthurs car in their second year and how they went to Hogwarts in a flying Ford Anglia, risking the whole wizard world to get exposed to the muggles.The Leaky Cauldron: A few hours later we arrived at The Leaky Cauldron, the Weasleys' hadn't arrived yet, so we were sitting at a table with pumpkin juice and waited. Dad were talking with James about Quidditch he'd received the news of becoming the teams captain in his letter, dad was proud and told him all about when he received the same news. Mom had spotted some old friends of hers and were talking with them, and Albus and I were talking about how exited we were to see Rose and Hugo again, when they all came through the chimney. First came Hugo, then Rose, Ron and at last Hermione."Hello everyone." Called uncle Ron. Father stopped in the middle of a sentence and waved at the Weasleys'."Finally, we've been waiting forever." He told them grinning. Aunt Hermione was busy dusting herself and Hugo of, but when she was done she walked around and gave us all hugs and kisses. I've always liked Hermione; she was a beautiful, intelligent and caring witch, just like my mother. Uncle Ron on the other hand, was always goofy and teased us. He and uncle George were my funny uncles. Hugo whom almost shared the same hair colour as me; where my favourite cousin, we were about the same age and were therefore both going to Hogwarts at the same time, and we were both really looking forward to it."Hey." He said when he reached me as the last person, after he'd said hello to everyone else."Hello Hugo exited?" I smiled at him, and I could tell on the way his chest rose and fell, that he was nervous. "Don't worry, it's going to be fine." I comforted him."But what if I'm placed at Slytherin? What if we don't go to the same house? What if I'm all alone without any friends?" his ears were turning red and his eyes began to swallow with tears."Well.. I heard my father telling Albus last yeah, that if you tell the hat where you want to go, he would take your opinion in consideration. And if you should be placed at Slytherin, I personally don't think it would be that bad, they have some good qualities. Bye the way, you will never be alone and without friends, you will always have me, your sister and your cousins." I patted him comfortably on his head."but my father tells me, that if I end up in Slytherin, he will never speak to me again.""oh Hugo, your father is just teasing you, besides your mom don't share that opinion with him, does she?" he shook his head. "See.. And she would never allow your father to be mad or disappointed at you. Besides I'm really positive that you can't disappoint uncle Ron, he loves you with all his heart.""Yeah. You're right. Thanks Lily.""Anytime."Hogwarts Express: we were finally standing on platform 9, the train was as read and magical as the first time I saw it. My stomach were filled with little fairies and I couldn't wait to get on, I was making some little jumps of anticipation, which made my mum a little irritated at first, but then she just smiled forgiving and gave med a hug.There were a lot of people on the platform, so my siblings and I were ordered to stay with mum and aunt Hermione, while uncle Ron and father were caring our luggage aboard in the luggage coach. When they finished we were allowed to go and say hello to our friends, for Hugo and me it only included our other cousins.When the time was about to turn 11 o'clock we all met up to say our goodbyes. My father gave me a big hug and a little book, which contained some pictures of the whole family."Thanks dad, I love you." I said giving him a big kiss on his cheek "I'm going to miss you." And then I turned to my mother. When I'd said my goodbyes I took the carry case with Snuggel and went onboard with Hugo. We quickly found a free compartment were we opened the window, we waved goodbye as long as we could still see them, but the train were fast and we lost sight."soo" I laughed at Hugo. "we're on our way.""we surely are." He grinned back. "I took the liberty to bring some games to play on the way." He opened his backpack and fished some carts up from it."what's that?" I asked looking at a thin paper plastic box with a king on the front."it's muggle cards, Grandfather Arthur gave it to me, along with a book of games you can play with them, there are more than a hundred different games, isn't that amazing?""I'm not sure?" Hugo was sharing his Grandfathers interest for muggles and received a lot of weird stuff from him."The last time you brought some muggle stuff with you, I got water all over me, cause you didn't know how to use it.""I know, and I'm sorry for that. But these are different. The don't do anything but lay on the table and you...""Oh. I'm sorry." A guy with blonde hair was standing in the door we've forgotten to close. I guessed him to be around the same age as Hugo and me. "I'm sorry to interfere, I saw that the door was still open and thought it was available, my sister and I have been looking for a compartment for an half an hour now." He looked tired."Well you are welcome to stay in here if you want?" I offered him."Really? Thank you." He said smiling. "Alana!" he called out the door. "The people in here are willing to let us stay in their compartment, Alana?" He went outside of the compartment to look after his sister. Hugo went to sit beside me."Are you sure? We don't know them?" Hugo whispered to me."Of course Hugo, don't be so reserved. You know that this is how our fathers got best friends right?" I whispered back. "You were so nervous a little while ago, about whether you would make some friends. This is your chance." "Fine."The blond haired boy came back, and with him a girl whom looked exactly like him, the boy took place in front of me and his sister in front of Hugo."Are you twins?" I asked."Yeah, but I'm the oldest." The boy said. "are you siblings as well?" Hugo and I looked at each other and then shook our heads."No just cousins." I smiled."Cool.""I'm Lily Potter." I added. The twins made big eyes."You are?" they looked at each other. "We've heard so much about that name, do you know the famous Harry Potter?""Of course." I smiled at them. "His my father." The twins' mouth opened wide up. "and this is my cousin, Hugo Weasley." I nodded towards Hugo and the twins now looked at Hugo with wide eyes."Don't tell my your parents is Ron and Hermione?" Hugo nodded shy."Wow! We're surrounded by famous kids." The boy said to his sister."I'm Alana Williams, and this is my brother Wilfred. We're muggle born. So there it is, I've told our darkest secret, know.. let us be friends." Alana smiled at me."Sure." I said."My mu-m is m-muggle born." Hugo stammered."Really?" Wilfred sounded impressive. "That's so cool." We all burst into laughter, and we knew that we from know on, would be great friends. We were busy playing all kind of muggle games, so we didn't notice how long the ride were. We were eating candy, they asked a lot of questions about the magical world, and we answered them if we knew the answers. When we finally arrived our breath were taken away be the astonishing view. A big silhouette was showing in the dark of the night, the twins got nervous so I tried to calm them down."Don't worry, its' just Hagrid." I smiled at them."Who's Hagrid?""He's a teacher in Care of Magical Creatures and he's the keeper of the keys and grounds. You'll like him.""He's also a very important family friend." Hugo added. "HEY HAGRID" Hugo caught Hagrids attention and a big friendly smile lit up on Hagrids face."Hello youngsters. Lily, Hugo." He nodded at us. "It's this way. FIRST YEAR STUDENTS!" he called. "FOLLOW ME."Hogwarts: We we're all standing in front of the teachers table, waiting. A little man with long white beard and a long pointy silvery hat, which matched his long robe, I guessed him to be the teacher of Charms Professor Flitwick, where standing beside a stool in front of us. The stool had an old damaged pointy hat on it; and I knew it was the Sorting Hat.The professor cleared his throat and talked with a high and light voice."Good Evening. Before we begin the sorting I think that professor McGonagall will give a us some words." Professor Flitwick nodded to the tall elegant Witch, whom where sitting in the middle of the table, she nodded to Professor Flitwick and rose from her chair. She smiled out to the Hall."I would like to welcome our old students back, I hope you had a great Holliday and that you all did your homework. And to the new students I want to welcome you to this school, the teachers and I, are looking forward to get to know you all, and see what you will accomplish.And now some formalities; the Forbidden Forest is, as the name applies, Forbidden without a teachers permission and guarding. Many creatures live in that forest and not everything has it in its heart to not kill you. Also mister Filch made me tell you, that he still misses his pajamas, so would the culprit please hurry up and deliver it back. For Merlins' sake people, we don't want to run into a half naked old man in the middle of the night, do we?" a cautious laughter formed in the hall, professor McGonagall nodded to Flitwick and sat down in her chair."all right then, when I call your name you will come forth, I shall place the Sorting Hat on your head, and you will be sorted into your houses" he looked upon the new students."Abbott, Finikel." A heavy boy walked up and slowly sat on the stool. When the Sorting Hat started to speak, some of the students gave a little hop I shock."Mm.. hmm.. HUFFELPUFF." It screamed out and Abbott hurried down to the table cheering at him. Some other names were called, a girl named Maggie Jones were placed at Gryffindor."Potter, Lily." Called professor Flitwick. And I went up to the stool and sat down, the Sorting Hat was to big, and fell over my eyes."Mmh.. Another Potter I see.. Slytherin could be a good place for you, and I see that you wouldn't mind that, Ravenclaw is also a good suggestion, but other than intelligent you have a much stronger quality, loyalty and bravery.. hmm.. where to put you? Well then I'll put you in GRYFFINDOR!" the Gryffindor table went berserk, happy to get yet another Potter to their house. I hurried down to the table, but I managed to whisper a good luck to Hugo and my new friends. I sat beside the girl named Maggie, she had black hair and brown eyes, her skin were a little dark, like when you've got a lot of sun. I smiled at her and she smiled back, showing a perfect set of teeth. Albus whom were sitting across the table, right in front of Maggie nodded to me. "Welcome to Gryffindor sis."Three boys were sitting besides Albus; all looked the same, all brown hair, freckles, glasses and brown/orange eyes. I remembered Professor Flitwick calling them to the Chair; Bolton, Jared. Bolton, Melwin and Bolton, Stephan. I guessed they were triplets."Williams, Alana." My concentration went back to the sorting, Alana walked up to the stool with confident, she sat elegantly and the hat didn't take long to decide."GRYFFINDOR!" we all clapped, me in particular. Alana hurried down to the table and sat beside me, while sending a little wink towards Albus whom immediately blushed and turned his head away."Williams, Wilfred." Flitwick called and like his twin sister, Wilfred walked to the stool with confident and calmness. "GRYFFINDOR" the hat nearly touched Wilfreds' head. He gave his sister a high-five and sat beside her, smirking at me and winking at Maggie. They are really twins I thought to myself. At last it was time for Hugo, he stumbled on his way to the stool, which made the hall bubble with laughter. The hat was placed on Hugos' head, it took long but it finally yelled out "GRYFFINDOR." Hugo was relieved and hurried down to the table, sitting next to Wilfred, his sister Rose whom sat beside Maggie, waved at him and gave a thump up. Hugo smiled proud back at his sister. Professor McGonagall rose from her seat, cleared her throat to get silence and yelled out. "Now that you're all placed in your knew houses, I would just like to say, good luck, good studies and bon apatite.", and with those final words, the feast appeared like my parents told me about. Wilfred and Alana gave a little gasp but were quickly over the shock, we were all very hungry.Almost an hour went by, we had just finished the dessert and our eyes became heavy."Before we go to bed in a little while, I have a few informations. Both Gryffindor and Slytherins' Quiddith team needs players this year, if interested contact the captains on each team, which would be James Potter on the Gryffindor team and Viola Greengrass on Slytherins' team. 1st year students is asked to follow the prefects from your houses, they will escort you to your common room. I bid you all a good night sleep." The students rose from their chairs and walk out of the hall."Well that wasn't so bad." I heard Hugo tell Wilfred."First year students from Gryffindor, gather around." A tall fifth year girl called out. We gathered around her and a boy at the same age with pimples all over his face."My name is Melanie Jules, this is Tom Felt and we are your prefects for the next three years. We will make sure that you don't get into trouble; if you have any questions you're always welcome to ask us. But for now lets show you the way to Gryffindors' common room." We walked up a lot of stairs until we reached the 7th floor; the prefects let us to the famous portrait of the Fat Lady."It's the Fat Lady." I whispered to Alana."Is the portrait called the Fat Lady? Wow. No imagination was used here, huh?" she laughed."Password?" the Fat Lady asked."Cranberry Juice." answered Melanie. The Fat Lady nodded and swung up, revealing a whole. Tom climbed through it, then Melanie and then the rest of us followed, when we were all inside, the portrait closed."How do we get out again?" Jared Bolton asked with a nervous face."You just push the portrait and it will open." Tom answered irritated."This is the Common room, here you will spend a lot of time, doing homework, celebrations and relax. on this message board you can see all the messages regarding this house. Quidditch try-outs, practise, Hogsmead trips, dancing lessons, lost and found notes and so on. Of course some of the activities you aren't allowed to participate in, before later. On the table over there is a pile of maps, I will recommend you to take a least one each, and read it thoroughly before you go to bed, try and look at your schedules and memorise the way to your classroom so you wont be late on your first day. Now then, will the girls follow me this way." She said and walked towards a staircase."This leads up to the girls dormitories, come along." She explained on the way. We each grabbed a map on our way to the staircase."There is a spell on the girls' staircase that prevents boys from using it, however there is no such enchantment on the staircase to the boys' dormitory, allowing you girls to use it whenever you wish, due to the founders' belief that girls were more trustworthy." Melanie explained."Yeah I remember my mum telling me about it." I told her smiling."And who's your mother?""Ginny, Ginny Potter." I answered still smiling."Really?" she said disbelieving and kept walking, I waited for her to say something more, but she didn't. She led us to a door at the top of the staircase, where a sign told us that this dorm belonged to us. We went in and saw a large round room, with a chimney, five beds each with their own side tables, a large round table in the middle to do homework or just chill. All were held in the same stile, in red and golden colors. Beside the door stood a grand mirror, with detailed cuts."This will be your room from now on and till you finish school, I wish you a good nights sleep." She said and closed the door."Wow, I've never met a more cheering person in my whole life." Alana said sarcastically."U-um, maybe she was just shy." Maggie tried."Riiight" said a girl with short curly hair. "I'm Serafina Smith by the way." She smiled at us."I'm Coraline Pwatt." Said the other."Hello, I'm Alana Williams." Alana said and gave them a handshake. "I don't know why I did that?""Lily Potter." I said."We know." They laughed."Oh." I blushed."And you are?" they asked Maggie; she looked up briefly and whispered her name."Whaat?" Serafina asked."Maggie Jones." She said a little louder, her face turning completely red."So what are we supposed to do know?" Alana asked confused."I think we're supposed to go to bed." Coraline answered."But what about pajamas?" she looked confused at us, the others looked back at her with the same expression."They've already brought up our luggage." I explained to her."Really?" she looked around and saw her backpack laying on one of the beds. "Then I suppose this bed is mine." She walked towards her stuff, found her luggage and took out her pajama. The rest of us followed her example.Alanas' bed were the one closest to the door on the left hand, then mine, Maggies, Coraline and Serafina. Snuggle was already asleep in the foot of my bed."Well. Goodnight then." Coraline yawned."Goodnight." Responded Maggie with a little voice. I was already on my way to dreamland.1To delve into the mind of the victim, permitting the caster to see memories, emotions and thoughts. Skilled Legilimens, such as Lord Voldemort or Severus Snape, are able to perform Legilimency without using the incantation or a wand.