Hi everyone! This is my second Harry Potter fanfic. I am still working on Can all this be true?, however, I am stuck. Hopefully when I get some of the ideas for this fanfic out of my head, I will be able to continue the other one. In this fanfic, you will see my take on on Harry's life. Enjoy and please review :)Disclaimer: Even though I really want to, I do not own Harry Potter. It belongs to J.K Rowling.Warnings: This is SLASH, meaning boy x boy relationship. There will be some gay sex later on but I will mark it so if you don't want to read, you will be able to skip it. This fanfic has mature context. If you are under 17 and this offends you, stop right there and leave. You have been warned, if you don't like, don't read.There will be mention of child abuse, bad language and minor character deaths. This will be dark/Harry fanfic with a lot of Dumbledore and Weasley bashing.Pairings: Harry/Draco, Hermione/Blaise, Sirius/LupinPrologueIn the Wizarding World, Harry Potter was a hero. He freed the common people from the Dark Lord, also known as Lord Voldemort, when he was only 15 months old. No one knew how he managed to do that, after all repelling a Killing Curse was unheard of. But to be honest no one cared, as long as the evil was vanquished.All through Britain Witches and Wizards were celebrating. They were so caught up in their euphoria, they forgot about the reason they were safe and free, poor little Harry Potter. They boy who lived, but also the boy who just lost his parents. It was believed that he was taken to a safe place and cared for. How wrong they were.Few of them tried to find him but the leader of Light, Albus Dumbledore, assured them that Harry was in good hands and treated with utmost care and love. And since Dumbledore was the epitome of goodness and light, no body questioned him.They should have.But they didn't, and now they will have to suffer the consequences.xxxxxxxxUnknown to Wizarding World, their savior was taken to the remaining Muggle family of his mother. He was dropped on the doorstep of Number 4 Privet Drive, with only a blanket and a letter. It was all planned in advance by the one and only Albus Dumbledore. He made sure that there would be no other option for Harry to be taken in by someone else. Any resistance he came upon was taken care of by few calming words and a promise that he knew what he was doing. After all, Harry was still not safe in the Wizarding World. Death Eaters were still at large. His reasons were so rational, no one could disagree.When giving Harry to the Dursleys, Dumbledore knew they would treat him like a dirt. But after all that was what he wanted. Even when his close friend and confidant, Minerva McGonagall protested, saying that they were the worst Muggles she has ever seen, Dumbledore didn't bulge.Days, weeks, months and years have passed by and people began to forget about Harry. It became normal for them to not hear about their savior. Since there was no news, everyone assumed Harry was happy and taken care off. The Wizarding World was finally at peace. And no one wanted to destroy that image, even if they had to sacrifice a little boy. But then again, what was a little boy compared to thousands of people?xxxxxxxxxxxxxxHarry Potter, age 2Harry looked at the woman in front of him. She was skinny with a face like a horse, but to him she was beautiful. Harry wobbled towards her and opened his arms.''Ma!'' he said to her. ''Ma, 'ug.'' Harry flapped his arms hoping she would understand what he wanted. Earlier on that day, he saw a little girl hugging her mother, it looked absolutely delightful and Harry wanted to try it himself. Not knowing that Petunia was not in fact his mother, Harry tried to recreate the scene. He walked up even closer to her, nearly touching her legs. Petunia sneered at him.''I am not your mother, freak. Don't touch me!'' she shrieked and swat his hands away, which in turn made Harry fall. He let out a cry. His back was sore and he couldn't understand why his mother didn't want to hug him and why she said she wasn't his mother. Petunia tsked, grabbed him by his collar and flung him into the corridor.''Stop crying you stupid boy. Now go in to your cupboard. I don't want to hear another sound or you will not get any food for the rest of the day.''Harry obeyed quietly. When she closed the door to his cupboard, he sniffed and let the silent tears fall. Even though he was only 2, Harry was a very smart boy. He understood most of the words, even though it was hard for him to speak. No wonder since the Dursleys wouldn't let him talk much. After all he was a freak and freaks are not allowed to talk to normal people.Harry couldn't lie on his back because it was still painful from the fall. He clutched his blanket and buried his face in it. All he wanted was a hug. He just wanted to be loved. However, it seemed it was not meant to be.Tired from all the crying, Harry curled around his blanket feeling sleep taking over. Before completely submitting to the darkness, he felt a hand lightly stroking his head and a whisper, which he was sure he imagined.''Shhh, my dear boy. All will be good in due time. I will take care of you.''xxxxxxxxAt the same time, Albus Dumbledore was standing in the kitchen of Number 4 Privet Drive, under Notice Me Not charm. He smiled to himself. All was going well according to his plan. The Dursleys were treating Harry exactly as he hoped. They will abuse him and destroy any self esteem Harry could have developed. In no time, Harry will become the compliant tool that he needed. When the boy will finally come to Hogwarts, he will have no choice but to obey his savior and future mentor, Dumbledore. He will be so grateful for taking him away from the awful Muggles, he will do anything to please Albus. And that was exactly what Dumbledore needed.A/N: Prologue done! Hope you liked it. Please review :) Any idea who the whispering person was? Let me know!
