Usual disclaimers apply; anything recognisable belongs to their rightful owner(s). I'm just playing around in the world JK Rowling has created.PrologueSeptember 1st, 1990"Mum? Is this Platform 9 ?" a young girl asked, looking around the very crowded platform at King's Cross Station. It didn't look very Wizarding-like to her."No quite, dear. You see that ticket box over there? Where that guard stands?" the older woman, resembling the girl, pointed to where a chubby looking man in uniform stood. Seeing her daughter nod, the woman continued, "You need to walk straight at it, without stopping. The platform we need to be at is just behind it.""Can't we just walk around it?" It seemed like the most obvious way about it for the brown haired girl."If you want to get to Platform 9 , you need to walk through it," the mother replied, amused.The girl, with long dark brown hair and equally brown eyes, looked up at her mother as if she'd grown a second head. Seeing the incredulous look on her daughter's face, the woman couldn't help but laugh out loud, earning her a glare from her eleven  almost twelve!- year old daughter. The woman remembered her first time here, nearly twenty-five years ago. It had been more exciting than going to Diagon Alley the first time, to shop for her school supplies. "It's true, love. Just take a deep breath and walk straight ahead. Your mum and I will follow with the cart. All right?" The girl's father answered for his wife, relieved he hadn't missed this part. He had been called into work quite expectantly that morning.The girl took a few hesitant steps towards the ticket box and then stopped to look back at her parents in worry, they nodded encouragingly. 'They wouldn't let me walk into a metal box, would they?' the girl wondered. Deciding, her parents wouldn't do such thing, she took another few steps forward. Suddenly, a flash of ginger hair passed her, startling her. With a scowl she watched the boy moving away from her. To her utter amazement, the boy and his cart ran into the metal box her mother pointed at earlier and then just disappeared. 'It's true!' She could feel her heartbeat rise a few notches in her chest. She glanced back at her parents, with a broad smile this time. Both nodded in encouragement. Behind her parents, the girl saw a slew of redheads approaching. Determined to pass through before them, she took a deep breath and prepared herself for running into a seemingly solid object. This was it, her life as a witch at Hogwarts was about to start. After another deep breath, she started to run like the ginger boy just did.Somewhere in the distance, she could hear her parents' alarmed calls, warning her about something. But the adrenaline rush made it impossible to make out the words and before she knew it, she ran through the metal box. She could feel the magical barrier stretching around her, the feeling of a faint tickle all over and then it was gone. There it was, Hogwarts Express. She'd done it! The euphoria was short-lived, though, as her legs hadn't stopped running yet and her body collided with something solid, making her tumble forward. Instead of the painful fall she expected, she landed rather softly. On something rather nice smelling actually; it reminded her of freshly mown grass and rain after a hot summer day. 'Why was it groaning?'"Clumsy bint. Get off of me!" a voice cried. A somewhat deep voice that skipped to higher tones here and there. Like the boy that lived next to their flat, Larry. 'Oh shit.'With mortification, the girl realised that she'd ran into a person, a boy person, and she tried to get up in a hurry, only to get entangled in her robes. Robes she'd insisted on wearing before they'd left home, even though her mother had said she could change in the train. Cursing herself for not listening to her mother, the girl tried to stand up, only to stand on her robe and tumble forward again. Since when was there some much fabric? In her squirming, she didn't notice how she was writhing against the boy she was laying on. Making him feel really uncomfortable with each passing second. Firm hands pushed her away, trying to get away from the wiggling girl. Finally she dared to look up, her brown eyes locked with deep grey ones. 'That's a nice colour'Ever the curious one, the girl took her time to study her cushion, he was rather comfortable to lie on, even if he was trying to push her away. An older boy, older than her, with thick black hair and tanned skin. A boy who was looking at her with confusion and discomfit, his thick eyebrows knitted together. Something stirred in her belly, a strange feeling, and she could feel herself grow crimson. Before she could dwell on those strange feelings, the girl felt herself being lifted up, separating her from the fascinating boy. He was wearing a silver and green tie and was also already wearing his school robes. 'Ravenclaw, right?' Silently, she cursed for only reading up on the Gryffindor House. "Katie, are you all right?" her mother asked in worry, looking her over, "Are you hurt? Did he hurt you?"In the meanwhile, her father helped the boy up. To Katie's surprise, the boy was almost as tall as her him. The strange feeling in her belly returned."I'm all right, mum. I ran into him," Katie mumbled, her cheeks reddened with embarrassment, "He broke my fall." Her mother turned towards the boy, checking him over like she'd done with her daughter. Katie had to smile at the boy's clear discomfort and his poor attempt at keeping away from her mother's patting hands. "Your Aurelius Flints son, aren't you?" Katie's father asked coldly, his wife stopped her fussing immediately and took a step back."Yes, sir," the boy answered. Katie noted his crooked teeth, strangely not put out by it. Only more intrigued by it. It was a seldom fact that one saw a witch or wizard with an imperfection that easily could be fixed. Even her Muggle neighbour, Larry, had braces to fix his teeth. "You better get back to them, then. No need for your lot here," and with that Katie was led away by her parents. The boy's face hardened and he simply nodded in answer, his fist clenched. Katie watched the interaction in confusion. What was going on here?"Daddy, I didn't get to apologise! Or thank him for catching me!" Katie tried to pry away from her father's firm hold. He never held her like this, not even when he was cross with her."He'll understand, I'm sure," was the only reply.Katie was never told that why her mystery boy was dismissed so rudely that day, before she even got to chance to apologise. "We'll tell you once you're older," was all she was told and it wasn't until her seventh year at Hogwarts when that time would come.Until then, it didn't stop her from watching the dark haired boy from afar that day, standing next his parents, his mum was beautiful, or talking to other boys. The funny feeling in her belly intensifying each time she laid eyes on him. Suddenly, she couldn't get fast enough to Hogwarts. With a bit of luck, she would be sorted in his House. Now if she could only recall which House had the silver and green colours. Maybe, she could ask the Sorting Hat to put her in the same House as the 'Flint boy'. Yeah, that should work. She was sure of it.
