I never set out to fall in love with Hermione Granger. It just kind of happened. I met her on the first day of our first year on the Hogwarts Express when she agreed to help me look for Trevor, my toad that I had lost. I had been so shy and timid, but Hermione had marched confidently into all the different compartments and asked if anyone had seen him. I had been so happy when we ended up in the same house at the Sorting.Her skills in all of our classes had always impressed me as well. She was good at everything, but also willing to help other people out when they were struggling. I never would have gotten through half of my classes, especially Potions, without her. Professor Snape terrified me, but Hermione always stood up to him and anyone else who bullied me. Nothing seemed to scare her, not even when Malfoy and his cronies mercilessly teased her for being Muggleborn, a Mudblood they called her, or when people teased her for being a bossy know-it-all.During our second year, I had been so scared when the basilisk from the Chamber of Secrets petrified her. I trusted Professor Sprout and her mandrakes to find a cure-Herbology had always been favorite and best subject-but the thought of not having her in my life made me sick. Even though she, Ron, and Harry were close and usually didn't have room for anyone else, they let me in sometimes, something I would always be grateful for. I had some friends, nobody super close, but I got by. Hermione was probably the closest, though, and when I saw her walk through the doors of the Great Hall unpetrified...I didn't stop smiling for the rest of the day.By our fourth year, I had a full blown crush on her. Unfortunately for me, she had a full blown crush on Ron. He liked her too, but he wouldn't admit it. They bickered constantly, especially when Hermione ended up going to the Yule Ball with Viktor Krum, one of the other Triwizard Tournament champions, instead of with him. I had asked her too, but at that point she had already said yes to Krum. She was genuinely apologetic too, and even saved me a dance. I still treasure that moment till this day. I was a horrible dancer, stepping all over my date, Ginny's, feet, but Hermione had guided me in such a way that I wasn't half bad.
