Full Summary:Harry is being pulled in two by Ginny and Draco. Draco schemes to get in the way and Ginny acts like a spoiled brat. Ginny is Harry's perfect match; she's beautiful, smart, funny, and was on the right side of the war. Harry and Draco share a son, Leo, created with black magic. Harry, Leo, and Teddy are becoming a family; Draco's great with the babies, but Ginny is not. Harry can talk to Draco, but not to Ginny. Draco's not what he wanted, but is what he wants, not Ginny, no matter how much he wants to want her.Pairings: Starts off HarryXGinny becomes HarryXDracoWarnings: Alcohol induced frotting (dubcon), Slash, Mpreg (Draco), Heterosexual. Snarky, Conniving !Draco. Annoying, Spoiled !Ginny. Mildly Cheating (kissing, touching, frotting) !Harry. Bottom !Harry and Bottom !Draco.Author's Note: Neither Ginny or Draco are evil in this story, but he is sarcastic, scheming, manipulative, and lies when it suits him and she is bossy, commanding, self-centered, borderline greedy, and immature."Follow me," said Narcissa, leading the way across the hall. "My son, Draco, is home. If that is Harry Potter, he will know."Harry, Ron, Hermione, Dean, and the goblin Griphook were forced to follow Narcissa into the drawing room at Malfoy Manor by Greyback and his fellow snatchers. Lucius Malfoy and Bellatrix Lestrange were sitting in a pair of high-backed chairs in front of the ornate fireplace when they entered."What is this?" Lucius asked in his drawling voice."They say they have Potter," said Narcissa's cold voice."You fetch Draco; I'll see to the prisoners," Lucius replied.Narcissa gave a curt nod, before disappearing out the way they came. Bellatrix, meanwhile, was circling the group with a tilt to her head and a crazy look in her eye. There was some chatter then, between Lucius, Greyback, and the snatchers. Lucius wasn't pleased with having the filth in his home, but Greyback was unwilling to leave without full payment. Lucius, of course, needed proof before paying, especially because in his swollen state, Harry so little resembled Undesirable No. 1.The argument was interrupted when Narcissa returned downstairs with Draco, but they weren't alone, for Draco carried a baby in his arms. The baby was young, but capable of holding its head of raven hair up, as Draco carried the child under the armpits with one arm. A pair of bright green eyes flickered to Harry's for a moment, before moving on to take in the other sights in the room. The child was small, definitely under a year, but precisely how old, Harry couldn't say."Well boy?" rasped the werewolf."Is this supposed to be him, then?" Draco asked, approaching Harry, but keeping four feet back. He tilted his head from side to side, as if examining Harry's swollen face. Harry, for his part, refused to make eye contact, never letting his glance fall closer to Draco than the baby."Well Draco? Is it? Is it Harry Potter?" Lucius asked after a few minutes, when Draco still hadn't provided an answer."I can'tI can't be sure," said Draco."Well ask him something only the real Harry would know," Narcissa replied."Alright," Draco told his mother, before turning back to the prisoners. "This is Harry Potter's baby in my arms. Harry ought to know what his son's name is. You there, what is the baby's name?"This statement and subsequent question were so out of left field that all Harry could do was splutter."That's not exactly fair, now is it Draco?" Bellatrix asked in her high pitched squeal of a voice. "Potter never met the baby; unless you told him the child's name before you left school, how would he know?""I did tell him," Draco insisted to his aunt, but shrugged, and turned back to ask another anyway. "Alright then, the Dark Lord has tasked me with looking after Harry Potter's love child. If this boy doesn't know from whom the child was stolen, then he's an imposter for certain.""Yes, that ought to do. Answer him boy! Who is it?" Bellatrix asked with a cackle."Ginny?" Harry asked in a dreading whisper. He didn't understand how it was possible, because they'd been safe every time they'd been intimate and she'd never said anything all summer. She was the only one he'd ever been with, so it had to be her. But if it was her, then what did that mean? Had she been captured? Tortured? Murdered? Their child torn from her grasp? He looked now at the child for any sign of her features; the curve of her forehead or the shape of her cheek. But there was no one there but him and his father in the face, except for his mother's eyes."Ginny Weasley?" Draco asked incredulously. "Everyone at school knew Potter was dating that hag. He doesn't know; he's a fake.""Give 'im another chance!" Scabbior, one of the snatchers, insisted."Well, give the boy another go; maybe Potter was sleeping around," a second snatcher said."Cho?" Harry asked instinctively, knowing that it couldn't be, because they'd never had sex.Draco laughed at that. "Cho!? Now that is the answer of an imposter if ever I heard one. Why he's nothing more than a lookalike sent by that meddling little club of Dumbledore's.""And the girl? What about the girl? She's the mudblood, isn't she?" Greyback asked."Don't know" Draco drawled, shifting the baby to his other arm. "Say something mudblood."When Hermione didn't speak, Bellatrix jabbed her wand into Hermione's throat. "Speak you little wench or I'll slit your throat," Bellatrix threatened."No, please, don't!" Hermione screeched in fear."Definitely an imposter. And the red-head; why he doesn't even look like the Weasel! Lock them up until they're willing to talk and reveal their scheme and tell us why they are trying to break in here by impersonating Potter and his little friends," Draco said coldly.And so the group was marched down to the cellar under the drawing room to join Luna and Ollivander. They scrambled to cut their bonds with an old nail, while listening to a conversation held topside. Apparently Draco wanted to question the prisoners himself, Narcissa thought it too dangerous, Bellatrix didn't trust him and was suspicious, and Lucius said to let Draco go. They paused in their actions, Ron jumping to put his light back in his deluminator, as they heard the trapdoor squeak open once again. That was followed by the sound of footsteps on the hard stone and the faint light of a wand. Then Draco was there on the other side of the bars."Hold tight and don't cause any trouble; I'll come back after everyone's asleep to let you go," Draco whispered. Now that he was closer to the bars, it was clear he hadn't brought the baby with him."Why?" was all Harry could ask."I'll explain everything then, just go along with my ruse for now."Pretend to fight," Hermione whispered."What?" Draco asked."We could hear you, so they should be able to hear us!" Hermione hissed. "They might get suspicious if they don't hear you fighting.""What makes you think I'm going to tell you anything, you pompous little prick!?" Harry shouted, catching on."The real Harry Potter would never talk like that!" Draco shouted back."How would you know? You haven't got two brain cells to rub together!" Harry retorted."This is pointless. I hope you rot in here; perhaps you'll be more willing to talk tomorrow," Draco said, before turning on his heal and ascending the staircase.Once the trapdoor was heard closing behind Draco, the friends returned to getting their ropes severed. They could hear an argument upstairs in which Draco insisted that further questioning was useless, while Bellatrix wanted to torture answers out of the prisoners. Ultimately the baby started crying, Lucius said it was his house, and Bellatrix and the snatchers were ordered out. The snatchers were paid the standard rewards for delinquent students and told to be happy with that, after falling for the ruse and leading the enemy into Malfoy Manor.It was hours before the voices upstairs died down and the inhabitants of the house went to sleep. Long after the house went quiet there was still no sign of Draco and Harry began to think that Draco had lied to them. Then they heard footsteps, the squeak of the hatch, and the sound of someone descending the stairs. Draco appeared by the gate, once again carrying the baby, this time on his shoulder. Even more oddly, he was patting the baby on the back and quietly singing a tune, "Over the Hills and Far Away; the dragon shall scorch my wizard's cap off.""Malfoy!" Ron called out, the first to see the shadowy figure in the dim light coming in from one small window. He'd long since put away the light for the night."Draco?" Harry asked tiredly, standing up from where he'd been resting his chin on his knees and walking to the gate. "I was starting to think you weren't coming.""I had to wait until Leo woke up so they wouldn't notice me coming downstairs," Draco explained, continuing to pat the baby's back."Leo?" Harry asked."I had to name him something that reminded me of you, so that they wouldn't think twice about him being yours. He's not you know; yours that is.""Then why? How?" Harry asked."Harry, I wish to speak with you alone. Do I have your permission to cast a privacy spell?" Draco asked and Harry agreed. He cast a muffliato, to prevent the others from hearing."It's done, now tell me what's going on," Harry insisted."The Dark Lord gave me two assignments to carry out last year. One, as you know, was to kill Dumbledore.""Which you weren't able to do on your own," Harry interjected."Yes, well, it got done; that's the important thing. My other assignment was to seduce you and get myself pregnant with your baby. That, of course, goes against everything I believe in as a Malfoy, so I didn't do it." Draco paused here for a minute. "But I had to do something; I couldn't refuse to his face." Another pause. "I got myself pregnant without you and told the Dark Lord I'd done it. I took a single hair from one of our fights and with it, I performed a bit of black magic to make my son the spitting image of you; that's why he looks like you. The Dark Lord thinks he's yours. He plans to use my Leo to lure you into a trap. When he's ready, he'll reveal the fact he has your son and force you to come running to save Leo. Only Leo isn't yours and he doesn't know that."Leo, is, however, mine," Draco continued. "I'm letting you go to protect him. If the Dark Lord were to find out I lied and that he isn't yours, Leo will be dead. He'd murder my baby. I can't let that happen. I won't hand over my baby. And if he somehow gets my Leo and sets his little trap, you better rescue my son, Potter." Harry's name was spit like venom. "If you don't, I will personally track you down and murder you myself. Is that clear?""Not entirely. I must say I'm still confused by the fact you have a child at all, Malfoy.""I was pregnant already that night on the tower."Male pregnancy was known in the wizarding world, but it wasn't something often talked about. It was considered rude to talk about it in public and Harry had never taken the time to read up on it, so he didn't know how it was possible. He did, however, know that it wasn't impossible."So you are willing to let me and my friends go in order to protect the kid, huh?""You have to take them all with youthey're witnessesthey have to go." Draco pointed to the old man."Well yes, I wouldn't leave without any of them.""Good. Now these wands came with you lot from the snatchers," Draco reached with his free hand into his robes pocket and pulled out a bundle of wands. "I trust that if I lower the anti-apparition wards you will all be able to apparate out of here.""Yes," Harry answered, grateful for a way out."And I have your word that none of you will attempt to hurt me or my son on your way out?""Yes.""And that you, Harry Potter, will do everything in your power to protect my son.""Yes."Draco took some time to consider Harry's promise, before saying, "Not good enough; I require the Unbreakable Vow.""What do I have to vow?""To protect my son with your life.""This could be a trap.""I already told you it was.""And yet you still expect me to pledge my life for your son?""If you aren't willing to do it, then you cannot possibly be the real Harry Potter. Perhaps I should let my Aunt Bella in to question you after all" Draco took a step back, as if he was going to leave."No, I'll do it," Harry said desperately. "But you have to vow to do your best to keep him out of harm's way.""I'd never give my son over to him. The fact that he expects that of me shows that he has no understanding of what it means to be a pureblood.""Then you'll agree?" Harry asked."If you will?""Yes.""I'll cancel the muffliato spell and you get the mudblood to cast the vow.""Wait.""Yes?" Draco asked."Come with us. We'll protect you and the baby. If you're worried about your parents, we'll protect them too. The middle of this war is no place for a baby to be.""It isn't ideal, that's for sure, but we've been safe hiding in plain sight so far. Although, that probably won't be the case once they find out I let you lot go. After you are gone, I'll gather my parents and tell them it's time to leave. My father has a safe house ready for us. Now will you agree to the bond or not?"Harry agreed and it was done. He had to plead with Hermione to go along with it, but they really didn't have time to hash it all out. In the end he'd begged her to trust him and she had. With her own wand, which Draco had given back to her, she cast a two-way Unbreakable Vow in which both Harry and Draco promised to protect little Leo Malfoy.Once it was done, Draco gave Harry one last piece of advice, getting close to Harry in order to minimize knowledge of his betrayal of the Dark Lord. The baby came in contact with Harry's arm in the process and a slobber covered hand reached out and smacked Harry's neck as Draco whispered directly into Harry's ear, "Whatever it is they are hiding or protecting or whatever, it is in my Aunt's vault at Gringotts. The Lestrange family vault in the oldest section of the bank and it's guarded by a blind dragon." Then he left the rest of the wands on the ground and disappeared back up the stairs with the baby.Hermione summoned the other wands and handed them out. They paired up and disapparated to Shell Cottage, escaping from Malfoy Manor without a single casualty, the Sword of Gryffindor safe in Hermione's purse, which was tucked into her sock all along; there was no reason to take it out and they hadn't been foolishly polishing it when Harry said the name. And best of all, they now had a clue to the location of the next Horcrux.Author's Note: There is just this one AU chapter of the war. Next the story jumps to after the war where the meat of the story takes place. Please Review!
