"Alya? Alya, wake up."I slowly open my eyes and turn around in my bed. My father is sit next to me. I smile at him, he smiles back and gently runs his fingers through my hair."Hey Dad", I say, yawning. "What time is it?""Time for you to have your breakfast. Come on, get up."I reluctantly push the sheets away and follow him in the kitchen. Dad and I live in Spinner's end, in a little house. I slowly eat, I'm still half-asleep. Dad is just drinking some tea. Today, we go to Diagon's Alley, to Ollivander's. I am supposed to enter Hogwarts this year, and I can't wait to finally have my wand. I do a lot of magic already, basic things, but a wand is not the same. A wand is like a part of yourself for wizards and witches. When I've finished eating, I go to my bedroom and prepare myself to go.Dad and I walk to the secret entry leading to Diagon's Alley. Well, secret for Muggles, not for us. I firmly hold his hand in mine. I'm not really nervous, rather impatient. While we're walking among people, some teens give black looks to my father. That makes me chuckle. Dad is a professor in Hogwarts, but he's not liked at all. Rather hated. Well, except by Slytherins. The Slytherin pupils nod to him. I proudly smile. I love my father. Indeed, he's not my real father. My parents were Death Eaters during the first war that occurred about ten years ago. They were Pure-Blood wizards, and Slytherins. They were called Alburn and Calantha Jakangs. They were killed by two members of the Order of the Phenix, an organization struggling against Death Eaters, when I was a baby. I've never known them. Severus was my godfather, and my father's best friend at school. I did not have any other family, so he took me in. He has never hidden what happened to my parents, who they were. But, to me, he is Dad. He told me everything about them, who killed them, the Potters, how they called me Alya because it was the name of a star from the Serpens constellation. I kept my family name, Jakangs. Dad says it's better for me, so no one would think I am favoured over the others. I am sure I'll be at Slytherin when we'll be assigned. I can't wait to see the castle, as a pupil. I used to live there with Dad, during the school year. I wanted to follow some courses but Dumbledore, the headmaster, has always refused. Too young, he said. Well, Dad and I buy the books I need and we walk to Ollivander. We open the door of his shop and come in. It seems desert, but, suddenly, he appears on a sliddering ladder."Ah, Mr Snape.""Mr Ollivander", Dad replies.Ollivander's eyes meet mine:"Ah... This must be Miss Jakangs, right?""Indeed", Dad replies.He gets down from his ladder and, while searching for a wand among his boxes, he says:"I've well known your parents, Miss. I remember the wands I've sold to them. Your father's was made out of willow, with a dragon heartstring core. Particularly good for charms and very effective in hexes. Your mother's wand, however, was of yew, with a veela hair core.""What does it represent?" I ask."Your mother was a very smart witch. Very powerful, and slightly unpredictable."I smile and turn to Dad:"What's in your wand Dad?""Unicorn tail hair. And made with ebony."Ollivander walks to me with a wand while saying:"Miss, ebony is made for great and brave wizards, who knows how to use dark magic. Unicorn tail hair means that the wizard cares for his loved ones.""It suits you well", I tell Dad, who smiles at me.Ollivander holds the wand at me and I take it: immediately, I feel a warm wave overwhelming my body and even my mind. As if I was feeling complete bliss. It lasts for some seconds only, but, when it stops, all I can say is:"Wow."I give it back to Ollivander, who puts it into its box while saying:"Rowan wood and phoenix tail feather. 10 inches. Miss, with this wand, you'll be an extremely powerful witch. Your parents would be proud of you."I take the box and thank Ollivander. Dad pays the wand and we get out. We go and have a drink before coming back home. We see Lucius, Narcissa and Draco Malfoy: Lucius and Narcissa are friends of Dad and I talk a lot with Draco, their son. He can't wait to be in Hogwarts too and we both hope we'll be in the same house. Then, joining us, Ashelia Kerr. We have both a broad grin when we see each other and hug for a quite long time. Ashe is my best friend: we share a lot of things. We're both orphans, we're both Pure Blood and our parents were killed by members of the Order. Her parents were very, very close from the Malfoys, and, when they died, Narcissa insisted to take her in. Narcissa would have wanted to have another child after Draco, but a problem occurred during her delivery so she was unable to conceive a child anymore. So, to her, Ashe is her daughter, as Draco is her son. Anyone could notice she's not indeed: Ashe has long hair, as black as Draco's are blond. But Narcissa is a wonderful mother."You got your wand?" I ask Ashe."Yeah."She takes it out and shows it to me:"9 inches, willow and dragon heartstring.""Like my father. Cool.""What about you?""10 inches, rowan and phenix. And you Draco?""10 inches too", he says. "But hawthorn and unicorn hair core."We all smile: our wands are damn powerful. We then talk about Hogwarts, the teachers, the houses. We spend all the day in Diagon's Alley and finally leave on our own to come back home.
