olor Coding- Lady ArachneSummary: The colors used in plays have their meanings, each one a bit different from the others. These colors can best explain the relationship between Harry and Neville. One-shots. (slash)Word Count: 616Blue- calm, cold, formal, spiritual, pure, truthful, depressingAuthor's Note: Takes place after the Battle of the Department of Mysteries (Fifth Year)Edit: After rereading the summary, I realized that this could be mistaken for a chapter-fic. I'm sorry for the confusion, but this is a one-shot collection. *grins sheepishly* -Chapter 1: Blue-Harry tried to feel calm, tried to keep his emotions in check. And for the most part Harry succeeded. The events that have only happened moments before were like a distant memory in his mind. Yet he knew that once he was back in his room at Private Drive, everything would come rushing back to him relentlessly.The old fashioned cameras flashed brightly, dazing him and making him see spots as each photo was taken. There was a buzz in his ears, reporters each trying to get their questions heard.A solid arm wrapped around his shoulders, and Harry looked up, expecting to see the warm hazel-brown eyes of his lover. But dull, blue eyes that were lacking their natural twinkle stared back at him before the gaze shifted to those in front of him. Dumbledore answered as many questions as possible, the threat of Voldemort more real now that he had made his appearance at the Ministry. The Minister and almost every official saw Voldemort, it was hard for Fudge to cover up the fact that the Dark Lord was back now that almost every wizard and witches working the court saw the dark wizard himself in person.Harry was struck with the sudden yearning to have his lover by his side, forcing the other emotions running through him to the side, leaving Harry to feel cold inside. Desperate to see him, Harry's gaze rapidly went around the atrium, taking in the unfamiliar faces when he finally spotted Neville standing a few ways behind him.Harry was relieved to see that most of the injures Neville had obtained during the battle were somewhat healed, but Harry wished that Neville was at his side. Neville smiled weakly, but stayed back and Harry understood at once. The world didn't know about their relationship. They had to pretend that they didn't love each other like one would to their partner, they had to pretend that their relationship didn't go beyond that of being friends. Harry and Neville were thankful to be known as friends, they didn't know what they would have done if they had to act formal around each other in public. If it wasn't for the distractions the Triwizard Tournament and everything that happened after caused, and Hermione's quick thinking, the whole wizarding world would have known about them. The only people who knew about their relationship were his best friends, Ron and Hermione, Remus, Dumbledore, and...Sirius.Harry stifled a sob, the memories of Sirius's death still fresh in his mind. The image of the killing curse hitting Sirius, his body falling into the Veil, and then disappearing from sight, from the world of the living. Harry had never felt such a moment of sorrow and guilt than what he had felt as Remus held him back from following Sirius into the Veil.Harry couldn't believe that such a spiritual thing like the Veil could take someone so important from Harry. The door that linked the afterlife to the world of the living. It took his godfather, the man who was pure at heart, wrongly accused of a crime he didn't commit. The man who had always been truthful to him, tried to keep him informed of the happenings of the Order. Now he was dead, killing a part of something deep inside of Harry, leaving him feeling hollow and cold to the events that happened afterward.Still staring at Neville, he took in the reassuring smile and felt that something slowly healing. Given time, he knew that this depressed feeling would past and he would feel whole again. But until then, he will need Neville and all his friends at his side, for this was only the beginning.-End-Author's Note: Hey, all! This is a new series I've started a few months ago. The idea came to me when we were learning about the uses of colors in plays in my Theater Arts class and I couldn't resist not writing this. Although, now that I'm looking at it, it's kind of poorly written. I've fixed it as much as I could and only hope that you guys enjoyed this! *grins*There's going to be twelve chapters, each with a different one-shot about a different color. I've only got five written so far, and I have to back into the groove of the story before starting on chapter six, so I hope you all will be patient with me. Really hope you guys liked this, please leave a review on what you thought!Until next chapter, cya!-Lady Arachne
