"Severus, Minerva, thank you both for coming here on such short notice," Poppy Pomfrey said, crossing the corridor from the dispensary as she saw her colleagues approach the office. "I know it's end of term and you must be terribly busy but I'm afraid we have some urgent matters to discuss.""What is this all about?" Minerva asked, sinking into a comfortable armchair across from Poppy's desk.Severus said nothing, refusing the offered seat in favor of pacing about the room."It's concerning the first-year Slytherin student who I recently treated in the infirmary."Severus and Minerva exchanged a look. Poppy knew they were all thinking the same thing."He was transferred to St. Mungo's yesterday and I've just heard back from the Healer in charge of his case. Unfortunately, it's been determined he has pertussis.""Pertussis?" Minerva asked, looking confused. "I've never heard of it.""It's a Muggle illness," Severus said, his voice sounding weary. "A highly contagious Muggle illness."Poppy nodded. "Muggles sometimes call it whooping cough. It's most contagious at the very beginning of the illness, when it appears to be only a mild cold.""Then that means...""Everyone in the castle was exposed," Snape ground out, interrupting Minerva."The incubation period is five to ten days," Poppy said. "All of the students and staff will have to be tested for exposure before they are allowed to return home for their summer holidays."Severus paused in his circuit of the room to unobtrusively start a fire blazing in the fireplace. Poppy noticed a small shiver chase itself across his back as he stood with his hands outstretched, warming them. The room felt comfortable to her, but she decided to let his obvious discomfort pass with no comment."Any students from Muggle homes should have been immunized against the illness, so that's something," Poppy continued, trying her best to sound encouraging. "But the students from wizarding families are at high risk, as are all of the staff members."Snape turned and sat heavily in a chair near Minerva. "Why are the staff at particular risk?""Even if they are from Muggle homes and were immunized as children, the immunization loses its effectiveness over time.""And is there no magical equivalent of an immunization against this disease?" Minerva asked, shifting her chair slightly to take advantage of the warmth now filling the room.Poppy sighed and shook her head. "For scrofungulus and spattergroit and any other number of wizarding illnesses, yes; unfortunately, most Muggle illnesses are still overlooked.""Even if there were an immunization, it would be of little use now," Severus said. "Why didn't you keep a containment ward around his bed if you suspected he had pertussis?""You know as well as I that it is nearly impossible to maintain a containment ward fine enough to filter bacteria or viruses. Besides, it appeared to be nothing more than a simple case of bronchitis. How was I to know?"He waved a hand in grudging acceptance. "So we've all been exposed," he said tiredly. "Does that mean we'll necessarily become ill?""We may or may not," Poppy said. "There will be a team of Healers from St. Mungo's arriving tomorrow to determine if anyone else has been infected and to take steps to eradicate the bacteria from the environment.""I'll admit I haven't been feeling myself today," Minerva said thoughtfully. "But I assumed I was coming down with a summer cold."Severus crossed his arms, studiously ignoring the pair as they continued talking."And it's possible that's all it is, " Poppy reassured her. "But to be absolutely certain, the Healers have asked that anyone with concerning symptoms be isolated until the infectious period passes. In other words, any students or staff who show signs of the illness will be sent to St. Mungo's for two weeks.""Oh, Poppy," Minerva said miserably. "Surely they don't expect us to stay at St. Mungo's all that time?""I would imagine they would, yes," Poppy said, tapping her fingers on her knee restlessly. "Unless we can think of something else.""Can't we stay here in the ward?" Minerva suggested."Impossible, I'm afraid. The Healers have insisted that the castle be evacuated while they work. It would do no good for them to clean the area and then have us reinfect the space.""Then why can't they wait until we've recovered?" Severus broke in impatiently. "If we're truly ill, that is," he added as an afterthought."It's nearly end of term," Poppy said. "The students must be examined before they're allowed to return to their homes and the team of Healers is already assembled and will arrive in the morning. We have no other choice.""I refuse to go to St. Mungo's," Severus said flatly."I'm afraid we must, unless we can find another place to stay for two weeks.""I have nowhere else to go," Minerva protested. "I had planned to stay with my sister this summer, at the manor, but I certainly can't now. The entire family will be there and I can't risk passing this along to the youngsters.""No, you're quite right, it does tend to hit children harder than adults," Poppy said. "So we'll have to think of another location."She turned to Severus, who was now sitting with his shoulders nearly touching his ears, "I don't suppose you know of a private, secure location with enough room for the three of us?""Your innocent look is not fooling me, Poppy," he said. "I know exactly what you have in mind and the answer is, unequivocally, 'no.'""I know it's a terrible imposition, but it would be for only two or three weeks. At any rate, I would think you'd be much more comfortable in your own home.""It's out of the question," he said. "Besides, I doubt very much that I'm ill. You two will simply have to find another place to..." Severus paused and massaged his forehead with one hand. He took a deep breath and tried to continue, but sneezed instead.Poppy passed him a handkerchief from her desk drawer. "Like it or not, I'm afraid you are ill," she said. "Whether it's a cold or pertussis remains to be seen, but you might as well admit we're in this together and help us find a workable solution. Unless, of course, you'd prefer to spend your convalescence at St. Mungo's."Severus held her eyes for a moment and then sagged slightly in his chair. "Very well," he said with a sigh."Excellent," Poppy said. "Now, there's no reason you can't both Apparate to Spinner's End this evening, once you're packed and ready.""Just a moment," he said. "This is your 'workable solution?' You decide where we're to stay and when we're to leave?""If you're already having symptoms, then the sooner you can isolate yourselves, the better," she said. "And if you're still here when the Healers arrive tomorrow, you will almost certainly be packed off to St. Mungo's. It's your choice."Poppy turned her attention to Minerva, who was looking uncertain and worrying a loose thread on the arm of her chair."Before you even ask," Poppy said, "It's been arranged for Filius and Pomona to oversee the students tomorrow. Everything will be taken care of, don't worry."Minerva and Severus exchanged another look, which the matron ignored. She stood from her desk. "Best get a move on before you both begin to feel worse," she suggested. "The illness progresses rapidly once its gained a foothold."She raised an eyebrow at another stifled sneeze from Severus. "Bless," she said mildly.He gave her a curt nod and in one swift movement, rose from his chair and strode from the room. He paused outside the doorway and then turned back to address Minerva."I shall meet you at the Apparition point in one hour," he said.
