Maiden of the ManorChapter One- The Bitch SwitchThe Muggles were gone. All of them. At least that is what we were made to believe. I had my doubts. If Voldemort was anything he was a cunning liar and in his stead deceit, death and treachery reigned supreme. You might remember me, Hermione Granger? I used to be a bright student with a budding future. Some even called me the brightest witch of my age, but that was a long time ago. I used to spend my days in the library, pondering the great mysteries of the Earth, but now my days are filled up by chores. "Clip my toenails, Mudblood," the Master of the house said as he pulled off his sweaty socks and propped his hairy foot up on the foot stool. I ground my jaw and huffed when he lifted his left cheek off the cushion of the sitting chair and then proceeded to pass gas. Revolting! And this is what is considered nobility in Voldemort's new wizarding world? Does he really think that I am going to go anywhere near his gnarled, yellow toenails?"Perhaps you'd like to use the toilet first," I bit out and he scowled at me."Get the manicure kit from the upstairs loo and don't dawdle missy! I'm due at the ruddy Malfoy's for tea. Fucking no good twat. He and his father deserved to rot in the ground for their lackluster performances during the war. If it wasn't for my cousin Astoria and her charity, he'd be rotting in the ground right now I say! He's as slippery as they come too. Tried to get me to fund one of his failing Apothecaries, and then when it did fail he blamed me. Bastard!" he shouted as I hurried up the stairs to retrieve the toenail clippers. Garden sheers were probably the more appropriate tool for the job at hand. I giggled under my breath at the thought."Rub harder boy," I heard the Mistress of the estate say when I passed by the master suite. She was a plump and squat woman who had a tongue like a pit viper and an affinity for the leather strap. After the first lashing I'd received when her corset didn't fit and several of the strings broke as I was dressing her, I did my best not to provoke her. I frowned when I saw Brett, kneeling before her with his calloused hands wrapped around her pudgy feet where he was forced to give her a foot massage. He nodded to me and I shot him a sympathetic glance as I proceeded on my way."Took you long enough," the Master grumbled under his breath. I lifted the hem of my dress and knelt before him. Suddenly his hand flew and I felt the sting of his slap against my cheek."Do that again and you're likely to lose a toe or two," I muttered, angrily as I held my swollen cheek with my hand."What did you say, Mudblood?" he snapped. He was hard of hearing so I would often get away with calling him all sorts of colorful names. In that way, Brett and I had it good. Most of the muggle-borns who had been placed in Pureblood homes as the new found slave class of people in the wizarding world were perverted, sick, wankers. I'd heard stories about male servants being forced to pleasure their Mistresses, and indentured slaves like me served as glorified whores for their Masters. I didn't have that problem though, because my Master was older than dirt, and the Mistress was so fat that she had enough trouble waddling to the loo so she mostly stayed put in her room. For that reason and that reason alone, I was thankful to be the house maiden to Sir Smelly Stench and his wife Grotesque, otherwise known as Smithers and Greta Staunton, Lord and Lady of Wiltshire."Oh nothing," I said."Well hurry up then!""With the use of a wand I could give you a right fine pedicure. I could even remove the crust and corns," I said with a hopeful expression."Just use the clippers," he growled. "Ow!" he shouted when one of his clipped toenails shot up like a boomerang and hit him in the eye. I tried my best to stifle a giggle as finished up on his crusty feet."You did that on purpose," he snarled at me."To do that I would have to control both the gravity and the air, but yes Sir, if you say so," I said with an eye roll as I stood and made my way into the loo. I used the hand soap where I scrubbed at my fingers profusely and then when I was done, I scrubbed them again."Brush you hair and put on the green dress. Greta wants to make an impression on my cousin Astoria."You mean Greta wants to stick it to Astoria Malfoy in that she has title and money and that even her slaves wore dresses made from fine linen? "Yes Sir," I replied instead. Ugh, tea with the Malfoy's? Could my day get any worse?~~~0~~~"Lord and Lady Staunton, so good of you to drop by," Astoria twittered in a upper crust, posh voice that made me want to hurl. It was so put on as she ushered us into Malfoy Manor. I wasn't as nervous as I'd been the first time the Staunton's brought me there. It was two years prior when I first visited Malfoy Manor. It was the first time I'd been there since the night that Bellatrix Lestrange tortured me under the Cruciatus curse. I remember trembling as I stood next to Greta who was sipping tea in the parlor. Astoria noticed my unease and then as if to rub salt in an already open wound, she preceded to tell the story of when Harry Potter was taken captive and how I was tortured along with all of my friends. I was forced to stand idly by, holding back tears. I cried for a week after that. Thankfully, I'd not had to see Draco Malfoy that day; he'd been out of town on business. I was certain that he put Astoria up to it. The gleeful expression on her face spoke volumes. I remember asking her how she knew about the events of that fateful night, being that she wasn't even there. She smirked and told me that it was one of Draco's favorite stories from the war. I got the leather strap that night, ten lashings across my back, for the mere reason that I questioned Astoria about that. I was told that I was a Mudblood and that I must never talk down to a Pureblood."The servants have prepared supper. Please, if you will take your seat at the head of the table Lord Staunton," Astoria said as she ushered us into the formal dining room. I knew the ropes, so I stood in the corner of the room next to the Malfoy's servant. My eyes went wide when I saw her blackened eyes. She lowered her head, clearly ashamed of her appearance while I scowled at the blond, arsehole who sat at the head of the table wearing a formal, gray suit. "Draco, I thought we decided that my dear cousin, Lord Staunton would sit there," Astoria quipped. She looked uncomfortable and my Master was beginning to grumble."But this is my seat," Malfoy argued and Astoria looked as if she might pop her face turned so red. "But as our guest, please, take my seat," he finally said after a long pause and then he gave his chair to Smelly.I stood idly by as course after course was served. I secretly worried as I watched Greta stuff her face with Cornish hen and potatoes. If her corset were to pop during dinner then I'd surely be meeting the leather strap later that night. When she took a heaping scoop of mashed potatoes and slapped it down upon her plate I had to step in. I could see the back of her dress and those ties were not going to hold. "Mistress, let me take that for you," I said, stepping forward and reaching down to take her plate. She slapped my hand away and the whole table grew silent."You dare to touch my plate with your filthy, Mudblood hands, and while I am eating it?" Greta screeched."Bronwyn, get Lady Greta a new plate at once," Astoria ordered her slave and she appeared completely flustered. Their servant nodded and then hurried from the room."I have a switch if you wish to punish your slave," Astoria offered. "Draco, get the switch, the one with the thorns on it," she said and I gulped."Certainly," Malfoy said but he did not move as I stood there nervously awaiting my punishment. Instead, he snapped his fingers and a house elf appeared at his side."Yes, Master Draco?" the diminutive house elf who wore only a dirty loin cloth around his waist asked."Bring more mashed potatoes. The Lady Greta is fond of your cooking. Oh, and also bring the thorny switch that Astoria is so fond of," he said and Greta's face dropped. I knew how she felt about house elves. Since the war had ended and all the muggle-borns were rounded up and then designated as indentured servants, it was frowned upon to still use house elves. To Greta, and to many others, it was an indicator of class and wealth. Why use house elves when you could use muggle-born witches and wizards? Wandless muggle-borns mind you, because if I had a wand I'd have hexed the Mistress's tits off long ago."Smithers," Greta gasped at Malfoy's revelation that the elf had cooked supper."Now, now, it's alright love," Smelly said, growing nervous. I saw the slight smirk on the blond's face and it baffled me. Malfoy had always been about wealth and stature. Perhaps the rumors were true, in that the Malfoy's fortune was taken from them by Voldemort as a means of paybacks for their failures and that it was Astoria and the Greengrass fortune that allowed them to live in modest luxury."Draco, I thought I told you to get rid of that beastly thing!" Astoria bellowed and she stood from her chair. "Lord Smithers and Lady Greta, I apologize for the boorishness of my husband. I assure you that no elves were used to prepare this fine dinner. All the cooking in this house is done by the Mudblood servants. We are short one slave after Simone took a nasty fall, but we still have two other slaves and they are fine cooks," Astoria rambled."Yet you still have an elf on the premises cousin," Smelly said."Jasper has been with my family for decades," Malfoy said."I don't like it, not at all. You're scum, Malfoy. Cousin, are you in need of assistance? It's against Voldemort's law to keep a house elf," Smelly said. "Perhaps I could spare one of my Mudblood servants? I wouldn't want it to get out that a house elf lives in Wiltshire. As Lord of this land it would fall on me should it come out that my cousin's worthless husband owns a dirty, house elf.""And one who cooks food!" Greta said shocked as she fanned herself."You know, fuck this," Malfoy said. He pointed his index finger at my Master and his expression became serious. "You know what you are? I'll tell you what you are. You only got this position over me because I refused to eat Voldemort's festering shit. That's right, I said it. We all know that's what it takes to become a Lord in these parts, and that isn't all of it, is it? No you also had to-" Malfoy said but then he was immediately cut off by his wife, Astoria."Draco!" she seethed. "We graciously accept your offer of a Mudblood servant. My husband will dispose of the elf at once. Won't you Draco?" she said and I watched curiously as Draco Malfoy huffed, threw his napkin down on the table and sauntered off."You can have Brett. He's young and strong," Smelly said and I sighed with relief that it wasn't me who was being shipped off to live with Astoria and Draco Malfoy. Don't get me wrong, I hated my existence, but living with my childhood tormentor and his gaunt, skinny wife was not an idea that I relished. I'd clip Smelly's toenails a thousand times over before I willingly submitted to living with the Malfoys'."Yes, we've had better luck with male servants. Thank you cousin," Astoria groveled."You can't have Brett. Brett is my servant. Give them your servant, Smithers," Greta demanded. "Hermione is utterly useless. She back talks us to no end.""Nothing a good lashing can't solve," Astoria quipped and she shot me a wicked grin."My slave? Er" Smelly considered it as I leaned forward with bated breath."Please Sir," I begged. At that Greta stood and hit me with her pudgy fist. She was so short that she missed my cheek altogether and instead hit my left breast. It hurt. A lot. What hurt more though was watching my Master and Mistress depart without me. I was abandoned as I stood next to the mousy girl with the black eye, the one who was called Bronwyn."Draco!" Astoria howled like a banshee the moment that their guests left. "Get down here!" she bellowed as we were led to a wash room that was just off of the kitchen. I saw the large washing basin for clothes and a rack for hanging clothes on, along with some cleaning supplies. The basin was full of water."Hold your breath," Bronwyn whispered to me and I went on alert."You called?" Malfoy asked as he appeared in the doorway where he leaned lazily in the doorjamb."You! You!" she shrieked and then I heard Bronwyn take a deep breath as my eyes went wide. "You bloody well did that on purpose. You embarrassed me in front of the Lord and Lady with that damn house elf! Didn't I tell you to get rid of it before they got here?" She was enraged, but Malfoy's face was cold and expressionless. I gasped when she reached forward and fisted Bronwyn's hair in her wiry fingers. She then proceeded to dunk her head under the soapy water of the wash basin as Bronwyn held her breath."I wasn't thinking. Just calm down Astoria," the blond said but my eyes were on Bronwyn who had been under for what seemed like an inordinate amount of time. I worried for her and my eyes welled with tears. I had to do something. I couldn't just stand there and watch Astoria kill the innocent girl. About the time I'd decided that I was going to wrestle Astoria and free Bronwyn, she heaved the girls head up and Bronwyn took a lifesaving breath."Merlin," I murmured."Oh you're next, Hermione. What Bronwyn got is nothing compared to what you are going to get," she said through gritted teeth."No, you're not doing that to me," I said as a matter of fact."Draco, where's my switch? The dunker isn't enough for this rude, Mudblood," Astoria said and I wanted to deck her. I balled up my fist at my side."Upstairs in the wardrobe, exactly where you left it," he said casually and I stared daggers at him. He was enjoying it all, the sick, sadistic bastard. He probably got off on watching Astoria torment the slaves. Hecht, she'd mentioned that their last servant had taken a nasty fall. She or Malfoy himself had probably pushed her down the winding staircase that led to the upper floors of Malfoy Manor. I felt white-hot lightning course through me. They both had wands. I could see Draco's sticking out of the front pocket of his trousers as Astoria shoved past him and stormed from the room, all the while cursing under her breath about no good Mudbloods."Hurry," Malfoy said when his shrew of a wife left the room and I gaped when I saw him unbutton the back of a sopping wet Bronwyn's dress. Her dress pooled at her feet and she was wearing nothing under it, no under garments at all as she stood naked with her back turned to Malfoy."No way! Please, she can't be more than seventeen," I begged. "If you touch her, I'll kill you with my bare hands," I snarled and then he reached for his wand."It's okay," Bronwyn said meekly. "You don't understand." Befuddled was an understatement as I watched Draco Malfoy raise his wand and whisper an incantation. I recognized it immediately. It was a pain blocking charm. I'd used it many times myself, especially during my seventh year when Harry, Ron and myself spent a lot of time hiking through the woods. We often ran into briars and pricker bushes that left us cut and bruised, not to mention our aching feet. Pain blocking charms were a godsend."Granger, take off your dress," he demanded when he was finished with Bronwyn."What? No, I can't," I said feeling modest and scared."My wife is nutters, surely you can see that? Do you want to feel the full of her wrath? It can be pretty bad, just ask Bronwyn," the blond said with a sense of urgency in his voice."II can't," I said and tears burst from my eyes.~~~0~~~I lost count after twenty, when the pain became so intense that I passed out cold. In retrospect I should have stripped down and let Malfoy cast the pain blocking charm on me, but at the time I was mortified at the thought of undressing in front of him. "She got you good," a male voice said and then he had the audacity to laugh as I lay on the plain, wood framed bed face down on my stomach, the bed that was apparently my bed. At the Staunton mansion I was able to have my own room, and it was tastefully decorated. That was in direct contrast to the quarters that I found myself in, where there were four single beds, three of which were taken, one by me."Shut it Cormac!" Bronwyn yelled and then she sat down next to me and pulled something out of the pocket of her plain, servant's dress. Cormac, why does that name sound familiar? It was a jar and she held it in front of my eyes so that I could read the label that was scrawled in calligraphy. It said Healing Cream. "May I?" Bronwyn asked and I nodded. She gently unbuttoned the back of my dress but when she opened it and the cool air hit my back I howled out in pain. "Merlin, it hurts.""Yeah, I know. I'm not feeling it because of the charm the Master put on me," Bronwyn said as she uncapped the jar and began to spread the soothing cream over my torn up back. "I'll do you and then you can do me," she said."God that feels good," I said and it did. The tenseness I'd been carrying in my shoulders and back and face for that matter, slowly evaporated away."Master makes it in the cellar.""You got this from Malfoy?" I asked, stunned."Yes, he""He's a pussy," Cormac interjected. "He was a pussy back at school, and he's a pussy now," he said and a light bulb went off in my head at that moment."Cormac McLaggen?" I asked, unable to see him as the room was lit by the lingering flame of only one candle."Hermione Granger. I had the hots for you," he said and my mood sagged. Great just great, I thought to myself. Not only do I have to put up with Malfoy and his deranged wife, but now I am bunking with McLaggen? He was a prat and an idiot- a jock who I could never stand the sight off. "We were lovers," the jackarse said and I sat up and whirled around, forgetting that my dress was undone. I pointed my finger at him and gave him a piece of my mind."We were not lovers, not ever, so don't you tell lies, Cormac," I said with vehemence. With the shadows in the room I didn't notice the door open, nor the added presence in the room, that was until he cleared his throat."It's lights out. If you lot don't stop talking you're likely to wake Astoria," Draco said as he stepped between mine and Bronwyn's beds."Hermione," Bronwyn whispered and my eyes shot from Malfoy who was staring at me with a surprised look on his face, to Bronwyn who was motioning to her chest. I turned my eyes down and then I froze when I saw that my breasts were in full view of not only Malfoy, but everyone in the room. I quickly pulled my dress up."Just five more minutes? Hermione was about to do my back," Bronwyn said and Malfoy nodded."Just keep it down. Alright?" the blond said but I just ignored him. I was thankful for the healing cream, beyond thankful, but I wasn't about to actually thank Malfoy for giving it to us. After all, it was his wife who had brutalized us in the first place! "Oh, and nice tits," he said, his voice dripping with sarcasm."I was on my side. I missed a titty shot?" Cormac asked and Malfoy chuckled as he closed the door. I gulped and my face flushed in embarrassment."By next week you'll be sucking his cock," Cormac said and I gaped as I smoothed the healing cream over Bronwyn's welted back."When hell freezes over," I scoffed."Don't listen to him. Master Draco is a kind man.""She's just saying that because she's already sucking his cock," Cormac laughed."I am not! He doesn't see me like that," Bronwyn said and I thought I caught the faintest sounds of regret in her voice, as if she wished that she was blowing Malfoy. "Besides, he's just saying that because he is shagging the Mistress. Yuck," Bronwyn said."Your just jealous because Malfoy isn't fucking you. I know you're in love with him. I see the way you look at him when he's not watching," Cormac fired back at the meek and mousy girl."He's smart and handsome, and he takes care of me when Astoria goes off the rails," the young Bronwyn said and I wanted to shake her."Bronwyn, you're a muggle-born, not a Mudblood and you don't deserve to be hit or drowned or taken care of by a man who calls himself Master! None of us do." I let out a sigh as I continued rubbing the cream over her bruised and wounded back."I've never been hit," Cormac piped in and I found that hard to believe."He's not lying. You'll find out tomorrow. Cormac gets all the easy work. You and I have all the shit chores. Astoria shags him when the Master is at work.""Really? Does he know this?""Dunno," Bronwyn replied and I heard her yawn."He doesn't know, and if you say one thing you little bitch, I'll go out in the woods and find the biggest switch with the sharpest thorns and I'll give it to Astoria to use on you.""You are a jerk. You were always a jerk!" I shouted.~~~0~~~The next few weeks went by with only a few minor incidents. By that I mean punishments, because that is all there is in the life of an indentured servant, that, and an endless list of chores to be done. I was put in charge of the grounds, which meant a lot of landscaping without the use of a wand. In other words, I did a lot of playing in dirt. I was sure that Malfoy did that to me on purpose, just as a means of needling me. I hadn't forgotten all the times he'd called me Mudblood back in our school days, and even though I was a woman now, I hadn't quite gotten over that particular taunt. It was degrading and completely baseless. Blood purity didn't matter, not then, not ever! But to the wizarding elite it was everything. They displayed their family trees with pride, even if they were all a bunch of demented murderers. Above every Pureblood mansion door was mounted the family crest. The Malfoy one had been taken down though and replaced by the Greengrass crest which hung proudly over the gaping, double doors of the Manor. I grew angry as I stared at it. It was a reminder of my servitude. I was planting some petunias, Astoria's favorite flower, in a bed near the stoop when I picked up a clod of stinking mud and hurled it at the family crest. I gasped when the door opened at that precise moment and someone stepped through it. My mud clod hit him square in the face, dirtying his finely tailored suit."What the hell," he shouted and I cursed under my breath. I'd ruined his tie for sure and probably his shirt. It was mid morning, the time that Malfoy left for work at the Ministry. I cringed as I watched him wipe the mud from himself. I was covered in it up to my elbows. "Granger," he said with gritted teeth."I'm sorry, it was an accident," I said nervously. He did not look happy as he marched across the garden, flattening several of the flowers that I'd just planted, where he yanked me up by the arm. I found myself standing in his towering gaze, his silver orbs boring into me. He was too close and I could smell his expensive cologne. It was woody with the faintest hint of Bergamot. Without thinking I inhaled the masculine aroma. The small gesture was not lost on Malfoy as he stared at me curiously."You've ruined my shirt and tie," he said."I know. It was an accident," I said again."No it wasn't. You did that shit on purpose. I've been nothing but nice to you since you arrived and this is what I get?" he barked."I'm your slave! Am I supposed to get down on my knees and" I cut my words off when I realized that I didn't want to give him any ideas."And what?" he fired back."And nothing. Look, I wasn't aiming for you, Malfoy," I said in all honesty."No? Then what were you aiming for?""Not a thing, really. My hand just slipped," I lied."Bullshit, Granger." My eyes gave me away as I stared up at the family crest above the door. He followed my gaze as I nervously held my breath. If he tried anything, I had a fighting shot at getting his wand, we were standing that close and it was jutting out from his pants pocket."I hate that crest," he said in a low voice."Well that makes two of us," I said. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a million chores, lest I meet the Bitch Switch again," I said carelessly. I'd since nicknamed Astoria's pain giving switch as such, but I didn't dare say it in front of Malfoy. It was a bad slip of the tongue but I still wasn't used to having a Master that wasn't half deaf. You virtually had to scream to be heard when Smelly was around, but Draco's ears worked perfectly fine. Blast. He was staring at me too and it unnerved me."Come on," he said and he gripped my arm again."Draco, I'm sorry," I said as he led me off towards the nearby forest."Draco? Don't you mean Malfoy or better yet, Master?" he said stopping at the edge of the forest."Didn't I say that?" I mumbled as he dragged me through the trees. "I said I was sorry. Where are you taking me?" I asked growing worried."You'll see," he said knocking branches out of our way as I was forced along against my will."If you tell my wife about this place I'll take a switch to you myself," he said when we came to a clearing next to a pristine lake. It was a glorious sight. The morning sun glinted off the surface waters of the lake giving it a silvery hue. It was breathtaking and I stopped to admire it. I cocked my head and watched as Malfoy cast security enchantments around us. When he was finished, he once again dragged me through the soft grass where a small cabin was erected. He stopped at the door. "What are you waiting for? We're here," he said and he motioned to the door. I turned to him and gulped. Merlin, he's going to rape me now. I'd heard all about Pureblood Masters and their bedroom kinks, and I was not about to find out about it firsthand. I tried to duck around him, but he blocked me. "Go in. Now," he demanded."Malfoy" I said, my eyes pleading with the blond."Go," he said sternly. My hand was shaking as I turned the metal door knob and with a creak, I pushed it ajar. Yeah, it was pretty much my worst nightmare. There was only one room in the small cabin, and it was a bedroom. My eyes darted to the bed that was erected next to a fireplace and then back to him. He closed the door behind him, and then loosened his tie. My lips began to tremble when he slowly unbuttoned his shirt, exposing his pale, cut abs when his shirt finally fell open."Malfoy, no. I'm a virgin," I said but he only smirked."I'm twenty-two and you were in my year, which also makes you twenty-two, no?""Yes," I said through quivering lips."The war ended five years ago, during which time you've been a slave, no?" I nodded."How? How have you managed to stayintact?" he asked, careful of his words. I narrowed my eyes on him."You should remember," I said sticking my chin out. "I have a good right hook." At that Malfoy rubbed his cheek as if remembering. I thought that would dispel any perverted delusions that he had of defiling me in any way. I was wrong."Strip," he said."I can't. Look, I'm sorry for what I did and for what I said. You didn't have to give us the healing cream. You were right and I was wrong. Please," I begged again."Granger, strip.""I" I turned my back to him and then began to slowly undress as my heart pounded in my chest. I felt a dam of tears behind my eyes and they were threatening to overspill their banks. To make matters worse, I could feel his eyes feasting on my nakedness as my dress fell, pooling on the floor at my feet."Turn around," he commanded and I bit my lip so hard I could taste my own blood. I closed my eyes and did as he asked, but in my mind all I wanted was his damn wand and I was plotting at how to get it from him. "Open your eyes." I shook my head, no. "Granger, I don't have all day. Open your fucking eyes." I opened my eyes and then inhaled sharply when I saw his lean but toned arms and chest. Malfoy had grown up and into an attractive man, even if I found looking at him worse than eating live cockroaches, not that I'd done that, but I would rather that, than to have to look at his smug face. Still, once you got past that, I had to admit that he was striking."If you're going to do it, just do it, but know that I will kill you for it. I'll bide my time and then""Shut up, Granger," he said cutting me off. "You don't want to get your clothes wet, do you?" Astoria gave us only one shabby dress to wear with no undergarments and I was vividly aware that I was standing stark naked before Draco Malfoy, my Master."I don't understand," I said, covering my arms over my chest. It was a practice in futility though, because my nether region was completely exposed and Malfoy didn't even try to hide the fact that he was happy at my unease as his eyes roved up and down my body.""You will wash my shirt and tie in the lake. There's soap and a brush on the shelf. Use it," he said and he tossed his mud caked, wadded up, shirt at me and then he turned and opened the door. I gaped as I watched him swagger to the banks of the lake where he bent down and washed the globules of mud from his face and neck. He then sauntered over to a hammock that was erected by the shore. "Hurry up, Granger. It's warm right now, but they say it might rain later," he called out to me. I reached for the soap and then crept cautiously out the door. I still had mud up to my elbows as I toed the effervescent waters of the hidden lake. It was cool, but not cold as I waded into the waters. "Do be sure to get all of the mud out, won't you?" he said and I turned and glared at him. He chuckled under his breath as his eyes ravaged my breasts. I tried and failed to wash the shirt with one hand while my other attempted to cover myself. It was no use,I couldn't do both. He's already seen you naked. At that admittance I dropped the arm that was covering my breasts as I slowly began to scrub at his shirt."Mmm," I heard him growl under his breath as he watched me intently. I wanted to hex him!~~~0~~~Review?*I know I have some unfinished stories that are drastically in need of updates. I can't promise anything, but I will try. The Ravenclaw Liaison is on hold for now, that much I can say and it isn't because I don't have a story in mind for it, I do. I just don't feel like writing Dark Harry right now. Sorry :( Broomsticks, I have a big twist planned, and I just need to write it and stop procrastinating lol
