A/N: This story surged after endless hours of reading Time Travel stories. I love Luna and Hermione... put them together and I'm all mushy. I mostly read HP/HG as that's a couple that had many good stories and I do like Harry, but, though I also love Lunar Harmony,I feel that there are very few Luna/Hermione stories out there, so I'm trying to contibute to that fandom as much as I can.Bear in mind this is pretty much AU and as last time I checked Luna and Hermione were both girls, this story contains FEMSLASH. You've been warned.SUMMARY: She's made a deal to change history and save the one she loves the most. Now, she is back in a body five years younger than she should be, abused, orphaned and with a sentence to carry out, but with just one goal: kill Voldemort and hopefully, see those she loves living a happily-ever-after. Travel-Time story. AU starting on GoF on both time lines. Luna/Hermione and several other pairings. I owe nothing except my crazy muse... and that's really just because she's nice to let me think I'm the one in charge.Chapter One  The Orphan(Summer of 1991)"Hey, mum, how can we know a kid is magical?""Is obvious, silly, their parents are magical.""Shut up, Sony, nobody asked you. Besides, Mum's parents were Muggle and she's magical!""Boys, boys, calm down. Why do you ask honey?""Well there's this girl I've seen in the library every time I go there. She's really small and she was trying to reach a book from the highest shelf. It looked like an accident, but the book fell on her hand and she'd been trying to reach it for a while now. It remembered me that time Sony summoned his griffin from above the piano when he was little.""And why didn't you help her get it down? You usually are very helpful around the little ones.""I'm not little!""Yes, Sony, you are! I didn't help her, Mum, 'cause when I got to her she simply stared at me and stared until I left her alone, she didn't say anything, she simply stared I think she was scared of me. I hung around in case she hurt herself she was kinda trying to climb the bookcase.""Oh. Well, honey, knowing for sure if it was magic is really complicated. Magical boys and girls usually do magic, accidental magic, but for we to know for sure we'd need to live with this girl and see if she does other magical things, like change her toys' colors, or even vanishing her vegetables.""Muuuum! Harry's laughing at me again!""Well, Sony baby, if you didn't vanish your broccoli he wouldn't be laughing, would he? Either way, Harry, if you have a name I can ask Professor McGonagall to see if she's in the school's waiting list.""I don't know her name, Mum. The kids at the library call her Frizzy Beaver 'cause she had really bushy hair and large front teeth, but I refuse to call her that!""Oh, oh, oh! I know who she is! Anton's brother goes to school with her! He calls her that but her name's Granger.""No, Sony, Nick's in second grade, she looked younger than that.""I'm telling the true, Harry, she's six and Nick's always laughing at her 'cause she's really slow and the rest of his friends like to mock her a lot.""That's not nice, son. So this Granger girl is in second grade? What's her first name?""Yes, Mum, she is. She's a weird name, I can't really remember, sorry.""Well, in any case I'll see McGonagall at the start of the term and ask her if there's any Granger girl waiting to be invited to Hogwarts."XxXxXLily Potter stared at the address and name she had been given. Then she looked again at the building in front of her. Then she stared again at the piece of parchment and the emerald letters that had caused her so much shock in such few minutes.Hermione Jane GrangerRoom 27, Wool's OrphanageLondon.That was a mistake, she was sure of that. She could still remember that conversation they had a couple of days after Harry had gotten his invitation letter. Both her boys were excited when the regal barn owl had floated into the kitchen and had twirled around twice before landing in front her excited first-born. She remember how Harry had asked her about magical children and how to identify them and then how Sony, her sweet baby boy, had given them the girl's name.There had been something in the way Harry had asked and described that little thing that had compelled Lily to search for her once term started that year. Deputy Headmistress McGonagall had helped her skim the records the Acceptance Quill had made from that year onwards, it had been clear there was no Granger in Harry's year, and they were both shocked and bemused to find that the girl was set to start Hogwarts not too long after Sony. Being born on August 31 at precisely 23:59 was a feat none of the witches had ever seen before. Miss Granger had managed to enter the 1994 generation by a margin of just mere seconds.The school records also had showed her where the girl lived and what status was her blood. The address was a necessity to inform the kid of the invite to enter the school, while the blood status was the factor that decided if a Staff Member needed to contact the child personally. The redheaded remembered all that information regarding Miss Granger. That was why this was so wrong.She remembered the girl living in Devon, near the town the Potters had settled in with the Longbottoms, Diggorys, Bones, Abbots and Weasleys. That was the reason why her boy had seen her around the town library almost daily and the fact that she was Muggle had made her smile back then, knowing she would have the opportunity to introduce her to the magical world. None of his boys had gone to school with her, though, so she could not approach her before her time without a good enough excuse, and, as she worked in Scotland most of the week for nine months a year, she had not much time to look for her.What had happened in just a handful of years to have the girl in an Orphanage?Looking again at the tall, grey building she could not but help wonder what kind of life a ten years old girl could have. The place looked clean, and sure enough she could recognize that the children in there were well kept as she was currently watching them play around just behind the iron gates."Are you here to be a mommy?" A little voice asked her and made her slightly jump. Looking down she saw a young blonde girl behind the bars staring at her with big, green eyes. She looked not older than five and was a tiny little thing.Crouching down to be at her level, Lily Potter smiled. "I'm sorry, darling, no. I'm actually looking for someone." She tried not to wince when the little girl's mood dampened. "Do you know any Hermione?"The girl shook her head, no, she did not know. "That's a weird name."The redheaded smiled at the innocence of this cutie. "Do you know how I can talk with the manager?""Ring the bell." The little blonde pointed a square just beneath the Orphanage's plaque at the side of the gates. "All of them do it.""All of them?""The mommies and the daddies." The girl shrugged before skipping away to resume her game of hide and seek.Lily Potter shook her head amused. Ah, to be young again. Raising form her place near the ground she did as the girl suggested. After a couple of seconds a crackling voice was heard from the bell's speaker. "Wool's Orphanage, how may we help you?"The witch could not help but smirk. If any other would have come they would have no idea how to deal with the situation. The only reason she was given this job was her Muggle heritage and she was so proud of it in moments like this. "Good morning, ma'am. I'm Professor Potter and I'm looking for a young girl." She said over the buzz the speaker was making."Oh, good morning, Professor. Is your first time adopting?"Lily winced. That was not what she meant. "I'm sorry, no. I'm looking for a girl I was told is currently living here." She waited a second. "Is there a way I could talk with the manager?""Wait a moment please." She was ordered as the speaker's buzz stopped altogether.The redhead took that moment to look over her appearance again. Being Muggle-born she had better sense of fashion than the other magical people yet she had to admit that no matter how in touch she was with her 'common' side, the years living in the magical world and coexisting with flamboyant characters such as Albus Dumbledore, Sirius Black, and her own husband, had altered her way of dressing and mannerisms. She just hoped that her rather dull grey pencil skirt and white blouse was not too inappropriate to visit an orphanage. It was fine to impress the families of the other Muggle-born she had already visited today, but maybe it was just a tad too 'social-service-like' for this place.She did not have to wait long. After a couple of minutes she saw how a short, plump woman came at a quick pace to meet her at the gate. She was maybe in her fifties, with her salt-pepper hair pulled back in a thigh bun. She noticed relieved that the woman was wearing something very similar to her outfit."Good day." Said the lady in a warm inviting voice. "I'm Matron Rice, you just talked with one of our nurses."Lily accepted the offered hand and shook it happily. She could not help but think what an offence that would be in the magical world. Physical contact between two strangers was frown upon and only friends or close acquaintances could dare to shake hands. It was hilarious. "Nice to meet you, Matron. I'm looking for a girl I was sent to talk to. My school is highly interested in her."The older woman nodded at once and led her into the imposing building. She noticed with relief that the place was clean and well keep, even if it was a little too on the depressing side with its walls a light grey and floors and ceilings white. The dcor surely fitted an asylum more than an orphanage, but who was she to complain?She was showed to a small poorly decorated room whose only residents were a desk with a high chair on one side and two smaller ones on the other. The wall colors were a little more 'festive' with a washed out light blue over the ever present grey. "So Professor Potter, pray tell me what kind of school searches for girls in orphanages?"Lily smiled slightly. Yes, she would doubt her credibility if she were the manager of an orphanage too. "First I need to know if the girl is indeed here. My boss is adamant that the school stays as hidden as possible and I have orders not to talk about it to anyone other than the girl's guardians."The short woman frowned. "I don't like that."The redhead shook her head. "Neither do I, but I'm sworn to secrecy. The only thing I can tell you is that we deal with special kids.""And if the girl is here you will tell me everything then?""That's right.""Fine. Who's the girl?" The woman said as she turned to a small cabinet behind the desk Lily had not seen when entering."Granger, Hermione Jane. Age ten, please."The woman stopped short, not even looking for a file. "You must be wrong, Professor, there's no reason for a school to want her." She glared at Lily. "What kind of joke is this?"Lily frowned, this was so not what she was expecting. "I'm sorry, ma'am, my school is never wrong. I cannot tell you right now exactly why she is important, I need to meet her first, but I assure you this is no joke."Marissa Rice shook her head, a little less than furious. "That girl arrived here a year ago and is in no state to attend any kind of special school. By God, she's not even fit to live here; she'll be healthier in an asylum."The witch's eyes widened, there was no reason why a little girl like that should be send to an asylum, no kid was fit to live there. But she was also not supposed to live in an Orphanage. "What about her parents?"The woman reddened. "Beg your pardon?""What about her parents?" She repeated. "My information says she's got both parents alive. Please don't ask how we know that, but I'm sure something bad should have happened to them to have her here"Marissa Rice breathed deeply; this woman had no reason to know about that girl's case, so she was not really at fault at how stupid she was being. "Miss Granger was brought here a year ago." She closed her eyes before opening them again, the friendly twinkle on her eyes long ago forgotten to be replaced with hatred. She took a moment to search for a file on the cabinets behind her desk before returning to Lily. With a look that could easily freeze hell over, she started reading. "She was found in her home in Devon badly injured and spent the better part of a month in a coma. She was found with several bones broken, a punctured lung, and a cracked skull." The woman sighed again, this time the sorrow in her eyes were unmistakable. "She was also found to have va-vaginal and a-anal tearing requiring stiches and with clear scarring that the doctor said indicated continued trauma"Lily was shocked into silence. She was no blind to the horrors of the world, having participated in a civil war not too long ago had seen to that, but to know there was a monster out there, hurting little children like that" The girl won't speak, but the father confessed to the crimes, as did the mother. That both were drugged and filled to the gills in alcohol just incriminated more." The manager continued. "We have no idea how she managed to inform the police, but she reported her parents and paid the price for it had the emergency services had gotten there just half hour later neither of us would know of her. They both got life sentences after almost killing her, and that's not counting the years they have to serve for the abuse the girl suffered before that. She has no physical damage for her voice, but she refuse to try and communicate with us. Sometimes we hear her scream in the nights, sometimes we hear her cry, but she won't talk to anybody, not even the counselors." The woman turned pleading eyes to the redhead. "If this is the child you are looking for, please leave her alone." She was not blind, this woman in front of her was shocked at this news, and the revulsion her face was portraying made it clear she had no idea about the girl in room 27."I- I didn't know, ma'am." Lily whispered brokenly. That girl, witch or not, did not deserve the cards life had dealt her. "But maybe if I can speak with her we can try and see if she's interested? I promise we can help."Marissa Rice blinked back tears. In all her years working with abandoned and abused children this case had been the most impacting and hard she ever came across. Normal protocol would forbid her to get this strange woman, who had not shown any form of identification, to be near a kid but desperate times called desperate measures. If this woman could be able to help the little girl that had all their hearts bleeding, it would be a relief for all the doctors and social workers involved. Maybe she would finally open up. "How do you plan to do that?"The redhead had her ways; she was a witch after all. "If I can speak to her for five minutes, alone, I can determinate how well she is. I-""I can't let you do that." The older woman sighed. "I can't let you be alone with any kid in my charge, specially this one that had suffered so much. I'm sorry."Lily Potter nodded. That she understood perfectly well. This may or may not be a good idea, she was not cleared to talk about magic if she was not sure the girl staying in room 27 would want to do anything with magic but then again, she was a witch, she could tell the woman everything and then, if the girl was not interested, she could easily Obliviate the woman.So, tapping into her 'Muggle-inducing' training, she started explaining who she worked for and why she was looking for Miss Granger.XxXxXSometimes she could not believe what she had done.Sometimes it felt like a dream, like a damned nightmare that had come to her dreamscape to never leave. Sometimes she asked herself if she had made the right choice, if she had changed the line enough, or more than she was supposed to. Sometimes her mind wandered to those she willingly left behind, she wondered what had come of their lives and their new futures, and the things her mind came up with made her smiles for days. Other times, though, she prayed to whoever was listening for her to be finally dead, to finally let go and succumb to the darkness, to let her drift in the bliss of not breathing, of not being it had taken her a long time to be able to escape her parents and the nightmares that were a side effect of what she had done more often than not made her beg for respite. But, then again, she knew she had only worse things expecting her on the other side. Her next great adventure was to be filled with pain and sorrow for the eternity, and she signed up for that. Willingly.Knowing one changed history must felt amazing. Knowing it was one's choices that had made it all better, that had stopped a war; that a choice had countless of deaths prevented and multitude of lives altered all for the better, or at least, most of them for the better, should feel empowering. She felt not such a thing.She never planned of being here, in this position, in this awful place and in this very room. That was just life mocking her in the cruelest way. Sure, she had managed to keep her magic, memories, knowledge and power, but she had lost everything else everything changed, and just for a choice, for a bargain. She regretted nothing.She inhaled deeply, faintly wincing at the pain that caused her on the chest. Her ribs were recovering finely after her last bout of uncontrolled magic, and they barely hurt now. It was not accidental magic, no, she had too much control for that, but it was uncontrolled as her body was still too weak to really cope with the things she brought back with her. It had been a long time since she last breathed easily, and not only for the cracked bones she had accidentally snapped time and time again. She was safe here, or at least she was safer than where she had been spending the last ten years of her life. Physically she was more or less fine, but mentally, not so much. The memories plagued her.She eyed the small golden cup that she was holding gently. It had caused her so much trouble lately, its power and compulsion charms making her own magic lees stable, but after months of trying to get it finally she had it. Now she had to find the rest of them, destroy them, destroy the man that created them and be done with it. That was why she had done what she did, even when it was all messed up.Coming back was something strange for and on itself. Not only had she 'consciously' came back to a reality in where everything was so totally different from what she knew, but she had to came back when shit really hit the fan. Added to that, she had to deal with 28 years of memories from another life and 6 from a current one with domestic and sexual abuse just to spice things up.She had always known she was adopted, or rather, Maya, had known she was an orphan since she could pronounce the word. Her adopted parents had wanted her to have something to remember her real parents by, so they had never got around legally changing her last name, and modified her middle name; she had been called Hermione Jean Granger in honor for her adopted mother not that different from her birth Hermione Jane.Her parents, the Grangers, had been killed a couple of months before she turned two. An explosion had caused their death, along the death of ten other ten Muggles, in East London. She had been a lucky baby that night, a severe case of chicken pox had attacked her and sent her to the Hospital, forcing her parents to leave the girl overnight and thus saving her life if little Hermione Granger had gone home with them, she would have died in mere seconds.'Sometimes a second is all you need to die.' She thought grimly. Time was relative, it always had been and it always will be. A second is all that was needed to change everything, just like her choice had changed her real parents' deaths."Hermione?" A voice she was getting to know called her from behind and she instantly hid the Cup in her oversized sweater. She had been sitting in the window's sill of the small room she had been provided, overlooking the front yard and the kids that were so happily playing tag while contemplating the miseries of her life. The woman all of them called 'Matron', even when she could tell the woman knew nothing of medicine, was talking to her, again, and she wanted nothing to do with her. "There's someone here that knows you, darling."That was new. There was no one who knew who she was. Nobody knew her and for a moment she panicked thinking that they had gone free, that her parents had found her not that they would be allowed near her so soon, she rationalized. She blinked to the window, neither accepting she had heard the older woman nor refuting it."Miss Granger?" A sweet voice called to her and she had to fight with herself to no stiffen. What the hell? That voice was familiar, totally strange, but familiar. "I'm Professor Potter, and I'd like to talk to you, please?"Hermione turned slowly, trying to keep the shock and incredulity out of her face. She was met with a redheaded woman, a witch with emerald, passionate eyes 'Harry's eyes.' She thought, before she was overcome with a more pertinent, and accurate, thought. 'Oh, shite.'XxXxXLily Potter breathed a sigh of utter sadness as she closed the front door of the Manor, stepping fully into the foyer of the ancient house. The interview with the little girl had gone better than she expected, not only did the girl was indeed magical, magical enough that the girl had showed quite the incident of accidental magic when she had asked the girl if she was who the Professor though she was.The girl was tiny, littler than her son Sony, always the smaller of her boys, when he was eight this, this little thing, was not malnourished, nor she was as weak bodied as she expected, no, but she was short and petite enough to be carried around in Lily's arms as easily as a toddler. The redhead was sure if she dressed her right and combed her hair in a pair of ponytails, then she could pass as a first grader in any Muggle school. Her body was fit, as fit as an almost eleven-years-old could be, and she was sure there was some muscle in her, yet she looked so fragile she was scared the little one would shatter with the wind. Her pale face and dark rings of her eyes gave her a haunting look she felt the need to erase.She was so cute, so tiny, so huggable how was it possible for her to be treated in such a horrible way? On top of that, this was the girl her sons Harry and Sony had somewhat known. She doubted she was as slow as Sony had said, but she had not attended school since coming back from the hospital. And she was powerful, really powerful, as the shattered window and toasted mattress would testify after her sudden accident. After that, convincing the then dubious Miss Rice that the girl was a witch and that magic existed was not such a great deal.It was then when her problems truly started.The woman has been so freaked out that she had starts screaming murder into the small girl's room and it had been painfully obvious what that had done to the girl. She had recoiled into herself, in the smallest ball of human flesh she had ever seen and had started trembling with undisguised fear, silent tears streaming down her cheeks as she held her head in between her hands, almost whimpering in terror.It had taken Lily the better part of an hour to calm the older woman enough for her to Obliviate her. There was really no other choice there, as she was threatening on calling the police on both of them. She then have to plant in the woman's mind the story that she was looking for a daughter to adopt, a girl small and lovely, but old enough to look after her personal hygiene and responsibilities, and then, she had to convince the other woman that she had been presented to Hermione with rather good results and that the girl had happy with her in the room.So, practically, she had offered to adopt the little girl that had shocked her world so thoroughly in the last couple of hours. The Matron had loved her for that."Lily-Love?" A soft yet powerful voice called to her from upstairs. "You home?"She closed her eyes briefly. She was really upset about what she had learnt of Hermione and James would instantly pick it up. She had wanted for a couple of hours to herself, to see if she could came up with a plan to tell her husband of 16 years that she had offered to take a kid a Muggleborn little witch with heavy luggage and a mile-long list of problems. "Yes, love, coming!" She yelled if only to gain a couple more of minutes to herself as she went looking for her other half at turtle pace.Sure she could tell the Matron she had changed her mind, and then send Minerva herself to deal with the woman and Miss Granger, but then again, she did not want to. She felt a tug towards the little bushy-haired girl and she was not so sure she could forgive herself if she ended abandoning the girl to her fate like that. Here she had a chance to give the girl a better stand in life could she really do it?"Hey, love, why the long face?" Was she first thing out of James' Potter pretty mouth, just as Lily had predicted, already knowing something had upset her. "Something happened with the Muggleborns?"In order to give the Muggleborn kids more time to adjust to their new status the school had opted to visit them all around Easter Hols instead of summer break, and, just being the second year that had been in operation, they could tell this new plan was working. Not only did they give them more time to prepare, but they also gave them time to study their customs and traditions as to not appear too different in their new life. It had been a good week, Hermione being the last one of her rounds, and James knew that she was done with the visits after today, so seeing his wife so crestfallen had put the Head Auror in panic mode instantly."Love," Lily started hesitantly. There were no words to explain him exactly everything so maybe she simply needed to tell him. "How would you like a daughter?"A/N: So here is my next story. Sorry for those who follow me and were waiting for me to post the 'Reunited' or 'Unlovable' preomised seque... the Harry Potter world would not leave me in peace. Please leave a review and tell me what you think. I won't be posting the next chapther until I'm finished posting 'Stay Forever True', my other HP story.Thank you for reading.
