Harry thought he heard an owl's hoot over the din of a rather large Sunday afternoon Quidditch watch party, but dismissed it and turned back to the television (a gift from George and Ron to their parents). To the delight of the Weasley family, Harry, Hermione, and their school friends, Ginny had successfully earned a spot as a Chaser for the Chudley Cannons. Today, the Cannons were facing the Tutshill Tornadoes in a one game playoffthe winner advanced to the League Cup, a feat that the Cannons had not achieved in nearly a decade and a half."But this is the year!" Ron crowed, his face flushed both from pride in his sister's accomplishment and from drinking a few glasses of Firewhiskey to keep his nerves settled. "Even with," he grimaced, "Gudgeon as the seekertheir offense is strong, the goalkeeping decent enough. They've gotta win!""Definitely, Ron," Harry nodded. Auror training left him with precious little free time, but he received constant Cannons updates from both Ron and his Quidditch playing girlfriend. "Specially now with Ginny on the team, they're scoring a lot more than they used to. Even if Gudgeon can't get the Snitch, they might have enough points to win anyway!"An audible sigh came from Harry's right. "Boys and their Quidditch," Hermione shook her head, but she was smiling all the same. "It's beenwhat, nearly two years since we left Hogwarts, and you're still just as obsessed?""Quidditch is our life blood, Hermione!" Ron protested. "It's""It's just bloody cool, really, when you come down to it," Harry mentioned, grinning."Yeah!""It's only a game!" she insisted."Ginny's on the team now though! And watching Quidditchit's tradition, and you know how much us wizards love tradition," Ron countered, but there was no heat in his voice, only good natured ribbing. Hermione couldn't always comprehend why wizards were so resistant to change. "Imagine if they had computershow much faster research could get done!" she constantly cried. This differing view on wizarding life had caused a few spats between Ron and Hermione, but they had moved past it. Whereas the old pair of them squabbled over the tiniest things, like whose turn it was to take a minute and apply a few Scourgify charms to the kitchen when they were done eating, they had toned down their arguments recently."It's just part of wizard culture, Hermione," the redhead continued. "Imagine if I said you couldn't read books anymore, and"Her mouth opened and closed a few times. Ron noticed the warning, angry glitter of her brown eyes and backpedaled, adding hastily, "Not that I'd ever ask you to do that, since I love you so dearly, butthat's what it would feel like to most blokes if you told them they couldn't watch Quidditch.""Well, I guess I can understand, when you say it like that. Well put, Ronald," she complimented him, then gave him a quick peck. "And throwing in an I love you never hurts."There was a break in the actiona spectator had gotten smashed in the face with a Bludger. Harry heard the furious pecking as the noise level in the Burrow dropped considerably."Alright, alright." He hoped it wasn't a summons for him, as he'd lost quite a few lazy Sundays to extra Auror training already. His fears were unfounded, however, as the envelope bore the Hogwarts crest. "To the Weasley family, Ms. Granger, and Mr. Potter. The Burrow." He laughed at how Hogwarts somehow knew where even graduated students were at any particular time. He slit the letter open with his finger as he walked back into the living room, but a huge gasp from everyone distracted him from reading it."What's up?""Listen!" George said. Lee Jordan was the commentator. "Yes, and Gudgeon is out, having been knocked clean from his broom by that Bludgerwe'll have to see who the Cannons bring on to the field coming out of this timeout, but this does not look good for their chances."Everyone groaned."And, now that the captains are done consulting with the referee, they're off againhmmlet's see the substitutes. Ginny Weasley looks very much out of position for a Chaser at the moment," Lee observed. "Playing more where a Seeker would, come to think of it. Andoh my, Ginny Weasley is the replacement Seeker, just look at her go for that Snitch!""C'mon, Ginny!" the Weasleys roared. Even Hermione's gaze got glued to the TV."Tutshill's Seeker is closing in, though. Yes, Evan Brind'Amour has a chance, but Weasley's gaining speed, dropping in from above!" Jordan cried. It looked as though Ginny and Brind'Amour's paths were about to cross when the Snitch took a hard turn forward, away from the diagonally flying Ginny."They're right there, who will get it?" Lee yelled. Brind'Amour stretched his arm out, the Snitch inches from his grasp. And"WEASLEY DIVES FOR IT!" A flash of orange burst in front of the Tornadoes' Seekerbut there was no broom.Mrs. Weasley and Hermione screamed."She's okay!" George shouted. "Her broom followed her, she's back on it, she's alright. And" Everyone looked dumbstruck. There was Ginny, triumphantly punching the air, speeding toward her teammates on the ground, ready for a giant bear hug."SHE'S GOT THE SNITCH!" Lee yelled. "Ginny Weasley with the grab of the decade! Better than Potter, better than Krum! Absolutely incredible! And listen to this crowd, witches and wizards! Looks like we've got a new fan favorite in townand if I'm not mistaken, it sounds like some Hogwarts alums are putting a twist on an old song," Lee laughed.The Chudley supporters roared:Weasley is our queen, Weasley is our queen! This redhead is our favorite witch, For she's the one that caught the Snitch, Let's go toss Gudgeon in a ditch! Weasley is our queen!"They did itSHE did it," Ron yelled, high fiving and hugging everyone in the cramped room."That was something." Even Hermione had to appreciate the skill. She smirked at Harry. "Better than you, huh?""She probably is by now," he admitted. "Man, just watching a matcha playlike that can take a lot out of you. Anyone want anything to drink?""How about some Butterbeer for everyone?" Arthur asked.Harry set down the letter, pulled his wand out of his pocket, and called, "Accio Butterbeer!"Nearly everyone caught the drinks. Ron had been rehashing Ginny's catch with George, rather than paying attention to the flying beverage, so his glass struck him in the side of the head."Ow!"George nearly fell over laughing."Sorry, mate," Harry called over the noise.He finally opened the letter and scanned it for information. "Heywe're all invited to Hogwarts for its 1,100th anniversary of its opening. It's in two months, near the end of August.""Brilliant!" everyone chorused.Harry grinned. His girlfriend had just sent the Chudley Cannons into the playoffs, and he was going to get to visit Hogwarts for the first time since he'd graduated. For once, Harry Potter got a blessedly uncomplicated and happy day.
