Hi! This is my first story here, but I hope it's good. Hope you guys like it.Please Review~PuntenDisclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of the characters. I wish I did, but it is not going to happen."Stop it Ron!" Hermione yells at Ron. Harry walks in. "What's wrong?" Harry asks. Hermione looks at Harry. "Ron is under the impression that Draco Malfoy is a death eater." Hermione explains.Hermione and Ron had argued for the last half hour. Just sitting in the middle of the Gryffindor common room and bickering back and forth about the same topic."Seems reasonably to me." says Harry."What?""I would say that fact might be true." said Harry.Ron looks at Hermione. "Ha. I told you!" he says."Just because Harry says that it might be true doesn't mean anything." says Hermione stubbornly."Why are you standing up for him Hermione?" says Ron. Harry and Ron look at Hermione questioningly.Hermione's eyes widen and her cheeks start to get hot."Umm.. No reason. I just don't think that he's a death eater." says Hermione.Ron and Harry give each other questioning looks. Harry shrugs it off."Whatever. Ron why do you think Draco's a death eater?" asks Harry."Well. Ever since the beginning of this year he's been acting a little strange." says Ron."Doesn't he always act weird." adds Harry snickering at his comment.Hermione looks down at her watch.7:00"Shoot. I'm going to late." Hermione mumbles to her self."I have to go." says Hermione cutting off whatever Ron was going to say next."Why?" asks Ron. "I.. uh.. need to go.. and..uh..study." says Hermione.Ron and Harry laugh. "Same old Hermione." Harry says.Hermione snickers. "Yeah. I.. uh.. got to go.. um.. Bye." Hermione says as she leaves the common room."Tell me your mission again Draco." says Pansy as she hangs on to Draco's arm.'Bloody Parkinson.' Draco thinks, but tells his mission again anyway, because he never gets tired of bragging about it to his fellow Slytherins. Even if it was the 10th time he's told it."Fine. Just don't touch me anymore." Draco says while smacking her hands off him."Voldemort assigned me to take over my father's spot as a death eater." Draco says while rolling up his sleeve to show his dark mark."He told me that I have to kill Albus Dumbledore." says Draco.Draco made sure not to tell anyone about the part where Voldemort said that if Draco failed he would punish his father.He didn't want to sound like the only reason he was doing it was to save his father.Of course he wouldn't be afraid to tell one person. Someone who would understand.Someone who might even help because they felt bad for him.He was meeting her tonight in one of the secret passages that she told him about.He met her every night at the same time and place.He hasn't told her yet, and he knows she won't be too happy hear it.But after he explains the part where he's only doing it to save his father she'll probably understand.After she freaks out and tells him to go to the library to find a way to get out of it.Bloody Gryffindor.
