Hello! This is my first longer story (my first three were one shots). I'm not sure how long it's going to be, I'm still in the process of writing it. I'm hoping to get at least 50 reviews! Please follow, favorite, or review!Chapter 1: Hermoine"Mum, I'm back!" Rose called from the back door. Rose was home for Christmas vacation from her fourth year at Hogwarts.I walked into the kitchen asking, "Where's Hugo? Shouldn't he be with you? If you've lost your brother, Rose-""He's at Dad's," Rose replied while she hung up her coat. "I don't think he's taking the breakup well." Rose was worried about her brother. He always was the more emotional of the two."I think we all are," I replied. Ron and I had gotten a divorce the month before Rose and Hugo started the school year. Rose knew Ron and I were having trouble, but it was a surprise for Hugo. I sat down heavily in a kitchen chair."Mum, he's okay. I can call Dad to make sure if you want," Rose soothed as she rubbed my shoulders. I was extremely tense these days."Sure, you do that. And make sure Ron tells Hugo that he needs to be home by six so we can eat," I instructed. Rose waved a hand to show she had heard as she walked into my study. I put my head in my hands. Taking care of a growing witch and wizard, and keeping a job at the Ministry, was hard work. Even harder now that I was divorced. I made sure I wrote letters every week, but it was easier when it was just Rose at school, and Ron had helped with the letters."Yes, Dad. He needs to be home by six... It's for dinner... Yes, Mum's fine... Please, Dad. I need to go help Mum... Yes, I understand... Fine, I'll visit you tomorrow. Are you happy with that?... Don't forget to bring Hugo home!" The phone was slammed into its cradle and Rose walked back into the kitchen. "Sorry, Mum. Dad was giving me a rough time about not writing to him. Apparently he really needs to talk to me.""Oh, that's fine. You can visit him tomorrow," I smiled. I didn't want to show my pain of Ron not wanting to see me. I thought he still wanted me, but I was wrong."As long as you are still here for Christmas dinner," I replied. "I know it's not for another three days, but it's going to be the three of us and an old friend of mine.""Old friend?" Rose smirked. "Or secret admirer?" She giggled."Rose! It's just an old friend! He just divorced and is living by himself. His wife and child moved out Saturday, and he doesn't want to be alone for Christmas," I scolded. I couldn't tell her it was Draco who was coming. She grew up on the stories of how awful he was. I didn't want her to have any prejudices against him."What's for dinner?" Rose asked as she opened the fridge. She obviously didn't care about the surprise guest as much as I thought."I was thinking we could order takeout. I wanted to do some work tonight so I didn't have any for the rest of the week," I replied. "Where would you like to get it from?""Can we do Chinese? We haven't had that for a while," Rose said a she closed the fridge. "I have a potions essay to write anyway, and I think Hugo might have a charms essay.""Yeah, order for all of us. I'm going to go start," I said as I walked out the kitchen. I closed the door to my study and slumped in my chair. My study consisted of a cherry wood desk, and a plush chair. Two walls were lined with bookshelves containing many magic history volumes, spell books, and magical fiction. My wand rested on top of a pile of papers on my desk.I picked up my wand, remembering the day I found out I was a witch. Being muggleborn, I was constantly the outcast in the muggle world, so learning I was a witch was the best day of my life. I remember school shopping. Wands, parchment, quills, ink, owls, everything a muggle wouldn't need for school.I put my wand back on my desk and picked up a paper. I was recently working on a petition for better treatment of muggleborns. Being muggleborn, it was a hard subject for me, especially since Ron, Harry, and... Draco constantly bugged me about it; Ron and Harry had gotten better about my blood status since we had first met, but Draco constantly reminded me of it every chance he got. His aunt even gave me a scar, 'mudblood' it said. At least Draco left me alone for fourteen years, until two nights ago.I was walking up my front steps when a voice behind me asked, "Granger?" I turned around to see Draco standing on the sidewalk, his hands in his pockets."Malfoy? What are you doing in my neighborhood. I thought you still lived in the manor," I blubbered."Um, Astoria and I just divorced yesterday. We both moved out of the manor, and I... I bought a flat out here. I thought you lived in the borrow?" he said."W-we divorced in August. I live here with Rose and Hugo," I responded. My eyes welled with tears as I thought about Ron. He wasn't happy with something, and he would never tell me. We constantly argued until we filed for divorce."I'm sorry," Draco said."And I, about you." We stood there for a few awkward moments."Well, I have to get back home," Draco said as he walked away."Wait! Malfoy! Are you alone for Christmas dinner?" I called."Yes.""Wo-would you like to join us?" I asked."Um... Yeah, I mean, yes. I would like to," he responded. "And please, call me Draco.""Okay, Draco. I'll see you on Christmas then," I said as he walked away.There was a knock on the door, "Mum, the delivery man is here. You need to go pay," Rose said from the other side."I'm coming," I responded as I got out of the chair and walked to the front door. I payed the delivery man and put the bag of food on the table."I'm home!" Hugo called as he threw open the door. "And Dad said that he wanted to know why Draco Malfoy is joining us for Christmas dinner!"Thanks for reading the first chapter!
