Just A Typical Weasley Christmas, Right?- Lily Becomes A SnowmanHello everyone! First, I'd just like to thank you for pressing the handy dandy link to this story. This is my first fanfic so please give feedback. Below is a list of the families and ages/years that the characters are so that you won't be completely and utterly confused when you are reading this story:Ron and HermioneRose (18 in her 7th year)Hugo (15 and in his 5th year)Harry and GinnyJames (18 and one year out of Hogwarts) Albus "Al" (17 in his 7th year)Lily (15 in her 5th year)George and AngelinaFred (19 and one year out of Hogwarts)Roxanne "Roxy" (16 in her 5th year)Bill and FleurVictoire "Vic" (23 and married to Teddy Lupin)Dominique "Domi" (20 and two years out of Hogwarts)Louis "Lou" (19 and one year out of Hogwarts)Percy and AudreyMolly (20 and two years out of Hogwarts)Lucy (15 and in her 5th year)Neville and Hannah LongbottomAlice "Ali" (17 and in her 7th year)Frank (15 and in his 5th year)Luna and Rolf ScamanderLorcan (15 in his 5th year)Lysander (15 in his 5th year)Katie and Oliver WoodXavier (20 and 2 years out of Hogwarts)Draco and Astoria MalfoyScorpius "Scorp" (17 in his 7th year)Seamus and Lavender FinniganMiranda (18 and one year out of Hogwarts)Haley (17 and in her 7th year)Remus and Tonks (deceased)Teddy (25 married to Victoire Weasley)This story will be in Rose's Point of View and not all of the characters listed above will be in the story, but they may be mentioned. Also, some of the pairings above are not canon such as Seamus and Lavender, and Katie Bell and Oliver Wood. In addition, Miranda Finnigan, Haley Finnigan, and Xavier Wood are my OCs. Most of the characters ages are also non-canon except for the ages of the characters that appeared in The Deathly Hallows and then their birthdays are also non-canon so that would also alter their ages.Quote of the Post: "Just because you've got the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have." ~HermioneDisclaimer: Sadly I am not the amazing J.K Rowling *sigh*(Sorry about the really long author's note they won't normally be this long)And without further ado please enjoy Just A Typical Weasley Christmas, Right?Just A Typical Weasley Christmas, Right?Lily Becomes A SnowmanRoseI woke up when a hyperactive redhead jumped on my bed (which I was happily sleeping in, thank you very much) while her brother simultaneously poured a bucket of snow on my head (no he couldn't have dumped water on my head like a normal person. No, he just had to use snow. Then again, I would've killed him either way.) Lily, who had just successfully catapulted me out of bed and into a furious heap on the floor, smirked before racing out the door (smart move, Lily.) James however was not as smart as his sister and he simply smirked down at me.I spluttered, frozen and soaked to the bone, and quickly snatched up my wand from my dresser, intent on making James wish that he were never born. I pointed my wand so that it was level with his face."Wait Rosie! You're not of age! You can't do magic outside of school! Did I mention that you're my favorite cousin?" James protested. I smirked in response."Chiroptera!" I yelled, watching in amusement as James' bogies turned against him and began attacking him. I'm such an awesome cousin aren't I?I picked myself off the floor and gingerly walked over James, who had dropped to the floor in a futile attempt to thwart off my bat bogey hex. I don't know why he'd even try to protect himself that way. He should've learned by now that there was no escaping my bat bogey hex. After all, I did learn from the best.As I was about to leave mine, Alice, and Lily's room I turned around."Oh and James, honey," I said in a sickly sweet voice, "try to remember your so called 'favorite cousin's' birthday. I turned 18 three days ago and you were at the party too." I shook my head. You'd think that he'd remember my birthday after he'd attended a huge party for it three days ago and I turned of age over a year ago. I mean honestly, talk about a short-term memory.I turned and walked down the hallway, my pajamas dripping from my abrupt awakening. I smirked as I saw the back of a short redheaded girl (yeah I know that doesn't really clear things up since it's Christmas at the Burrow, but too bad.) The cat in her hands gave her away. Lily loved cats to the point that I think that she would marry a cat if she could (though I don't think that Lorcan would appreciate that.)I tiptoed behind her while carefully levitating a conveniently placed bucket of snow outside of Domi's room. (James must've been about to wake Domi up. Though I don't know why he'd pick to wake up the two girls who were definitely not morning people and had the fieriest temper to wake up, but don't ask me. James has never been the brightest.) The bucket of snow hovered over Lily's head, slowly tipping. Just as the first snowflake was about to fall she said, "I wouldn't do that if I were you, Rosie."Shocked that I was caught (I was never caught), I lost control of the bucket and the snow fell out of it, plummeting onto an angry Lily's head. The tabby cat yowled and frantically raced away, resembling a running snowball. Lily furiously ripped the bucket off of her head and I was surprised that the snow didn't melt from her anger. (I stand corrected. Lily may be the fieriest of us all.)Knowing that if I stayed then Lily would hex me into oblivion (she was never one for rules and the law regarding the use of magic outside of school never seemed to apply to her. She always blamed the adults or our older, of age cousins), I raced out of the room and flung myself down the stairs and into the safety of the living room (which had a lot of witnesses.)I launched myself over the couch before landing safely on it next to Al. I looked over my shoulder, breathing heavily with my drenched red curls wild and in my face. Al silently took in my soaked, harried state before raising an eyebrow and returning to his conversation with his girlfriend, Alice Longbottom. (Sadly I couldn't invite my boyfriend/best friend because although the animosity had died down over the years it would still be extremely awkward since it was Christmas.) I greeted Alice (after all she was one of my best friends even if I will never understand why she would pick to date Al of all people. Now don't get me wrong, they were perfect for each other and Scorp and I had even set them up, but it still grossed me out when I walked in on them snogging.)I looked over my shoulder again, expecting to find a murderous Lily sprinting down them, but to my surprise I saw a newly dried Lily skip down the steps in her pink and white polka dot pajamas and she took a seat next to me. That reminded me, I flicked my wand and was instantly dried. I looked at Lily, surprised that I hadn't met my untimely doom.Merlin! She had that evil glint in her eyes! It was never good when that happened. The last time that happenedlet's just say that it wasn't pretty. She smiled innocently at me, and I warily smiled back. What was going on? Lily always got revenge and she never backed down from the annual Weasley-Potter prank war. Speaking of whichI smirked as I watched Fred walk through the doorway, sporting his brand new blue Weasley sweater. However, just as he walked into the living room his outfit transformed into a tight, frilly pink dress with the words "JAMES IS THE PRANK MASTER. BOW BEFORE HIM PEASANT" printed across the chest in neon orange letters. The look was complete with bright red lipstick, pink stilettos, and several pink bows in his auburn hair. The look on his face was absolutely priceless! It was a cross between shock, humiliation, and anger so strong that it was close to murder. I collapsed onto the floor in laughter; tears of mirth streaming down my face."JAMES!" I heard Fred scream as he darted up the stairs to go kill my cousin. I looked over at Lily, who had collapsed onto the floor as well from her fits of laughter. She wiped away her tears, unable to keep the enormous grin off her face."That was you wasn't it?" Lily questioned. I was shocked and I immediately stopped laughing. How did she figure that out? I clearly pinned the blame on James and yet she still figured it out! Although it was Christmas, I couldn't help but feel a sense of dread weight down my stomach. Not only had I been caught once, but I had been caught twice. Twice! By the same person too! I must be losing by touch. I nodded wordlessly at Lily. She smirked."Well then I guess I forgive you for turning me into a snowman earlier. I must admit that that prank on Fred was pure genius, especially since you framed James! I gotta say I'm impressed Rosie, you got two birds with one stone." I looked at Lily, surprised. She didn't usually dish out compliments like that. What was she playing at? I smiled at Lily, playing along."Well I do have a bit of a reputation at Hogwarts." My eyes widened. I had not meant to say that and knowing Lily she'd be able to fit the pieces together. (As far as my family knew, excluding Uncle George, I only pranked at home, not at Hogwarts. After all, I'd never been caught once, that is until this morning.) Sure enough I saw the gears turning in her head as her mouth dropped. I half expected her to jump up into the air and start screaming, "I knew it!" over and over until the people all the way in America could hear her.However, just at that moment James and Fred barreled down the steps, followed by a vehemently hostile Dominique who was red faced and screaming and swearing at them in French. I assumed that she got caught in the crossfire of James and Fred's prank war as her hair was now neon pink and Domi hated pink. James and Fred were in for it.They probably would've died if the Woods hadn't arrived at that minute. You see, Domi was dating Xavier Wood and since Domi had a temper as short as a wick, any boyfriend that she had must be able to calm her down. Xavier quickly took in the scene with wide eyes and rushed over to Domi. He held her back while she fought hard to break free of his grasp and managed to wrestle her wand out of her hand. He whispered calming words into her ear and that miraculously calmed her down. She reluctantly turned around and allowed him to stroke her vibrant hair and hug her. I gotta admit, I had some respect for that guy. Anyone that could face an angry Domi, let alone actually calm her down was incredibly brave; like facing a dragon brave. Though facing Domi was an awful lot like facing a dragon (don't ask how I know that.) I mean after all, her patronus was a dragon.I gulped as I suddenly realized that Domi's wrath was no longer distracting Lily. To avoid that particular conversation I hastily jumped up and headed over to where the adults were conversing. I greeted Oliver and Katie Wood. Oliver asked me about Gryffindor's chances for the house cup (No surprise there, he's always talking about Quidditch. Not that I mind that much. I love Quidditch.) I played as Seeker on the team and I happily gave him a play-by-play of our victories against Hufflepuff and Slytherin and how we were going to play Ravenclaw for the cup later in the year."Your boyfriend's Keeper for the team isn't he, Rosie?" Katie asked. I blushed and nodded at her."I bet he isn't nearly as good as me though," Oliver proclaimed, causing Katie to "accidentally" stomp on his foot."Oops. Sorry, Quidditch Nazi," Katie apologized, although it lost it's effect from her huge smirk. I excused myself, getting slightly uncomfortable since they had started gazing lovingly into each other's eyes. Anyway, I'd better start wishing my enormous family a happy Christmas.I made my way over to Uncle George who was sitting on the carpet by the fireplace, showing one of his newest products (Hair-Changing Hilarity one drop of that stuff into the target's hair and it turns the exact color that the prankee hates the most. Perfect for the unsuspecting Slytherin!) to Lucy who was eating up his every word. It seemed like she was going through a rebellious stage, at least according to her parents. According to me, she's finally seeing the light. She'd loosened up a lot and had become all around more enjoyable (not that she hadn't been enjoyable before.) Uncle George saw me coming and beamed at me."Rosie!" He cried happily. He jumped up off the carpet, rushed over to me, hugged my tight, and tousled my hair."Uncle George! You're acting like you haven't seen me in months. I just saw you last night!"He smiled at me and said, "Well I was going into Rosie withdrawal." He pulled me tight again."How're the pranks coming, Scarlet?" He whispered into my ear.I should probably explain the nickname. You see since I was little I've heard about the Marauders and I was immediately infatuated with them. (I even swiped the Marauder's map from James after he swiped it from Uncle Harry's desk. Shhhh don't tell James; he still hasn't figured it out yet.) When I got to Hogwarts I was determined to carry on their legacy and become a legend that would never be forgotten. (Yeah I know big goals for just a little first year but I've always thought big.) I explained this to my new best friend, Scorpius Malfoy.Now don't go and give me a lecture about fraternizing with the enemy or any of that crap. I've heard it all before and Scorp and I have just stopped caring about what other people think about our relationship. There was just something about Scorpius Malfoy that made me trust him from the minute I met him, and for some odd reason he trusted me too. It could've been the look in his eyes that made him seem as though he'd experienced more than he should have, or maybe it was his conviction that people would hate him instantly. I'm still not entirely sure of what caused this mutual trust. I just know that I'd trust him with my life, and he'd trust me with his.Personally, I think that it's incredibly idiotic and unjust to judge a person just on the basis of who his parents are. Don't people understand that he's not his father? That he's not his grandfather? Why punish an innocent child for actions that he didn't commit?Let's just make one thing clear off the bat, before you start judging me as well. Scorpius is nothing like his father was (well other than appearance.) For one Scorp is incredibly brave; brave enough to ask the Sorting Hat to put him into Gryffindor and brave enough to face the possibility of being disowned. Which his grandfather did do. However, Scorp's father was so furious that they disowned his grandfather in return. Don't give me that look, I'm just telling you what happened and I have to admit that Mr. Malfoy isn't that bad. I know, I know, I can practically hear your gasps. Just to prove it, even Dad admits that he isn't that bad, yeah I know unbelievable.Of course, there's still a lot of tension and we aren't going to inviting all of the Malfoys over for supper anytime soon, but a lot of the animosity had eased. It had eased enough to the point that I could invite Scorp over for a while without any tension. That being said, I couldn't exactly invite him for Christmas at the Burrow yet. That tradition has yet to see a Malfoy.Sorry, I'm getting off track. My point is that Scorp is different from his family and it's not fair to judge him before you've met him. Needless to say, I was incredibly pleased when I learned that my new best friend was a prankster at heart. He was also very bright. Just like me, or at least I've been told. People always tell me that I have my mum's brains, which may be true. I just use my powers for fun and mischief instead of studying from dusty old textbooks.Scorp shared this philosophy. However, we had no desires to serve any detentions (my dad and uncles had told me about the terrors of detention. Particularly, those about a horrid woman named Umbridge) or receive any howlers (my mum could yell.) Due to this, we agreed that we had to be anonymous and that we would never be caught pranking at Hogwarts (and we still haven't seven years later.) Inspired by the Marauders, I devised a plan. I proposed that we would always sign our pranks, calling ourselves the Masked Marauders. This way people would subconsciously suspect James, as he was named after two Marauders, but James wouldn't have a problem with it. It would give him attention (which he loved) and would help him live up to his namesakes, but the professors wouldn't have enough evidence to punish him for it.Scorp quickly agreed but said that we should have nicknames just like the first Marauders did. We thought about it for a minute before coming up with the perfect nicknames. I'd be called Scarlet, after my scarlet hair, and Scorp would be called Nightshade since he was named after a constellation (we decided that Nightshade sounded much cooler than Starlight or something of that sort and something like Scorpion would be way too obvious.)However, a problem quickly arose. It soon became blatantly obvious that James couldn't be behind our pranks. Our pranking styles were completely different. Scorp and I were very articulate in our pranks, coming up with ingenious schemes that required hours of preparation, whereas James was a more spur of the moment prankster. People wondered who the Masked Marauders were. No one suspected little Rose Weasley and Scorpius Malfoy. We were only first years after all, and we were already carrying out pranks that are still talked about to this day.No one knew that we were the Masked Marauders except Uncle George, who provided us with supplies and occasionally new ideas if we were suffering from a case of pranker's block. Well and I guess Lily now. Curse my big mouth. Lily is too smart for her own good. If I'd let that slip to anyone else they wouldn't have figured it out, except maybe Al and Alice (but only because they were mine and Scorp's best friends.) We actually considered telling them our secret before, but we decided against it. The less people that knew the less likely that people would find out.Now that that's settled let's get back to Uncle George. I stepped back from his embrace and smiled at him."Did you like that little spectacle right now, involving a certain son of yours?" He burst out laughing, his head thrown back. After a couple minutes of hysterical laughter he wiped a tear from his cheek and took a couple deep breaths, calming down."I should probably scold you for making my son wear a frilly pink dress, but I'm just too bloody proud of you." He ruffled my curls again. "Now can you tell me how you charmed the threshold to only prank Fred?" He whispered hopefully."A prankster never reveals her secrets," I replied playfully. (He'd told me that before.)"Not even for her Uncle George?" He pouted at me, complete with a pouty lip and puppy dog eyes. I burst out laughing. I just couldn't help it! My uncle, a full-grown man, was pouting at me and was trying to look cute and innocent (which he definitely wasn't.)I opened my mouth to answer, but Grandpa Weasley called for our attention and asked us to find a seat, as we were about to start opening presents. I didn't need to be told twice. I hurriedly made my way through the swarm of bustling people and I finally plopped back down on my spot on the couch. Lily kept shooting me knowing glances and I dreaded the conversation that we were bound to have in the near future. I made a point of avoiding her gaze in the hope that it would delay that particular conversation.After making sure that everyone was seated, Grandpa Weasley waved his wand and the presents under the tree zoomed over to their recipient. I smiled at my enormous pile (sometimes having a gigantic family had its perks.) I ripped open my first present (don't judge me I love Christmas and presents too. So yes, I tear me presents open like the five year old that I am.) and saw that it was Uncle George's decoy present.I should probably explain that, too. Every year Uncle George sent me a decoy present. It was usually a bag of some type or some musty old book, or at least that's what it seemed like. All the bags had undetectable extension charms on them that had a countless number of prank supplies in it. The books were always hallowed out and held a slip of paper in it, telling me where to find the prank supplies and the spell that I would need to gain access to them.This year Uncle George gave me the ugliest bag that I had ever had the misfortune to see. Just looking at it made me want to barf. It was a tiny cloth bag, about the size of my hand, with a gold clasp to keep it closed. It had the ugliest combination of colors that I'd ever seen. It was maroon and brown, which were swirled together, and it had little red and purple stars, also swirled, decorating it.I glanced up at Uncle George and saw that he was looking at me, trying (and failing) to contain his laughter. I stuck my tongue out at him. He laughed and silently motioned for me to open it up later. I nodded wordlessly.I ripped over the majority of the rest of my presents, so that only one unopened present remained. I got my scarlet traditional Weasley sweater (Scorp and I always laughed at the color. It almost seemed like Grandma Weasley knew that I was Scarlet.) I had received countless books on various topics all the way from "Quidditch Through The Ages" to "How to Groom Your Toenails." I also got a mountain of rose-related products, such as soaps, shampoos, and perfumes, which I vowed to never use. I scowled at the pile of rose-related items. I hated roses with a burning passion. You see everyone always assumed that I loved roses since I'm named after them, so I never got any other flowers than those thorny little abominations (unless they were from Scorp. He always got me blue orchids, my favorite kind.) It was for the same reason that Lily hated lilies. Our hatred over the flowers that we were named after was actually one of the things that we bonded over.I looked over at Lily and saw that she was scowling at a matching pile of lily-related products. She raised her eyes to me and looked at me and then we both nodded. Once we got to our room we would switch our products like we did every year.I turned back to my last present and smiled at it. I could tell who it was from just by looking at it. It was shaped like a shoebox, and there was an endless amount of tape on the scarlet wrapping paper. It was obvious that he'd actually taken the time to wrap the present by hand instead of just spelling it like most people did. A warm felling filled my chest as I smoothed out my boyfriend's little masterpiece. I felt a smile spread across my face as I carefully opened the present. I laughed at what I found inside. Inside was another painstakingly wrapped, scarlet box, but this one was much smaller, about the size of my big toe. I shook my head. Only Scorp would wrap a box inside another box. I reached inside the box and gingerly picked up the smaller one, not wanting to break whatever was inside in case it was fragile. I took a deep breath as I opened the little box. I gasped, and in the process somehow managed to choke on my own spit.Lily looked over, most likely about to ask what the bloody hell was wrong with me, but she saw what I was holding and her mouth dropped. I could feel my face burning from anger. How could he? How dare he? I jumped up and apparated to Malfoy Manor, still clutching the little box. The little box that contained a small diamond ring and a little slip of paper with the wordsMarry Me? ~S.M. written on it.Like that cliffy ;P? I'll try to update soon. Of course, reviews are always good motivation to write more *cough* hint *cough* though don't worry I really will try to update ASAP. Oh! And since I'm sure that some of you may be wondering about this the reason why no one except Lily has figured out that Rose and Scorp are the Masked Marauders when they are so obvious with the scarlet stuff is because Rose's favorite color is Scarlet (she just doesn't like scarlet flowers because they remind her too much of Roses) so everyone else thinks that Scorpius is giving Rose all of this scarlet stuff because it's Rose's favorite color.Hit that nice button below?llllPlease?lllV
