Eleniel and her sisters Indis and Aredhel climbed onto the Hogwarts Express, waving goodbye to their parents and older sister, Lassiel. As usual, they were there in plenty of time, allowing them to have almost full choice of the available compartments.They made their way along the train until they found one, going inside and sitting down, talking quietly. They hadn't been there long when a group of Indis' friends came along and she left with them, saying a hurried goodbye to her two younger sisters.Eleniel and Aredhel stayed in the compartment, talking and laughing about what had happened during the holidays.Not long before the train actually left the station, Aredhel's friends came along and she went with them to find a compartment, saying goodbye to her younger sister.Eleniel was left alone in the compartment. Far from being bored, she pulled a book from her bag and lost herself in a completely different world. Before long, she was torn from her book by the sound of the compartment door opening.A thin, pale boy with light brown hair looked in. "Do you mind if I sit in here?" he asked her. She shook her head, closing her book and grinning as the boy sat down opposite her.He smiled nervously. "I'm Remus Lupin" he introduced himself.Eleniel smiled at him. "I'm Eleniel" she replied before asking "first year?"Remus nodded. "Me too!" she replied. Remus looked relieved. "At least I'll know someone then" he joked.Eleniel laughed along with him until the compartment door opened and a tall boy with longish black hair looked in. "Can I sit in here?" he asked. Eleniel looked at Remus and said "I don't mind, do you?"Remus shook his head and, turning to the boy, said "sure."The boy sat down next to Remus. "First years?" he asked. They both nodded. "Same" he replied.Eleniel looked curious. "You're one of the Black family, right?" she asked him. He nodded."I'm Sirius. Sirius Black" he answered.Eleniel nodded thoughtfully, "I'm Eleniel Elwing" she told him. "And this is Remus Lupin."The three of them had began to talk about which house they'd be put into, when the compartment door opened again and two boys peered in. One was tall with untidy black hair and wore glasses, whereas the other was shorter and rounder, with sandy coloured hair."Do you mind if we sit in here?" the black haired boy asked. They all shook their heads. The two boys came into the compartment and sat down, introducing themselves as James Potter and Peter Pettigrew.Throughout the entire train journey, the five of them stayed in the compartment. Eleniel began to work out their personalities.Remus, was quiet and slightly serious, but had a good sense of humour.Sirius was a complete prankster and was obsessed with Quidditch, as was James.Now Peter on the other hand didn't really seem to fit in. He hung onto James and Sirius' every word and seemed content to just sit back and let everyone else talk around him. After a while, everyone had forgotten he was there.Before long they were arriving.As they stepped off the train, a giant man, who must be half-giant at least, began calling out "all first years to me! Come along, don't be shy now, first years!"They were led to the boats. Eleniel found herself in a boat with Remus, Sirius, James and Peter. She got a sense that they'd be spending a lot of time together these next couple of years.
