She is named Jane.As plain as that may seem, Jane Liette is much more than what her name expresses to those.Throughout centuries the name Jane hasn't been given to many who carry much historical acknowledgement; if you exclude the uncrowned queen, Lady Jane Grey or the central character in Charlotte Bronte's novel, Jane Eyre, there aren't any noted or particularly rememberable beings called, Jane.To most, Jane Liette has always been seen as the 'Nice Girl', who lives on the edge of Epping Forest near London, with her mother and father, Aileen and Richard Liette. From an outsiders perspective on the Liette Family, they appear perfectly normal. The normal couple sent their normal daughter to the local primary school, each parent have equally attended the basic annual events that the school provided and all through Jane's childhood, she has socialised with many of her school friends and been seen by all, as a sweet and care-free little girl.Yet, every normal family have their secrets.~~"Jane, hurry up or you're going to miss the train!" Aileen Liette stood anxiously at the bottom of the stairs; tapping her heals on the hard oak floor and glancing at the taunting clock on the mantelpiece. 10:42 am."Jane!" She screamed yet again. Her shrill voice echoed and bounced off the high ceilings and pierced the ears of eleven year old, Jane Liette.The young girl scrambled through her wardrobe and chest of drawers, packing the last valuable items which she had regretfully not packed the night before."Come on, Jane, times-a-ticking!" Richard Liette had now joined his squirming wife at the base of the stairs. He glanced at his watch, causing him to raise his brows. "Jane Liette, unless it's your wish to walk to Hogwarts, you will march yourself down to the car this very minute!" With those words he turned for the front door.Aileen followed, hot on his heels, "You heard your father, Jane. Now!"Jane gave a desperate whimper and began dragging her large school trunk out through her bedroom door; her efforts made her light fringe escape from her previously tiny ponytail. She gasped and released the handle of the trunk, making it drop and the house to shutter in discomfort, she hurdled over it and over to her night stand where a small yet thick, red, leather bound journal was placed. Jane grasped it hastily and shoved it in her coat pocket; giving it a supportive tap before quickly returning to the trunk that waited for her.~~"You're lucky, young lady..." Her mother scolded as the family of three approached the steaming train that would finally glide Jane away to the life that she had waited for since she could remember, "...you could have easily missed this train. And who would have to sort that out? Me."Jane didn't hear her mother's bitter words, her focus was completely set on the gleaming train that dominated the platform 9 and 3/4. Her father squeezed her hand which she had unknowingly been squeezing herself; he looked down at her and smiled that comforting smile that she always appreciated in the most nerves racking of times. This was one of these times. Her eyes moved back to the hooting train but her sight was interrupted by her mother's face peering at her own."Look at me, Jane." Mrs Liette focused on Jane's face and began analysing each feature and poking and tucking any disobedient strand of hair that fell out of place. Jane's malachite green eyes stared into the pair of black holes that sunk into her mother's face. Her long, skeleton fingers attempted to brush Jane's light blonde fringe that still fell lightly just above her neat brows. Her mother tutted sharply, making Jane flinch."Did you even attempt to brush that wavy hair of yours, Jane?" She gestured with a wisp of her bony hand.Jane reached back to grab her thick and curly ponytail and began nervously twirling it with her fingers. "I spent money, trying to find the perfect 'First Day' outfit and you have to destroy my efforts..which is nothing out of the usual..."Jane exhaled her breath as her father finally spoke up with a bang, "Oh, leave her alone, Aileen, she looks beautiful! And always does." Richard Liette bent down to kiss the crown of his daughter's head. Aileen's eyes flashed with annoyance."Well get on the train then." She pat Jane's head and concluded with a stern, "Be good!" Before clip-clopping down the platform.Mr Liette sighed and bent down again, in level with Jane. "I love you, honey," He tapped her flushed cheek, "make me proud." He brought her into a tight embrace, them straightened himself; fixing his crooked tie."Promise to write?" Jane nodded surely."Well, goodbye, sweetie." He backed away, waving until Jane climbed onto the train; she waved her father farewell until he was permanently out of her view. She sighed heavily as she began he new life.'Damn, all the compartments are full!' Jane peered through the glass of each compartment, but due to her late arrival, all of them were relatively full. As she continued to gaze into each cabin, Jane still had a seed of intimidation and anxiety planted in her stomach to formally introduce herself to anyone.She finally reached the end of the narrow hall and only a couple of compartments remained. She crossed her fingers and sighed deeply. For the hundredth time today, she looked through the glass window; an only boy sat.Jane slowly pulled across the sliding doors, making the boy's head snap in her direction; his icy eyes pierced her green set like icicles. She lightly cleared her throat and placed her shaking hands in her coat pockets, in an attempt to conceal her shamefull nervousness."May I sit here; every compartment's full." Jane wasgenuinely proud of her clear and smooth tone, she ultimately expected a cracting croak to escape her lips that would make her face turn into a beatroot."If you must." He then shifted his head back to the window. The boy spoke so plainly that it shocked Jane; she stood staring at him in bewilderment for a moment. 'What's his problem?' Jane thought.Jane stepped forward and took a seat across from him and looked upon the beautiful countryside that blurred past them. Although she was unable to enjoy the view due to the deafening silence that filled the air. Jane sat mentally slapping herself.'Why am I finding this so hard?!' Jane screamed at her awkward body language of twiddling her thumbs. At her muggle primary school which she had attempted, she had found it amazingly easy to make new friends but at this moment, she couldn't comprehend who was to blame for the heavy atmosphere. Was it her nervous and stupid state or was he just an unsociable prick?Jane finally broke the ice by blurting all at one, "My name's Jane Liette, what's your name?" She stiffened her hand and stretched it out for him to shake; she prayed he would accept, just to save her from the embarrassment.The boy looked at her with his crystal eyes, making Jane blink twice; and that's when she noticed. He was quite handsome.His raven hair was combed impeccably to one side and his skin was immensely white. The type of hair and skin colour weren't features she expected to find attractive in a boy yet, they complimented him perfectly. Her thoughts were interrupted by his voice leaking with confidence."Tom Riddle." The boy leaned over, just slightly, to firmly grasp her hand and shake it. Jane forced a smile and looked upon their two linking hands. His pale and strong grip completely contrasted her tan and delicate one. The raven haired boy quickly released his hand just as Jane noticed they had been shaking hands for an unusual length of time.She cleared her throat once again, "It's lovely to meet you, Tom Riddle.""It's lovely to meet you too, Miss Liette." He replied with a swift nod, refusing to take his gaze off of the girl."Please, call me, Jane." There was a slight pause."Then please, call me, Tom." The raven haired boy smirked.~~"Oh, you may not think me pretty, But don't judge on what you see,I'll eat myself If you can finda smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,your top hats sleek and tall,For I'm the Hogwart's Sorting Hat,And I can cap them all.There's nothing hidden in your head The Sorting Hat can't see.So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might be in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve and chivalry,Set Gryffindors apart; You might be In Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are true and unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,if you've a ready mind,Where those of wit an learning,Will always find their kind.Or perhaps in Slytherin,You'll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use many means,to achieve their ends.So put me on! Don't be afraid!And don't get in a flap,You're in safe hands (though I have none)For I'm a thinking cap!"Jane and Tom stood together amongst the rest of the trembling first years. The entire grand hall erupted in heavy applause just as the scruffy, singing hat had finished."I definitely want to be in Ravenclaw." Jane whispered in Tom's ear. He replied with, yet another, approving and crafty smirk; he wasn't much of a conversationalist, Jane had picked up from his personality."What house do you want to be in?" She asked quietly as Profesor Dumbledore placed the Sorting Hat on each new student.Tom turned to face her; Jane could have sworn she saw his eyes slightly melt as he locked them to her own, "Slytherin.""Wh-Oh...good choice." Jane whipped on her best acting skills just after she nearly gagged at Tom's response. 'Slytherin...why Slytherin, Tom...' She gave him a smile in her efforts to hide her disappointment; Tom stood, eyes blazing with disapproval. Jane quickly turned her attention to the Profesor and began to twiddle her thumbs; again.~~And that was it for Jane Liette; these moments were the foundation which her future is purely based on. Although her life resumed as joyful and her acquaintance with the boy from the train flourished into a bonded friendship, there is always a sheet of complication on every alliance; yet Jane wasn't the one to notice it.This chapter is really boring, sorry! It may take a while to get into the story properly because there's a little bit of a build up...but anyway, please be nice because I don't have any experience with writing and I just want to do this for fun:) Please review and let me know what you think, I would appreciate it...Disclaimer: Everything belongs to the amazingly talented J.K Rowling:) (except for Jane Liette and the general plot)
