Author's Note: Hey everyone...long time, no writing right? So...I'm not sure if this is going to be something longer. I'm going to base that on responses. I hope everyone likes. Please read and review. If I get enough positive reviews, this one shot may become multiple chapters.The wavy hair young woman walked into Rosa Lee Teabag, hoping to see the familiar redhead she was meant to meet. There was Ginny, sitting alongside the windows, a steaming cup in her delicate hand. As of late, it was very rare to be able to find the young woman without the lightning scarred hero by her side. Hermione relished being able to have some alone time with her."Hermione! I'm so glad to see you!" Ginny immediately placed her cup of tea back in it's floral decorated saucer and stood to greet her friend. Hermione grinned and hugged her friend graciously. She pulled off her dark denim jacket and placed it around the back of her chair."Ginny, how are you?!" Hermione laughed as she sat down in a pastel green curved metal seat. Ginny was her normal beautiful self. Her burnt red hair lay in perfectly straight curtains on the side of her face, something Hermione had always been envious of. Her ever slightly freckled nose wrinkled when she laughed which of course drove the majority of young wizarding males over the age of twenty absolutely crazy. Hermione understood why her best friend had fallen for the red haired beauty."So Ron said that you would have something to show me." Ginny smiled as she looked at Hermione. Hermione grinned and ran a hand through her unruly waves. Ginny caught her breath in her throat and allowed her eyebrows to float to the top of her forehead."Is that what I think it is?" She asked as she grabbed a hold of Hermione's hand to inspect the tiny diamond embedded in the gold band encircling Hermione's left ring finger. Her eyes went wide as she continued to eye the ring."I can't believe that he actually did it." Ginny began to say."What do you mean Gin?" Hermione asked puzzled as she herself began to look down at the small sparkle of jewelry glinting off of her hand."Well, he's only been talking about asking you for about a year or so. I didn't think he would go through with it." Ginny laughed. Hermione smiled as she looked at her friend. She paused suddenly when she felt someone's eyes on her. It wasn't an abnormal feeling. As a matter of fact, she was so used to it considering that it came along with the territory of being Harry Potter's friend. Hermione side glanced out the window of the little tea shop only to see a darkened figure standing next to a jewelry stall only a few feet away. She could barely make out the figure, their body covered by a shadow cast from an overhang. She gave a second glance again hoping maybe she was just seeing things but the figure continued to stand there, their attention very obviously on her."Hermione, you alright?" Ginny asked, her hand gently placed atop of Hermione's."Oh...oh yes." Hermione snapped her head away from the dark figure, back to her awaiting friend."So...when's the date?"After her short rendezvous with Ginny, Hermione left the tea shop. She felt the tiny hairs standing up on her neck, eyes still fixed upon her receding form. She looked around cautiously but the figure was gone. She made her way across the street to the location the figure stood. Could it be a death eater from long ago or possibly some other foe? She looked around the area only to come face to face with a haggard old witch trying to sell her wares."Why hello deary. Would you like to take a look at a few of my finds and baubles. I have a beautiful piece right here...Albus Dumbledore himself once owned it." The wretched old woman with gnarled hands and yellowing teeth said as she dug through her cart, old scraps of jewelry falling this way and that."Oh...um...thank you anyway. Have...Have you seen a figure? There was a person standing next to your stall only a few minutes ago?" Hermione asked."It'll cost ya?" The old witch smiled, quite a few teeth missing as her small dark eyes twinkled. Hermione sucked in a breath."Nevermind." Hermione began to say as she started to walk away."Oh...wait...are...are you that Granger girl? The one who is friends with the boy who lived?" The old woman asked as she meandered toward Hermione again, her ragged clothing sliding against the cobbled stones beneath her feet."What if I am?" Hermione asked as she looked up, her head held a little higher."Oh...oh dear. My...if it weren't for that Potter boy...we'd all be goners now wouldn't we?" The old woman grinned. She quickly grabbed Hermione's hand and led her back to the cart."The young man who stood here was certainly looking at you." She added."Young man?" Hermione asked as she eyed the old woman."Oh yes. Very handsome, strong chin...light eyes." The woman added."He went that way, into the Leaky Cauldron. I tried selling him my wares but he was very rude and ignored me. He had his eyes on you though." The old woman smiled again, waggling her eyebrows."He was watching me? Thank you mam, thank you for the information." Hermione said, stuffing a few galleons into the elderly woman's hand."Oh bless you...bless you. Please...a jewel for a jewel." The old woman said as she dug through her cart, handing a very large faux square cut emerald ring to Hermione, or what looked like a fake."Oh...and it's even larger than the dainty piece on your hand. A gift." The woman added. Hermione ignored the woman's quip and took the ring."A gift from an admirer." The old woman added quietly, only Hermione hadn't heard her and headed away toward the Leaky Cauldron.Whatever foe awaited her, she would be ready. She wouldn't allow anyone to intimidate her. She made her way inside the familiar pub, looking around cautiously. The figure could be anywhere, just waiting for her. She stopped suddenly, the sense of eyes burning into her seemed evident. She whipped her head around toward the bar only to see the darkened figure hunched over closest to the corner. Every other person inside the pub seemed quite aware of him and left well enough alone. As soon as Hermione made to approach the figure shot up from their seat, a hooded cloak wrapped around their body, hiding their appearance. Hermione followed as they left the pub in a hurry, the door slamming in their wake as Hermione struggled to keep up."WAIT! WHY ARE YOU WATCHING ME! WHO ARE YOU?!" She yelled, the figure practically running down diagon alley, dodging between shoppers and passerby's. Hermione ran, almost knocking a pile or broomsticks over as she dashed between people. The cloaked figure continued on then suddenly paused. Ever so slowly they turned around, facing Hermione in the clutch of the crowd. Hermione halted, straining to catch sight of the person behind the hood only to see them disapparate in the middle of the mass of onlookers.Who was it? Why were they there and why were they watching her? Hermione paused when she felt a raindrop hit her squarely in the forehead.*Knock Knock*Hermione heard the slight wrapping at her door. She placed her well worn Beedle the Bard book, a gift from Dumbledore, on the coffee table next to her and unwrapped her legs from their crossed position.Who in the world would be coming to her flat at this time of night especially since there was a raging storm in full force just outside her window. She peered out her sitting room window as the rain poured down in sheets making it nearly impossible to see anything further than a few feet. After that afternoon's encounter with the hooded figure, she was on edge. She wrapped her light turquoise cotton bathrobe around herself more securely, her bare feet sliding gently against the gray rug toward the door. Normally she would instinctually look through the peep hole at any visitor but tonight, she already knew who was waiting for her right behind the door. When her small hand wrapped around the door knob she could sense that she possibly shouldn't continue on in opening the gate to her home. Suddenly the door flew open, the darkened figure standing in the threshold. The door slammed shut, blocking any possible exit. Hermione stumbled backward as the dark clad figure stood in front of her, black pants and cloak soaked. Then a shock of sodden platinum locks became exposed as the hood fell back. His hair lay in curtains in front of the his face. Suddenly, the person standing there lifted their head, droplets of rain sliding down the length of the silvery blonde hair onto their already wet face. Hermione's round amber eyes met silver gray ones as the young man stood taller."Malfoy?!" Hermione muttered as she took a step back. Without warning, Draco ripped his black cloak off allowing the water-logged material to hit the floor in a slapping heap. His upper lip was bared like a snarling dog as he stared at Hermione, violence in his narrowed eyes. Hermione sucked in a shaky breath, searching the room for escape. Draco's white dress shirt was see through and plastered to his well defined torso leaving nothing to the imagination."Didn't expect me Granger?" Draco growled as he moved dangerously toward her. He slid his pale hand against his soaked locks placing the strands in a sweeping motion against the top of his head, a style not that dissimilar to his younger days at Hogwarts. Hermione continued to back up, the back of her legs hitting the edge of a lamp stand as she practically knocked it over."What...what are you doing...how did you find" Hermione stammered as she felt around with her hands behind her. Draco ignored her questions, his eyes narrowing fiercely as his stare bore into hers. Hermione sucked in a breath as she watched the Slytherin move toward her slowly, a calculating expression on his fearsome face."Why did you look for me?!" He replied, his voice severely low and menacing."I...I""ANSWER ME!" He yelled, his chest swelling as his pale hands flexed into almost claws."I" Hermione continued to stammer, her mouth quivering. She could feel hot tears brimming in the corner of her eyes as she stared at him. Why hadn't she turned on her heel and began running for safety? She could easily just grab something off a shelf and chuck it at him but she was caught in his silver stare like prey just before it's about to be devoured by a predator. Before she could even think, one errant tear fell from her lashes, sliding down her sunkissed cheek and onto her quivering mouth. Draco's features abruptly morphed as his eyes followed that one single tear. Hermione caught her breath in her throat when Draco launched himself at her. This was it, she was going to die at his hands and there was nothing she could do.Without warning he had slammed her petite body into the opposite wall, his fierce mouth crashing into hers. Hermione's eyes widened but quickly shut as he voraciously ravaged her mouth, sucking and biting as if she were a last meal. She couldn't help but respond, her body moving on it's own accord. What was wrong with her? Why was she allowing this? Her hands snaked around his neck as Draco pressed his saturated body against hers, his hands pushing her robe open and pressing against the hem of her white tank top. His body was wet and cool but she could feel a rush of heat begin to envelope his feeling of his mouth on hers made her head swim, any other thoughts leaking out in wanton moans as she began raking her fingers in his wet hair. His mouth traveled slowly toward her jaw, her head lolling back as she clenched her fingers into his hair, begging for more. His smell...his scent was one she would never forget. Summer rain on grass and spearmint candy. Draco latched onto the spot between her neck and her shoulder, kissing and sucking until Hermione thought her head was going to explode. She couldn't think, she couldn't speak...she could only feel him right then, right there in that moment."I want you." It was barely a whisper but the need was more than evident as Draco rasped into her ear, his breath causing shivers to run up and down her spine. Hermione didn't even have a chance to respond before Draco had grabbed a hold of her hips, his fingers slightly digging into the waistband of her pajama shorts as he pulled her legs up around his hips. Hermione sucked in a breath as she felt herself being lifted from the spot, his mouth once again on hers as he pushed past an open area leading from the sitting room toward the hallway and ultimately her bedroom. Draco slammed her back against the bedroom door as he groped around for the handle. Suddenly out of desperation, he kicked the door, blowing it open. Hermione only felt more of a rush from the excitement. Before she knew what was happening, she was lying on her bed on her back as Draco stood above her, peeling his soaked transparent dress shirt off. The look written on his face was of pure lust. Hermione could feel a hot flush spread from her face onto her chest. She had to remember something, she had to remember someone. Everything was slipping her mind. After Draco finally shed his drenched shirt he slightly opened her robe, his eyes locked onto hers the whole time. Hermione could feel her breath catch as his fingers ever so slightly slid against her ribcage, goosebumps rising over her flesh. Her exhilaration was unmistakable as he pulled the rest of the robe off of her shoulders, his hands delicately caressing her heated skin."Malfoy" Hermione began to whisper as he began kissing her neck again."Don't" He replied as he slid one strap of her tank top off. The sheer act of his fingers looping into the material causing her to lose her breath."But" She mumbled again, losing her concentration. His slightly stubbled shin scratching against her throat."Don't...please." Was he begging? It sounded as if he were. That was it, she couldn't take anymore. Her hands shot forward, grabbing the waistband of his dress pants as she fumbled to unbuckle his belt. Draco slightly chuckled at her haste but allowed her to finish. After finally releasing him from his sodden pants Hermione reveled in the beauty that was Draco Malfoy in only a pair of incredibly tight black boxer briefs."My turn." He whispered and continued to pull her tank top down revealing her bare breasts. Any feeling of embarrassment was fleeting as he peppered her chest with kisses. He ran his now hot hands all over her body. She couldn't think, she couldn't breathe. Everything was becoming a blur as the two finally became bare. Not another word was uttered as Draco ever so slowly and torturously fixated on her and her pleasure. The moment he thought she was ready he locked her in his gaze."Say it." He commanded as he looked down at her, his mouth crashing into hers again. Through panting and heavy breathing Hermione scraped her fingernails into his back, red lines would be distinct even into the next day."Please...please Draco." She pleaded, allowing his mouth to bruise hers."Tell me you want me...or I'll stop" He rasped as he continued to press against her. A moan escaped her throat as her eyes instinctively shut."I...I""You what?" He hissed."I need you." It was more than what he asked. It was so much more than want. He suddenly froze. He looked down at her, his pale body rigid. Hermione's eyes shot open. Why had he stopped?"You...you" He muttered. Was his mouth quivering? Before she knew what she was doing, Hermione delicately placed a hand on the side of his face and pressed her forehead to his. She kissed him tenderly on each eyelid and looked back in his face."I need you." It was barely a whisper but she knew he had heard her. No longer was it ravenous, now it was slow and deliberate. The two made love, her body matching his in every movement.What a strange dream? Hermione always would overthink things. Maybe the engagement was all too much? She knew the moment she got out of bed, any thoughts of a mysterious dark figure who turned out to be her most hated enemy would vanish just like the night sky. The sun would burn those thoughts away and she would face the day a new, her guilty thoughts hidden from everyone.Hermione cracked her eyes open, a slight yawn escaping her as she blinked the sleep from her eyes. Why was her bedside lamp still on? Perhaps she had meant to read last night and forgot to shut it off. The dream from the night before left a delicious ache between her thighs but she wasn't surprised, it was so vivid and realistic.She struggled to move when she felt a weight on her midsection. Damn Crookshanks, she probably forgot to close her door. She reached down to pet the furry little animal only to feel something that wasn't exactly fur. She shot up in the bed when she distinctly felt hair...hair attached to a human head. She looked down, the haziness of sleep still clouding her vision. A head of striking blonde hair lay across her lap. Hermione's eyes began to bulge inside her head. No mistaking it, Draco Malfoy was lying across her midsection, his pale muscled torso half naked as blonde tendrils swept across his sleeping eyes. Hermione's head began to reel. She felt just like she had been punched in the head. She couldn't think, she couldn't speak. This was a nightmare. She had to wake up. She placed her hand to her head only to see the glint of her newly procured engagement ring flash in her peripheral. She glanced down at the tiny diamond and gasped."OH MY GOD!" She yelled. She was an engaged woman lying in a bed with her most hated enemy. No sooner did she yell did Draco shoot up into a sitting position, sleep still evident in his silver eyes. It must have registered when he looked at her shocked expression. Hermione instinctually grabbed for the sheets to cover her naked flesh."What...what...what did we...I" She stammered, a steaming hot flush spreading over her whole body like wild fire."We made love." Draco replied as he placed his hand against his head, his disheveled platinum locks disbursing themselves between his fingers."No...we...you...we didn't" She couldn't find words as she stared at his beautiful physique."We did. Wasn't the intention...but we did." He answered again as he made his way off of the bed, apparently not caring that he was naked. Hermione quickly looked away, attempting to shield her eyes. Draco pulled his pants off of the floor and attempted to pull the damp cloth up his legs."Still wet. Damn." He mumbled."I...I don't understand. We couldn't have...I'm...we're" Hermione stuttered almost biting on her tongue as she pressed a palm to her forehead."Face it Granger, you and I did it. I came here to scare you...and...well...it went a little further than anticipated." He answered as he finally turned around and sat on the edge of the bed. His pale chest gleamed with the streaming sunlight from the window. Hermione could feel the tears building in her eyes."Don't...don't go doing that." He said and moved toward her."You...you stay away from me.." She abruptly said as she pulled herself up to stand, the sheets hanging off her naked body half-hazardly. Draco just looked at her, his eyes narrowing as she chewed on her lip, tears already streaming down her face."That's not what you wanted last night." He added and quirked an eyebrow."You...you did this. I didn't want" Hermione began to say as she began to wag her finger toward him, her autumn colored hair frizzed out from sleep...or lack thereof."Don't you dare Granger...you know you did. I gave you an out...you didn't take it." Now Draco was standing facing her, his unzipped pants hanging low on his pale hips. It was taking everything for Hermione not to look at him."You...you have to go. This didn't happen." Hermione quickly pushed passed him, grabbing the remaining bits of his clothing and throwing it at him. Draco quickly caught them and jumped across the bed to get to her before she walked out of the room."Don't run away from me Granger!" He yelled, grabbing her by the wrist as he dropped the rest of his damp clothing on the floor. He spun the shocked Gryffindor woman around, the sheets she was using to cover herself becoming loosened from her grip. Hermione's shocked expression met his silver eyes as he turned her toward the bed, the sheets pooling on the floor near her feet. Hermione struggled to cover her bare body with her arms as Draco looked at her. He slowly moved toward her, a snake hypnotizing it's mark right before the kill. He gently placed a pale, strong hand on her sunkissed cheek. Hermione couldn't help but allow the hot tears to stream down her face in torrents."This...this was a mistake." She whispered, her eyebrows knitting together as Draco moved closer toward her. He moved his hand down her cheek to right below her jaw."Never a mistake. This is fate Granger. You know it and I know it." Draco murmured back. He gently placed a kiss on her forehead. A kiss that Hermione never thought Draco was ever capable of."By the way...could the diamond be any smaller? It's not as noticeable as the emerald now is it?" He added. Just as Hermione looked down at the tiny diamond and back at the green stone on the opposite hand, she could feel his body recede. He hadn't...had he? Her eyes looked up only to see the door shut in front of her. She looked back and forth between ring fingers. What had just happened?
