An/disclaimer: this is a femHP story. I do not own Anything. I started writing this three years ago but lost my memory stick so now I have it back I will be posting this and other, older story's to, between updating 'Old Scares: new home' so I am NOT neglecting it, so no insults please.my sister, ahelpinghand, will be beta'ing this story when I remember to give it to her before I update like I have done with my other stories (although she needs to go through the last few chapters).A flower growsRose was a very happy three year old child. She had perfect parents who loved her, a perfect little brother and an all-around perfect life. But today, 31st October, would be the end of that happiness; because today was the day that a madman, Voldemort, attacked.Lily, my mother had just laid us down to bed in the blue walled nursery when James, my father, called up the stairs to mother: "the wards have fallen, it's him! Run!"His words were fall of panic that made mother freeze, but when multi coloured lights began to eliminate the house Lily jumped to her feet and began to move things in front of the door.It was not long before a blood red light filled the house and all fell still as if death itself dwelled over us. The silence did not last long as the tap-tap of footsteps approached. Mother did not have time to react as the door was blown off its hinges throwing Lily into the back wall were she did not move again. I stood on uneasy feet and glared at the red eyed snake man who dared harm my family and make my brother cry and no one makes my brother cry.But the green eyed glare was wasted on this man that just thought it funny that a mere child would glare at him - the most feared and powerful Dark Lord of his time.Voldemort turned his wand on the girl and fired the killing cures, the one spell that cannot be stopped and so many had fallen mercy to. So it was a great surprise to him when a golden barrier surrounded the child and sent the deadly green light back at him: ripping his soul from body.Rose felt pain that night as it hit her. Pain that she had lost her family, that Harry, her baby brother would not have someone to love him, pain as her back slammed against the crib leaving her brother in front crying as she fell into the abyss.twintigerloverI am sorry for any grammar mistakes made and any advise you wont to give, please review but be nice! Actually review anyway it helps me write. ;) 
