A/N: Hiya! So... here again... I'm back to this ... site! Do you miss me? Ahh... anyways! Here's something I've got for you all as a treat to be so officially late in updating my stories...# Drumrolls please#LOVE - A powerful emotionYeah! It's a short story I decided to do. AND it may shock or surprise you all but I'm giving a shot at Jilly from Harry Potter. I don't how many chapters it may take. But it won't be long, I must say or ADD.So... yeah! That's it! I'm off!Enjoy folks!P.s; If something confused you all, please don't refrain yourself to ask me. PM me, if you must. It might be better. Just for the warning, it's notBeta-ed!Disclaimer: I DON"T! ( snarl) Stop asking me such bloody questions! * sly smirk* Chapter - White Envelope from 'MMWPP'" ... Hey! Wait!"I shout loudly behind the boy's retreating back as he walked further and further away from me, disappearing in the crowd.But I tried in vain.Because he didn't stop.I looked down at the white envelope I clutched in my right hand and staring down at it blankly. Remembering the boy's word when he'd handed me it over to me." This is for you..."I slowly flipped it over and frowned when I saw the red wax seal at the bottom of the envelope, noticing for the first time the engraved " MMWPP" on it. Subconsciously, I look around and felt my body relaxing when I noticed no-one is throwing odd glances at me. I didn't see any of those " What is she on about?" or " had she gone insane?" and Oh! Maybe one of those, " Why can't she effing move?" looks.And for that, I'm grateful.Feeling no stress of whatsoever, I watched as my index finger silently slid under the rim of the envelope and with a gentle tug, it flip open. I drew the lip open further to see a white ivory piece of parchment sat there smugly, looking up at me innocently but mocking me at the same time too.A strange sense of feeling settled in my stomach as I slowly pulled it out.But what I read inside it, almost made me faint right then and there.~~MMWPP~~ There are two powerful emotions in this whole world. Love and Hate goes together hand in hand. Hate can destroy you, tear your life as you know to shreds, leaving only emptiness, helplessness, loneliness and angst. Whereas, Love can change you. It changes everything. It changes the way you feel and what you do. Makes everything brighter. Beautiful.Like you change me. I've seen, hear and felt what Hate is. But if I told you ' I love you', what would you do?~~MMWPP~~I took a ragged breath as I hastily lowered it in my hand, craning my neck around to see if anyone had saw me reading this.Apparently, nobody is bothered. As they all strolled to and fro across my frozen body, too focused with his/her Boyfriend, group of friends to even notice I, the Perfect Prefect Lily Evans , trembling to the brink of insanity.I turned around to Power Walk until I was rounding the corner and broke into a sprint until I reached the Gryffindor's Tower, said the password to the Fat Lady, before I dashed inside and up to the girl's dormitory, utterly out of breath.I shakily reached my bed and flopped down at the edge of it, my panting resounded all across the dorm as I raised the letter in front of me again.But if I told you ' I love you', what would you do?I moaned loudly as I dropped my head into my hands, crushing the letter in my right hand as I cursed every magical being who had created this so-called galaxy.Thinking just this -Oh, Merlin! What had I gotten myself into?So? What do you think what Lily had gotten herself into? Do you think it's a prank by MMWPP? Or someone is seriously proposing his undying love for her?Anyways,Ahem! Tell me, How's it?! I know it might be stupid but it just... came to me and I can't resist this ' maddening' urge to write it down.I promise I'll update sooner if I get like ... 5-6 reviews?! If you like it than please leave your love!Who knows what had happened to Lily might happens to you? * wink, wink*Until next time!- S.P.T~~O~~
