A Big Longbottom Disaster Chapter 1 The Night That Ruined Her Life Forever "Hi I'm Katie Longbottom I have red hair, bright blue eyes , glasses, and I am the youngest sister to Frank, and Alice Longbottom, and best friend to most of the Potter, and Weasley clan, and this night changed my, and James Sirius Potter life forever." Said KatieIt was the back to school party, and Katie Longbottom again was dragged to the Weasley/Potter party by her brother Frank, and Rose Weasley, and while they were having a good time at the party all she was doing was sitting there all along because she didn't really have any friends. Then she heard footsteps behind her a voice started whispering in her ear, and they said"come, and dance with me beautiful" said James PotterKatie was pulled into his musclier arms, and he then started swaying to the music with her she stepped away from him, and looked into his brown eyes . She loved looking into those brown eyes but she would never admitted to James Potter she been in love with him since she was 10 years old then she said."what are you doing James?" said Katie"I'm trying to get you to have some fun Katie. You being sad makes me feel sad" said James"why James ?. We have barely talked over the years James it not like you cared about me James" said Katie" I like you Katie. I've like you since your third year at Hogwarts" said James"James I think I should go this is the alcohol talking, and plus I'm just the Longbottom with no friends" said KatieKatie started to walk through the crowd up to her dorm when she was pulled around by someone, and then their lips landed on each other's, and all she felt was sparks, and love all in that kiss she then pulled away because she didn't want to get carried away. Then she saw it was James Potter who kissed her which shocked her."what are we doing James" said Katie"I don't know but I know I want you" said JamesHe slams his lips hungrily on hers again, and this time there were tongues involved . He then pulled away, and dragged her to his dorm, and slams the door. But what Katie Longbottom, and James Potter the second didn't know is they will be getting a little surprise in about 9 months' time.
