Hey guys. I'm starting this story because I've hit a major block on my other story due to the turn that rp took. This is a story that has been bouncing around in my head for a while. Let me say this up front. I read a ton of Harry/Harem stories and lots of Dumbledore bashing stories. If this sounds like any of the other stories it's because I got inspiration from them. I will not try to steal from any of these stories and if it sounds like I am please let me know. The only original character will be my muggle born from America Sarah Bates. She will be a seer. There will not be a seer Luna in this story. There will be perceived Ron bashing in this story. This is not my intention. I am writing Ron how I think he'd behave if Harry was in Slytherin. I actually love Ron but cannot paint him in a good light due to the story. Anyway anything you recognize from cannon HP belongs to JK Rowling. I am making no money from this story. One more thing this is Harry/Harem. It will have sex in it between a man and woman and at times between women. If you don't like that don't even start reading this fan fiction. Up until now it is completely cannon. I am starting when Harry finds a compartment. Now on with the story.HPHPHPHPHPHPHarry sits in the empty compartment staring out the window onto Platform 9  watching everyone board the Hogwarts Express when there is a knock on the compartment door. He turns to look when the door is opened by a pretty blonde with a calculating but cold look on her face. With her is a brunette with a dreamy expression with a steel look in her eyes.The blonde asks "can we sit with you? Everywhere else nearby is filled with older students." Harry nods silently before turning to look back out the window. The girls stow their trunks before sitting down. The brunette looks at Harry before saying "hello my name is Sarah Bates. The blonde is Daphne Greengrass. May we know you're name?"Harry looks at her startled before saying "my name is Harry Potter. It's nice to meet you Sarah and Daphne" Daphne shows as flicker of surprise before hiding it again. Sarah smiles "nice to meet you Harry Potter. I'm assuming you already know what house you want to be in. I'm from America so this whole house thing is new to me. According to Daphne I'll probably go into Ravenclaw or Gryffindor but I think I'd do good in Slytherin as well."Harry just stares at her for a second. He is surprised that she didn't recognize who he was. "Well I figure I'll go into Gryffindor like my parents and cause of the fact I defeated Voldemort." Sarah stares at him blankly. In America they aren't taught about Voldemort. He was an English problem only.Daphne stares at Harry before saying "you defeating the Dark Lord could land you in any house. I know I'm going into Slytherin because that's the only house for me. Any other house I'd be persecuted in" As she says this the train starts to move and there is yet another knock on the door.Sarah opens it to reveal Ron Weasley. He looks in and smiles "bloody hell it is true. You are Harry Potter. My name is Ron. Ron Weasley. You need to come with me. You don't need to be sitting in the same compartment as these filthy snakes. Their nothing but trouble. The whole lot of them is evil." Harry just stares at Ron while Daphne looks indifferent.Harry finally says "no thanks. I'm quite happy where I am thank you" Ron just stares before stalking away. He can't believe the Boy-Who-Lived would rather sit with a bunch of snakes over him. He wasn't worried though. He knew when Harry was sorted into Gryffindor with him that everything would work itself out.Harry looks at the two girls and says "I'm so sorry about that. I have no clue who he was but he had no right to say that type of stuff to you"Daphne just sniffs in indifference before replying "you better get used to things like that Harry. No one will approve of you hanging out with a bunch of Slytherins unless you get sorted with us. Then they'll just call for a resort. You're the Boy-Who-Lived. You're expected to be the perfect light boy like you're parents and go into Gryffindor." Sarah just hums to herself smiling like she knows something they don't.Harry frowns "no one is going to tell me who I can or can't be friends with. I will be who I want to be and no one else. I'd like to see anyone try and stop me." Daphne smiles in approval of his statement before leaning back against the seat."You're not going to make many friends with that attitude but I don't mind it. I find it very interesting. I can't wait to see you take on Hogwarts" She is already composing a letter to her father in her head. She knows he will love to hear that Harry isn't in Dumbledore's pocket like they all feared. Maybe there was hope for Harry yet.At this point the door of the compartment is open yet again. A bushy haired girl is standing there. "Have any of you seen a toad. A boy a couple compartments down lost his" She has a bossy tone to her voice.Sarah smiles at her "no we haven't seen a toad but we'll let you know if we do" Her tone is dreamy again like she wasn't being serious about the situation. The girl frowns thinking Sarah is making fun of her."My name is Hermione by the way. I'm the first witch in my family. I've tried a lot of magic from the books and I'm fairly good at it. Have any of you tried any of the magic yet" Sarah smiles happy. Finally another witch like her."I wish I could have. I'm also the first in my family to have magic. I'm from America though and we aren't allowed to do magic in front of muggles. Not even our family so I haven't tried any magic yet." Hermione and Sarah strike up a conversation that lasts the rest of the ride while Harry goes back to looking out the window and Daphne pulls out Witch Weekly and begins to read it.HPHPHPHPHPHPWell here's chapter one. I know it's slow but I want to introduce the four main characters I want to focus on at the moment. Yes more girls are going to be added besides these three but I'm starting it slow. He's only 11 right now lol. Anyway please review and don't flame. Constructive criticism is always welcome as well as a Beta.
