Hey. This is a new story that I'm writing, so I hope you enjoy and review. It is a Draco/OC story, in case you wondering, and it is set in Harry's and Maddie's fifth year. And remember to check out my other Harry Potter stories, thanks. Lots of love.Harry and Maddie Potter sat together side by side on the two swings, settled deep in the small playground in Little Whinging. It was close to night, but they didn't want to return to Number 4 Privet Drive, where they would be no more welcomed then they would be anywhere else.Maddie looked up at the same time as Harry as they heard their cousin Dudley Dursley, a big boy who recently had fat turn to muscle to quickly to lose the bulk. He had small watery eyes like a pig, and his red face and mop of blonde hair only added to that appearance.He swaggered up to the two twins, his gang behind him, and Harry said angrily, "Hey big D. You beat up another twelve year-old?""This one deserved it," Dudley said stupidly, while his gang laughed behind him."Yeah," One of them, Piers Polkins, said."Five against one; very brave," Maddie commented blankly, staring at him with a distant look in her eyes."Well you're one to talk," Dudley said slowly, "both of you, moaning in your sleep every night. At least I'm not afraid of my pillow.""Ha, ha, ha, ha," his friends laughed again."Don't kill Cedric!' Who's Cedric, your boyfriend?" Dudley mocked, "He's going to kill me, mum!' Where's your mum, Potter?"Maddie angrily fingered her wand, which was clenched tightly in her hand. She flicked her gaze down to it, then to Harry, then back to Dudley."Shut up" Harry said quietly."She dead?" Dudley asked, sticking his bottom lips out in a mock pout. "She dead? Is she dead po-?"Harry lurched to his feet, and hurried forwards, sticking his wand under Dudley's fat chin and holding it threateningly. His friends laughed, not getting the meaning of it, as Maddie jumped forwards and yelled."Harry, he's not worth it!""Whoa, ha, ha, ha, ha, hahahahaDudleywe've got to go," Piers said, starting to get freaked out as the clouds came over in thick grey swirls. He, along with the other boys, raced away from the scene, leaving the three family members by themselves."What are you doing?" Dudley asked, not taking his gaze away from Harry or his wand."I'm not doing anything!" Harry shouted, staring up at the sky. He pulled his wand away from Dudley's neck, reached back and took Maddie's hand, and together they ran from the park towards Magnolia Crescent, Dudley hobbling after them on his large feet.Their breathing grew heavier as the rain splattered down, soaking the dirt into mud and making it even harder for them to run. Maddie still held her hand tightly around her wand, and she quickly stuffed in in her jean pockets so she wouldn't drop it.Ivy and Phoenix feather, 10  inches long, flexible and good for charm work and transfiguration, it was the one and only wand she had ever had since she was 11 years old. It was sister to her brother's wand, and Lord Voldemort's, given they shared the same core, a very rare phenomenon.The three of them ran underneath a Train Bridge, and stopped halfway along, panting heavily. Dudley came up beside them a few seconds later, arms flailing, staring down the Underpass with fear.Then the lights started to flash above them, bathing them in a dim glow that changed to black constantly. Maddie glanced at them, confused and curious, and her eyes widened in shock as frost started to form over the glass panels, making it even darker, until the lights went out completely.She had made a desperate grab for her wand when she was knocked onto her back, and it went flying from her hand, skidding along the icy ground easily."Ahh, Dudley, run!" Harry said, struggling. Maddie knew what it was, even though she could not see it with her own eyes. She would know that cold, hopeless feeling anywhere, spreading through her body like a racking chill that left you weak and lost, with little left to live for.She heard a loud thud as Dudley skidded along the ground, just like her wand, and a shadowy figure swept passed her over to him."AhAHH!" Dudley groaned."AhhExpecto Patronum!" Harry shouted, and the light from his silvery stag illuminated the Underpass. A Dementor glided past her in a hurry, away from the Patronus as fast as it could. Harry watched it go, while Maddie hurried forwards towards Dudley, picking her wand up along the way.She got ready to produce her own Patronus, a large and bountiful shaggy dog, but she didn't have time before Harry's Stag came galloping past her towards the Dementor floating over Dudley, getting ready to suck out his soulThe Stag charged, smashing into the Dementor with its antlers and shoving it away from the slowly weakening boy.Both Dementors disappeared, and Maddie and Harry walked slowly forwards towards Dudley, getting down on their knees to lean over him, concerned, not having any idea what to do.Maddie looked up, and her eyes widened as she spotted the last person she would expect to see."Mrs. Figg!" she said in surprise, and Harry's head shot up too.They both jumped to their feet as Mrs. Figg scurried towards them, dragging her basket behind her."Don't put away your wands, dears, they might come back."Maddie turned to stare at Harry as he did the same to her, and their eyes were wide with shock as they went to stare back at her.o.O"Dementors in Little Whinging, whatever's next? The whole world's gone Topsy-Turvy" Mrs. Figg mumbled, shifting her eyes around to stare down the street as Harry and Maddie stumbled under Dudley's weight."I don't understand," Maddie said, "How do you know about-""Dumbledore asked me to keep an eye on you," Mrs. Figg interrupted."Dumbledore!" Harry said in shock. "You know Dumbledore?""Uh-huh. After You-Know-Who killed that poor Diggory boy last year, did you expect him to let you go wandering around on your own? Good lord, boy, they told me you were intelligent," she said as they reached the Dursleys. "Now get inside and stay there, and someone will be in touch soon. Whatever happens, don't leave the house!"Harry and Maddie watched the old woman walk back to her house, then they both turned and dragged Dudley through the front door, past the hallway, into the living room, where Aunt Petunia was fanning herself with an electric fan."Duddikins, is that you?" she asked, and then turned around. "DuddyVernon, come quick!"Uncle Vernon came hobbling into the room, a spoon in his mouth that he had used to scoop out ice cream from the kitchen, and leant down over his son."Who did this to you, boy?" he asked, and Dudley shakily raised his hand from the bucket Petunia had shoved at him to point at Harry and Maddie.Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia looked up to stare at them, and Vernon stepped forwards."Happy, are we, now? Eh?" he said. "You've finally done it. You've finally driven him loopy." Aunt Petunia made a noise in the back of her throat. "J-j-just look at him, Petunia! Our boy has gone yumpy. I've reached my limit, do you hear? This is the last I'm going to take of you and your nonsense!"Suddenly, an envelope fluttered through the open window as an owl flew past, and floated in front of Harry, Its front shifting into that of a face and the wax seal forming lips."Dear Mr. Potter," it said. "The Ministry has received intelligence that at six twenty-three this evening you performed the Patronus Charm in the presence of a Muggle. As a clear violation of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, you are hereby expelled from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Hoping you are well, Mafalda Hopkirk."Uncle Vernon stepped forwards again, holding the spoon up, and with a malicious grin on his face, said, "Justice!"o.OMaddie stared out the window from the bedroom that she and Harry shared, shifting the curtain to the side as she watched Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon help Dudley into the car and drive off. She continued looking even after they had driven off.But she whipped around in surprise as Harry smashed his fists on the wardrobe, causing Maddie to jump, Hedwig and Peisione (Maddie's owl) to squawk, and a picture frame of the twins' parents to fall to the floor."Sorry," Harry mumbled, bending down to pick up the frame. He stopped and stared at it for a little bit, before setting it down on his bedside table and climbing into bed."Goodnight, Maddie," he whispered, folding his glasses and putting them beside him."Night," she whispered back, and lay down in her own. But sleep didn't come easily that night. She shifted around in her bed, but her eyes did not droop with sleep, and her mind didn't settle from the thoughts racing through it. How could Harry be expelled? He hadn't done anything wrong!She heard Harry shuffling in his sleep, obviously having the nightmares that they often had from the previous year, where they were both whizzed far away from Hogwarts grounds, to a graveyard, and had witnessed Cedric's death, the re-birth of Lord Voldemort, and had only just managed to escape.There was a creak from the stairs, and Maddie sat up. She glanced over at Harry and saw his eyes flicker open. They both got slowly to their feet, picking their wand up from the table, and holding it out to the door."I can't believe these muggles" Someone, a girl by the sound of it, said."Tonks, for Gods' sake," someone else growled in a voice grizzled by age.The door flew open, and Maddie winced from the light emanating from a young woman's wand."Professor Moody? What are you doing here?" Harry and Maddie said together, lowering their wands."Rescuing you of course," he growled. The woman in front pranced forwards, only just keeping herself from tripping over the end of Maddie's bed, and stuck out a hand to her."Tonks, Wotcher," she said."Um, Maddison Potter, but Maddie is good," she said awkwardly, grabbing the girl's hand. She felt the prickle over her scalp which meant it was changing colour, obviously going red given it was black just beforehand, and her eyes itched for a moment, so now they would appear green."Wow, you're a Metamorphmagus too!" Tonks shouted gleefully, and Maddie frowned, pulling out her trunk from under her bed on Moody's instructions."A what?""You know, change appearance at will. I can do it too." She scrunched up her face and her hair changed from a vibrant purple to bubble-gum pink, then back again.Maddie stared at her in surprise. "I can only go between red and black, and my eyes only green and brown.""Oh, well, still," Tonks said, shrugging. "Awesome isn't it?"Maddie threw her clothes into her trunk, and got back down on the ground to pull out her books, cauldron and broomstick. Tonks took them and pushed them into the trunk, while across the room Moody helped Harry."So where are we going?" Maddie asked Tonks, keeping her voice quiet."Headquarters, and that's all I can tell you for now so don't bother asking any more question," Tonks answered rapidly, closing the lid to Maddie's trunk with a snap and levitating it down the stairs. Maddie quickly took hold of Peisione, and together, they walked down to the living room, Harry and the others following.Tonks glanced down at Maddie's trunk, and with a flick of her wand, it shrunk down to pocket size. She shoved it in her pocket, and let Penn (Peisione) out of the cage so she could follow them, doing the same with Hedwig.Moody threw the front door open, and hobbled out with his walking stick. The rest of them followed, and Harry asked a little breathlessly as they went, "But where are we going? The letter said I'd been expelled from Hogwarts.""Well you haven't bee, not yet. Dedalus, you take point""But the letter said"Kinsley Shacklebolt, a tall dark skinned man in blue robes, said, "Dumbledore has persuaded the Minister to suspend your expulsion pending a formal hearing.""A hearing?" Maddie and Harry said in unison."Uh, huh.""Don't worry, we'll explain when we get back to Headquarters," Tonks said brightly, though fired up as Moody turned to her."Shh, Not here, Nymphadora," he growled at her, and Tonks turned back to him with an even furious look on her face.Her hair flamed red, and smoke started to rise from her head. "Don't. Call. Me. Nymphadora," She growled back at him, and he quickly turned away from her. Maddie watched as she shook her head and it went back to normal.Suddenly, their brooms flew forwards, and they all caught them easily."Stay in formation, everyone. Don't break ranks if one of us is killed."Maddie gulped, mounted her broom, and the soared off threw the sky.SO this is done, and I hope you enjoyed. Remember that if you don't review I won't update. Lots of love
