A/N: Okay so first off I just want to say that this is my first fanfic, so please, be kind. I also would like to say that even though I love the HP books, this story will be based more off what's in the movies, starting in the beginning of HBP and going until the end of the series. So if you have a problem with the movies, then this fanfic isn't really for you.Secondly, this will follow events mostly centered around my OC. I will leave most of the plot alone, only adding in a few differences here and there to coincide with my own character and plot. New events will be added into the story, but it will basically follow the same timeline as the movies. I have changed a few things already in this chapter, for example, Theodore Nott is different than how he is portrayed in both the books and the movies and Draco is good friends with him and Blaise Zabini, instead of Crabbe and Goyle who I cannot stand.Third, the rating to this story is M, there will be fluff and lots of it, but not right away.Fourth, I'm from the US and have been googling different terms that are used in the Harry Potter world to make it seem...more realistic I suppose, but please don't get mad if I get something wrong.Lastly, if you don't like this, then just don't read it. I welcome reviews and comments or whatever but please, no flames. I'm just doing this for fun and because I love to write and I love Draco's character and think the whole Dramoine thing has been done a lot, so I thought to try something different.Anyway, here it is. R&R;!Anna Gilbert's parents were weary of sending her back to Hogwarts, claiming that it was too dangerous for her and that they wanted her home safe with them. She'd ultimately refused them, explaining to them that there was no safer place for her to be than at the school with Dumbledore. As long as he was around, the school was safe and You-Know-Who couldn't touch Hogwarts.Her father didn't know as much about the situation as her mother, being that he was a Muggle, but he knew enough to understand that it was dangerous and Anna couldn't deny that. You-Know-Who was back and he was seeking vengeance. Her mother, on the other hand, knew more about it and wasn't as persistent about keeping her home. She knew, from having attended Hogwarts that she would be safe but the threat of the Dark Lord still made her reluctant.In the end, Anna had won the argument and she now sat on the Hogwarts Express in a compartment with Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, Luna and Neville. She had always been good friends with Ginny and Ron, considering they were her cousins. Arthur Weasley and Anna's mother, Jocelyn were brother and sister. Thankfully, Anna hadn't inherited the fiery red Weasley hair and instead got her father's brown locks. Her Aunt Molly and Uncle Arthur were like second parents to her and she'd practically grown up in the Burrow with her seven cousins. Having been an only child, the red-heads were like her siblings. Especially Ginny  the two girls had been inseparable since birth and were more like sisters than cousins. Ron, Fred and George were also close to her age, so they were like her older brothers and very protective over Anna and Ginny. It made not having any siblings better because they were the next best thing.Harry and Hermione had become her good friends as well, along with Neville and Luna after taking part in the DA with them and fighting alongside them in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries. They were a big part of the reason why she needed to come back to Hogwarts. She needed to be with her friends, even if it meant being in danger. She knew they would come back and she couldn't bear something happening to them without her being there to help."What was Draco doing with that weird looking cabinet? And who were all those people?" Harry was saying quietly and Anna couldn't help but get the feeling that he was speaking only the Hermione and Ron and she tried to tune them out and listen to what Luna was talking to Neville and Ginny about but it didn't work. "Don't you see? It was a ceremony, an initiation.""Stop it, Harry," Hermione quipped, staring at her friend in disbelief. "I know where you're going with this.""It's happened," Harry insisted and Anna licked her lips, staring at Neville and trying not to make it obvious that she was eavesdropping. "He's one of them.""One of what?" Ron asked, obviously not understanding what Harry was talking about.Hermione let out an exasperated sigh. "Harry's under the impression that Draco Malfoy is now a Death Eater."Anna's eyes widened and she wondered idly how Harry would have ever come up with that assumption. Yes, Malfoy was a git, an evil prat and had made their lives hell all their years at Hogwarts, but a Death Eater? No, he was too big of a wimp to be one of the Dark Lord's followers.Ron scoffed. "You're barking. What would You-Know-Who want with someone like Malfoy?"Anna tuned out then, knowing that the conversation was invalid to her anyhow and focused on Luna talking about Gnargles and how she'd found a whole pack of them wandering around in her garden over the summer vacation. Beside her, Ginny snickered and Anna couldn't help but do the same."I'm hungry, want to go get something off the trolley with me?" the red-head asked and Anna nodded eagerly.The corridors of the train were always crowded and had first years running around like chicken's with their heads cut off, eager to make new friends. The girls dodged the new students and found the snack trolley. Anna bought her favorite Bertie Bots Ever Flavor Beans and Ginny a Pumpkin Pasty. They stood against the wall of the train, enjoying their treats."So, how long did it take for you to convince your father to let you come back?" Ginny asked, taking a nibble of her pasty.Anna rolled her eyes. "A while. He was so bloody annoying about it, even after Mum explained that I would be fine.""He's just worried about you. My mum was weary about it too, but Dad convinced her.""I actually think he spoke to my father too," Anna said with a smile. Good old Uncle Arthur, always pulling through.Ginny was about to answer when someone knocked into her shoulder, throwing her off balance for a moment and shoving her into Anna. The girls looked up, expecting an apology but knowing there was no way they would get one when they realized who had bumped them.Draco Malfoy stood in front of them, his usual arrogant smirk plastered on his pointy face. He wore a black dress coat and black slacks and his bleach blonde hair was slicked to the side as it always was. He glared at them with icy blue eyes, hatred eminent in them."Get out of my way, you hags," Malfoy spat, squaring his shoulders defensively at the two girls."Didn't your parents ever teach you manners, Malfoy?" Anna shot back, moving to stand somewhat in front of Ginny. She was used to tiffs with the Slytherin and the happened a lot more often than not. She knew how to handle him. "Or have they seemed to slip your mind since Daddy's found a new home in Azkaban?"She saw the fire ignite in his eyes at the mention of his father and he took a step closer to her. Merlin, she'd forgotten how tall her was, had he always been that big? She barely came up to his wide shoulders now and he seemed to swallow up her small frame."Watch your tongue, Half-Blood, if you know what's good for you," he snarled through his teeth.Anna's eyes narrowed. "You don't scare me, Malfoy."He licked his lips and locked his jaw as he stared down at her with evil eyes and she couldn't help but get lost in the see of blue for a moment before pulling herself back. Damn him for being so cunningly attractive.Draco smirked and she fretted that he'd noticed her little moment of weakness. "Don't underestimate me, Gilbert," he growled lowly, then glared at Ginny for a second before dismissing himself.Anna scowled after him and Ginny just shook her head."I wonder if he'll ever stop being such an ass," Ginny mused.Anna shook her head. "Never."They returned the compartment with their friends and found Harry missing. Apparently he went out to get some air but Anna could see that Hermione didn't believe the excuse. Harry had probably gone to spy on Malfoy considering his earlier accusations.Great, this year was already turning out to be interesting. Would they ever be able to have a quiet year at Hogwarts?No, the answer was always no.Draco made his way through the train towards the Slytherin car, shoving past anybody who seemed to be in his way. His blood was still boiling from his encounter with the Weasley girl and her Half-Blood cousin and he couldn't help but picture her face in his mind. He'd never gotten along with her and it was mainly because she was a Weasley but also because she made sure to get on his every nerve.Gilbert was friends with Potter and the rest of his gang of misfits and that automatically put her farther down in his book. Not to mention she seemed to think she was better than he was and thought that standing up to him made her brave. No, it made her stupid. Stupid to think that she would ever stand a chance against him. She was young and nave and knew nothing about what was to come. She was there at the Battle of Mysteries last year and was part of the reason his father now occupied a cell in Azkaban, but that was nothing compared to what was coming. The Dark Lord had plans.His arm throbbed a bit, the pain of his new Mark still there and pulsing slightly against his skin. He forced himself not to think about it. He couldn't draw attention to it, nobody could know what he was now, it would break him.He hadn't wanted to take the Mark. Not truly. He'd only done it because of his mother and her safety. If he didn't join Voldemort, she would be killed and so would he. They were being punished for Lucius' mistakes and now Draco was forced to perform a task, a task that he knew he would surely fail, but knowing he had to try  for his mother.He wasn't doing it for anybody else but her. He really could care less about his father, he'd made his bed and Draco knew Lucius wouldn't think twice about offering Draco up to the Dark Lord to complete a nearly impossible task. His mother on the other hand, was devastated as she watched him take the Mark, crying and begging them to reconsider."He's just a boy," she'd cried but nobody listened to her as they branded him. It was painful, more so than it should have been because he wasn't willing, at least not completely but it made no difference. He was a Death Eater now, destined to follow in the path of his father. And he was burdened with the awful task of killing Albus Dumbledore.Draco wasn't a killer. He knew that. His mother knew that. Merlin, he was even sure that the Dark Lord knew it too. It was as if he was being set up for failure, giving the Dark Lord an excuse to get rid of the Malfoy family once and for all. How could anyone expect him to perform such a task? He didn't much like Dumbledore but he was damn sure that he wouldn't be able to kill him if ever faced with the opportunity. He'd accepted that and now he had no choice.He finally got to the car and found his companions. He sat next to Parkinson as he'd seen her face light up when he entered and resisted the urge to roll his eyes. The girl was completely infatuated with him and he really wanted nothing else to do with her but shag her when it was convenient for him. She didn't seem to complain though as long as he was giving her some sort of attention. It was pathetic really but Draco couldn't complain  at least he got some relief every now and then.Blaise Zabini and Theodore Nott sat across from them, the same stoic look on his face. He wasn't sure if Zabini even knew how to show emotions, but liked him all the same. And Theo waswell, Theo, always good for a joke and tougher than most of the Slytherin boys, which was why Draco liked to keep him at his side. At least they weren't complete imbeciles like Crabbe and Goyle. Draco could barely tolerate those two anymore. Draco respected Blaise and Theo and considered them to be the closest things to friends as he had."Drakey, we've been waiting for you," Pansy cooed, latching her arms around his and leaning in closer and Draco held back a scowl. "How was your summer?""Just peachy," Draco droned and then smirked. "Aside from my father being thrown into prison and my mother nearly landing herself a one-way ticket to St. Mungo's, it was all well and good, Parkinson."The round-faced girl fell silent and her grip on his arms slackened at the sound of his irritated voice.They sat in silence for a while before a cloud of black smoke engulfed the whole car and Draco stood, ready on the defense. Behind him, Blaise and Theo stood as well at his flanks. Draco's hands clenched into fists, ready for anything, but was ultimately pulled out of his defensive haze by Parkinson's needy voice."It's probably just some first years playing pranks," she consoled. "Come sit down, boys."He didn't want to make it seem like he was listening to her but he allowed her voice to drag him back to sit down. He glared at his hands on the table and felt the slight sting of the Mark on his left arm, just underneath the fabric of his jacket."Hogwarts," he scoffed, looking up at Zabini and Nott sitting across from him. "What a pathetic excuse for a school. I think I'll pitch myself off the Astronomy Tower before I have to continue for another two years."They both nodded in agreement, although he wasn't sure if they totally agreed. He knew that Theo liked school because it meant he got away from his abusive father for the year and Blaise enjoyed his classes and seeing his friends."What's that supposed to mean?" Pansy asked, her face contorted in worry.Draco smirked. "Let's just say I don't need to be wasting my time with charms class next year."Theo snickered. "Come on, Drake, you and I both know you need Charms class more than I do."Blaise chuckled. "I think you've confused him with yourself, mate. I recall you barely passed your O.W.L in that class."The bigger Slytherin shrugged his broad shoulders. "Probably not."The two boys shared another laugh but Draco couldn't help but notice the sound coming from above his head on the luggage shelf. As he studied his bag more closely, he saw it move only there was nothing around it to make it move.His eyes narrowed and he couldn't help but let his mind wander to who it could be up there, but he already knew the answer. He smirked to himself and focused on talking with Pansy, Theo and Blaise, appearing to ignore the person under the invisibility cloak on the luggage shelf.The train pulled up to the Hogwarts station and Draco allowed everyone else to get off, knowing that this would be his only chance to really confirm who had been spying on him. Pansy looked back at him as he sat in his seat, waiting for him to join her."You three go on," he ordered quietly. "I want to check something."They obeyed and he was left alone on the cart. He pulled his bag off of the shelf and then went to the door after the last person had left and shut it, pulling down the blind. He slowly reached for his wand that was in his right pocket."Didn't mummy ever tell you it was rude to eavesdrop, Potter?" he growled and then turned quickly, aiming his wand at where his bag was and shouting, "Petrificus Totalus!"The light shot out of his wand and collided with the invisible body, throwing it to the floor. Draco smirked and walked towards it, able to see the outline of Potter now that he was staring. He pulled the cloak back to reveal that his accusations were correct. Harry Potter lay immobilized on the floor of the train car."Oh yeah, she was dead before you could wipe the drool off your chin," he snarled and then lifted his foot to connect his boot with Potter's face. "That's for my father," he said, picking up the cloak to drape it back over his body. "Enjoy your ride back to London," he covered Potter with the cloak again and made his way off the train, unable to contain his stupid smirk on his face. He loved messing with Potter and now, maybe he wouldn't have to deal with his irritating face every day in school."Has anybody seen Harry?" Hermione asked as they all sat in the Great Hall for supper. The Sorting Ceremony had just ended and the feast had just begun and Anna sat across from Hermione, in between Ginny and Neville."I haven't seen him since the train," Anna told her with a sympathetic smile."Don't worry," Ron said with a mouthful of food. "I'm sure he's fine."Hermione glared at him and Anna couldn't help but smirk at her friend's face. She watched Hermione lift her textbook and start hitting Ron on the arm with it."Will you stop eating?" she said with disgust. "Your best friend is missing.""Turn around, ya lunatic," Ron asked, staring at her in disbelief.Anna followed Ron's gaze to see Harry walking into the Great Hall with Luna, wiping his nose with a cloth."He's covered in blood again," Ginny observed. "Why is it he's always covered in blood?" she asked, looking at Anna who just shrugged."Looks like it's his own this time," Ron said.Harry approached the table and sat down next to Ginny."Where have you been?" Hermione hissed. "And what happened you your face?""Later," Harry dismissed, wiping away the blood again. "What have I missed?"Ron rolled his eyes. "The Sorting Hat told us to be brave and strong in this troubled times. It's a hat isn't it? What does he know?"Nobody answered him and Ginny helped Harry wipe away the blood on his face. Anna couldn't help but roll her eyes. She wished they would just hook up already. Everyone knew that they liked each other. Hell, Ginny had been in love with Harry since they were kids. But they were both to stubborn and scared to admit it to each other.Anna couldn't really say anything though. She'd had a thing for Michael Corner, a sixth year in Ravenclaw, for a while now but he didn't even know she existed. Michael was sweet and trustworthy and one of the most handsome boys in school. He was in the DA last year with them and she'd gotten to talk to him a bit but he didn't seem to be interested in her.Aside from her schoolgirl crush on Michael, Anna had never had a boyfriend. Not that she wanted one, she was okay with being single. She wasn't ugly but she knew that she wasn't stunning like Angelina Johnson, who was known around the school for her beauty. No, Anna had long, mousy brown hair that she had trouble containing most days and a small frame. Her curves had come on unexpectedly when she was thirteen and she did her best to hide her body with her school robes and then wearing just jeans and t-shirts or jumpers. Her eyes were an ugly green, like her father's and she hated them, thinking they almost looked like puke. Why couldn't she have blue eyes like her mother? Or even brown  she would have settled for brown.She sighed to herself and listened to Dumbledore's speech on bravery and how this school year would be a difficult one with You-Know-Who returning. He introduced the new potions professor  Horace Slughorn and announced that Snape would finally be taking over Defense Against the Dark Arts, the position he'd been wanting since before they even came to Hogwarts. He told the story of Tom Riddle and how he would go on to become to most fearful wizard in the world. It was all very eerie to Anna and she really just wished she could go back to her dormitory and sleep. She was exhausted and Dumbledore's speech was scaring her.As if reading her mind, Dumbledore dismissed them and they all headed up to their respected dorms. As she filed out of the Great Hall, she couldn't help but look back at the Slytherin table to see Malfoy sitting there, seeming to be completely focused on something else. It was only when his cold gaze met hers that she turned away quickly, averting her eyes and following Ginny up to the Gryffindor Towers.
