A/N: First of all, I would like to say that since I do not in any form speak the French or Bulgarian languages, that I refuse to use an online translator and hope the sentences come out correctly. As a speaker of five other languages besides my native one, but not these two; I feel it is highly insulting to write something in another language only to discover the wording structure and context is all wrong.So, for this matter, Fleur and her family will be using English out of courtesy for Harry as will Vikto Krum at various points when he in the story, and beside I never decided to learn French or Bulgarian as one of the five languages I know besides English. I do hope the readers understand and I apologize for this, even if it is not my fault I do not speak this language.Secondly, this will be a very long work. Covering from fourth year to the end of the series in the books. Not all of this will be completely canon, so if things are different, you have been warned. More so since it will be different in the very beginning too, as in this chapter. it will also be rated as M for Mature readers from the start. The beginning is not that bad, and it mostly later on, but I am exercising caution in case I have to adapt my plot set-up somehow.Summary: What if losing a new life with Sirius before fourth year made Harry realize he was no more than a tool for Dumbledore and his war? What if everything he thought he knew of his family was a lie? The tool finally becomes the puppet master and takes control of his own life while he follows destiny to see where it would lead him; that's what happens. Pairings: Harry Potter/ Fleur Delacour, Ron/Hermione, Neville/Luna, Draco/GinnyFollowing DestinyChapter I: RealizationHarry had been back at Number Four Privet Drive for the summer after this third year at Hogwarts for nearly a week now. The young wizard had seen many changes in this time he had been there and some of the changes he had created by himself out of necessity for survival.Harry had gotten his relatives to acknowledge him finally. They did not have to accept him, but to at least acknowledge he existed and to treat him as a human being. It was the first time in remembrance Harry had been allowed to eat as normal being there and to do other family things with them as long as he didn't annoy them too much.Harry had also begun to review all his previous work from the last three years. He realized that the dark lord and his followers wanted him for some reason. Why, it was anyone's guess; but they did and Harry needed to stop playing dumb. His parent's friend had sold them out in a grab for power, so he knew the dark lord would be back to get him if the headmaster was right and he truly was not as dead as they liked to believe.Harry had reason to believe it was true and that it would be sooner rather than later due to the obviously vivid and odd dreams he had been receiving lately. However, he had kept them to himself as so not to cause panic to anyone and because he was not sure any longer if the headmaster truly looked out for his well-being as Harry Potter and his student, rather than a tool for the war that might come.Tonight though he was resting from his studying as it was his birthday and he had over done it the last few days. It was nearing midnight and the hour of his birth approached. Harry was waiting for the owls of his friends.The owls had come and flown in gently. He recognized most of them, but two of them he did not. Harry shrugged and figured they would not be harmful if he had touched them and wasn't harmed in some way unless he had to open it first.Harry's magic had grown quite stronger due to the studying he had done, and while he could not practice his spells at home; he could just tell somehow it had. He was done playing dumb and being Albus's pawn for the war. He would settle it his way now as he ought to.Harry sat on the bed and opened Ron's present first.Hey mate,Hope those relatives of yours have been treating you okay. Happy birthday, Harry. I'm sorry things didn't work out as they should have with Padfoot, but don't worry; it'll be better soon enough I'm sure.Anyways, I got you a set of your favorite chocolate when we had to go to town for something at Gringotts earlier in the summer. Mum said you should eat more and has also sent you some meat pies and bread loaves in the larger packages from her and Dad.Oh yeah, and Dad got tickets to the Quidditch World Cup this year from work. One for all of us and you and Hermione. Mum already asked the headmaster for permission to take you and he said you could go as well, so we'll be there to pick you up next week around noon.Cheers.RonHarry smiled at this. It was great to go to something like this after last year's horrible ending. He then opened a bit of chocolate as he unfolded Hermione's letter.Dear Harry,Happy Birthday! I hope your summer hasn't been too bad and that the Dursley's are being tolerable. That owl is my new one, and her name is Athena, just so you know. I think Pig has a crush on her, but she doesn't seem to care for it much. Did you already read Ron's letter? What am I saying, of course you have? Probably to get Pig to settle down and quit annoying Hedwig by zooming all over your bedroomI sent you several books that you seemed interested in last year when we snuck to Hogsmeade that one time, but then Ron dragged you off to the candy store and Malfoy caught you and so you had to make a break for the castle. I hope you enjoy them, as I know you planned to study harder this summer and relearn the materials we have covered so far. Good for you! I also know that the teachers would likely never approve of you reading them, so I figured if you wanted themyou'd need to get them yourself or have someone send them to you. So, I saved you the trouble. Know that if the dark lord truly isn't as dead as we think and I happen to agree with you due to the nature of the dreams you had; then I approve of your actions for whatever they are worth.I also would like to say that I am honored you trusted me with the knowledge of the dreams and no one else. I am unsure why you did not wish to tell the headmaster, but I am sure you will tell us why once we see you again.Anyways, I am ecstatic to see you again for the World Cup and the rest of the summer. Mine's been normal enough even if I was traveling and spent most of it in Greece with my parents. I hope you won't encounter too much trouble from your relatives about leaving early. Honestly, I think they'll be gladthey really should grow up and start treating you better.Sorry about that, but they just make me so mad.Well, anyways, I'll see you soon and hang in there.Love your friend and sister without blood,HermioneHarry had to chuckle now. You could always tell the difference in the letters between his friends not only because of the handwriting on them. Ron's missive was so casual and open, whereas Hermione's was more proper and educated sounding. Ginny's letters, if she wrote at all, were often a mix of the two. He didn't mind, it was just funny to him, but that's how they were.He decided to write them back right.Ron and Hermione,I am sure both of you are at Ron's place by now, so I guessed two letters to the same home was a waste of parchment. Thank you for the gifts, the chocolate taste especially good right now and the third book in the stack of five is wonderful, Hermione. They're great gifts trulyand I appreciate them both with much gratitude. Tell your mum and dad thanks as well for the bread and meat pies, as I absolutely adore your mum's cooking. Honestly, no better cooking than a mom's, right? I will tell you what you wish to know when I see you, so hold onto those invisible horses I know you have. Too anxious and anticipatory for your own good Hermione Jane Granger...Ron, please make sure she rests and does not over-fry her brain too much in my absence. I do wish to be able to talk to her in a educated way when I see you next and that would defeat the purpose of trying to.The Dursley's and I have come to an understanding of sorts. They have been better this summer by leaps and bounds honestly, and I am sure you are glad to hear this from me. The World Cup sounds great and I am excited already. But then again, with how much I love flying and Quidditch; that's no surprise, I'm sure.When I see both of you again, I do need to talk to you both about something important. Please don't mention it to your parents Ron or to the Headmaster. I know this is odd from me, but trust me; it will make sense after I see you.Your friend,HarryHarry sent Pig off again with the note and then looked to the one owl that might belong to another friend. He was cautious as he wasn't certain, and he did not want to be caught in a trap of some kind. He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Ginny's name at the bottom and smiled before he read the letter.Hi Harry,Happy Birthday! I hope it has been a good one. I sent you a blank journal to write inI know what your thinking and don't give me that look I know is on your face right now, but noit's not cursed this time; I had dad check it just in case. I justI know you are under a lot of pressure and felt you needed something besides Ron and Hermione to confide in.Perhaps writing things down will allow you to look back at them with more clarity and realize where things could be changed to avoid future mistakes. I do care about you as friend Harry, and want you to be happy.On another note, I need to tell you something. You're the only one who I can confide in about this as we did experience the chamber incident together and if any of my family knewthey'd freak. Literally, as I'm sure Hermione would considering the scenario I'm about to drop onto you.You do know Lucius Malfoy placed the diary in my cauldron in my first year. Well, it seems his son had no idea of it when he was there, and was quite irritated by it when I had told him. Draco and I are secretly friends and he has wanted to be your friend, but he doesn't really have any true ones besides me, so he doesn't exactly know how to go about making them.But the real shocker here isDraco likes me Harry, as in that he wants to court me and become betrothed when old enough. His father is a concern because of him being a dark lord supporter and being able to evade capture so easily, so he has hidden the fact from him. Draco doesn't know how to express himself well and so he usually acts in anger or jealousy.He did to you because you refused his friendship, and then you seemed to be close to me as well.I know you might say this is dangerous, but Draco and I have been having secret correspondence for some time now and he has never tried to hurt me in any way. He says he wants away from his father's evil, but he doesn't know how to obtain it. To be honest, even though I had a crush on you; I also felt drawn in some way to Draco. I think we might be soul-mates, but I'm not sure about that as they are rare nowadays.I want you to talk to me at my house in private when you get here about this more. I do not feel safe revealing so much in a letter.Your friend forever and honorary baby sister,GinnyHarry was staring at the letter in shock. Draco still wanted his friendship and he had become so mean because he thought he refused it and was interested in Ginny all this time because he thought they were close to the other? He could kind of understand after the whole chamber fiasco and how Ginny followed him around silently with a flushed face. This discovery was striking to say the least though. If the worlds were true, and Draco admitted them to him; Harry would vouch for him and get him away from his crazy family somehow. But he had to be sure, as he didn't want Ginny getting hurt by him and the two families were in a blood feud and Harry definitely did not wish to make it worse than it was. If the two were soul-mates and not allowed to be togetherit would destroy them and he wanted his honorary baby sister around for as long as he was allowed to keep her. He also wanted his little sister to be happy, but this was rather shocking.Ginny,Thanks for the thoughtful gift. I assure you that I didn't think it was another cursed diary and I appreciate the thought. I will make the best attempt I am able to start using it. I feel this new term will be a royal pain for me, but I don't understand why yet.About our other topic, if what you say is true; I would be willing to speak to the third party alone without Ron and Hermione there once we return to the castle and found some privacy for the discussion. If he admits what you said was true and he has no intention of harming you, your family, Hermione or I; I will see about getting him away from his crazy family and vouch for him to my friends.I also expect no more rude comments from him as well and he will not desire to follow a soon-to-possibly return madman. Don't tell anyone I told you of this matter and carefully tell him to keep close watch on his father for odd behaviors or other useful things. If he is earnest in his desire for you, he should know that being light-sided would be a must to keep you. If he has his ears to the ground and watches for me, I have even more reasons to accept him as does your family and our side. I cannot win a war on my own. My dreams have been oddly weird in a freaky way, and I don't like it. They lead me to believe he is looking for a full revival and has found it, but it is not completed yet.He needs something he does not have, and whatever it is; it cannot be good.He will have my friendship if he cooperates to these conditions, but tell him that if he breaks his word; the protection will be revoked and he will be watching his back for all eternity because he hurt my baby sister and broke my trust. I don't trust as easily as he believes, and if he should break it; he will never regain it ever again. Soul-mates or not.HarryHarry coded the letter carefully, as he knew Ginny wnated this secret of hers to remain this way for now and then he sent it off with the owl that had delivered it as he had sent Pig back with the letter to Ron and Hermione before. Harry eyed the last two suspiciously. He had no idea who they were from and did not wish to open them exactly.One looked like it had official documents on it, but was not sure why anyone would be sending him something of that nature. So, he decided to brave the notice for whatever it was and open it.Dear Mr. H. J. Potter,The Goblins of Gringotts Bank in the London Branch have written to you on a note of dire importance. It seems we have been in grave error in regards to you and your funds as well as several other areas of your family history and past, and so we seek to see here as soon as possible to correct this error as best as we can due to the circumstances as they are.Do not inform your headmaster of the meeting, as he will likely try to stop it, and do not let anyone else know of it. The sensitive information will be detailed to you first as is proper. Whomever you entrust it to after thatmake sure you would give it to them as if you handed them your life into your hands.Ragnok BoodclawDirector of Gringotts Bank, London BranchHarry's eyes narrowed at this. This seemed legitimate and Goblins rarely ever make errors to their clients, so whatever it was that had gone wrong must be bad. However, why would the headmaster stop him from seeing them?Harry's eyes narrowed further; it must have something to do with why Albus danced around several questions in regards to his past. He had asked him numerous times now of it and why the dark lord was after him, but the old man had simply refused by giving him more puzzle's to solve.Harry then took the last letter to read. Which had really been two rolled together with a gift. Harry took the first one to read.Prongslet,Happy birthday and best wishes to my only and best godson. I hope you have had a day worthwhile and remember a birthday is only once a year, so to enjoy them as much as you can while you're still young.I sent you some broom servicing materials in a kit from the Quidditch shop in Diagon Alley. Remus bought it with money I gave to him from me, so I guess it's really from us both. Moony says he misses you and to say happy birthday too.I'm not supposed to tell you this, but I feel I must as it seems the Death Eaters are more active now because of it. My animagus form is useful for somethingHogwarts will not have Quidditch this year in order to have a Ministry held competition known as the Triwizard Tournament. In old days, it was discontinued due to how dangerous it was for students and because of how many of them died during it. Supposedly, they've remade the tournament so it's safer for students and from whatever I heard...only seventh years are supposed to be able be able to enter, but I felt you needed to know in case something should happen as I did happen across Lucius Malfoy and he was wearing a sinister smirk after the tournament was mentioned once or twice as he passed some conversations. I hope you exercise caution as I do worry for you, pup.I think they plan to use it as trap of some kind, so take care.Other than this, I hope you enjoy the World Cup with your friends and I hope to see you soon.SnufflesP.S. Padfoot might have been recognizable to anyone who knew of the Marauder in school, besides Peter as we did have some notoriety there, and so this is the new code name. Use it when writing me.Harry smiled brightly and was happy to have such wonderful gifts from his friends and family as he unrolled the last letter. Though he did have to laugh at the choice of code names; and he would be teasing his godfather over when he saw him next. The letter he was holding now; it was from the Headmaster.Harry my boy,Harry rolled his eyes at this and snorted softly in amusement.Happy birthday and I hope you are well. I am sure your friends have informed you of your upcoming traveling plans, so I don't think I need to lecture you more on safety than I have in past.I merely wish to write you in case the goblins of the bank wrote you. I am sure they have the best intentions of wanting to speak to you over certain new matters, but I fear I must discourage it for now. It would not help anything at the moment, so please ignore the missive for the time being.I have enclosed your supply list here as well, since after the World Cup, there would be limited amounts of time to gather things for the new term. The Weasley family will be taking you to gather them with their own children.Again, happy birthday and best of luck in the new term.Sincerely,Headmaster Albus Dumbledore.Once more Harry's ever growing suspicions were rising that the headmaster knew something and did not wish to share it. He quickly unattached his supply list before shredding the letter in frustration.He then grabbed parchment, ink, and quill for a letter that would soon change a lot of things.Ragnok Bloodclaw,I am very appreciative that you wrote me of these concerns instead of the headmaster, as I have been finding of late that I am becoming more and more suspicious of his motives in regards to me and the war against a certain dark lord should he ever be fully revived once more. I am also rather concerned by them if the director of Gringotts has decided to personally mail me about it. The errors must be something large, if you are involved in them now.I would like to meet you in person to address these issues, but unfortunately, I feel I may not be able to until after the World Cup is over and I have my annual supply gathering hunt in Diagon Alley for the year. Albus has me watched in the summer and I am unsure of exactly how well to know if there was a chance to evade the watchers except for one event.I do know I can see you earlier if you have room in your schedule for later today around three pm. The watchers change then and usually the man they send is drunk beyond coherent measure. He probably couldn't tell me from his own wand and this works to my favor and yours in this situation we find ourselves in.If this is acceptable, please answer as fast as possible.Harry J. Potter"Hedwig, I need you to deliver this to the director of Gringotts Bank in Diagon Alley. Do not let anyone else intercept this letter, even if the headmaster himself tries to. It is highly important and I cannot afford for it to be taken from its intended receiver." Harry said to her softlyHedwig's eyes seemed to understand his words as she hooted her response of acceptance to the task and allowed Harry to attach the letter to her."Fly swiftly and safely, girl."Hedwig nodded and disappeared into the night. Harry laid down and it was now two-thirty in the morning. He decided to sleep for a few hours if he had to convince his uncle to take him to London soon, as that would be painful.
