Seraphina Dale shuffled her feet nervously on Platform 9 3/4. This was her first time on the platform, and she had no idea whatsoever what she was doing.Her father kissed the top of her head gently. "You'll be all right, honey." he murmured. "Right?" Seraphina nodded nervously. Her father moved around to face her. "Listen to me." he said. "I know this is new, and I know mum never mentioned it, but you belong here. I don't know what it's about either, but you'll be okay."Seraphina looked her father in the eye. "But what if I make a fool of myself while I'm here?" she cried. "I don't know the first thing about magic!"Her father returned the look, gazing into her bright blue eyes. "Sera, stop. You'll be fine!" he said. He ruffled his daughters flaming red hair. It came out of its clip and flowed to her waist."Dad, enough with my hair!" Seraphina scolded him, pushing him away. She pulled the clip out of her hair and quickly fixed it.He laughed. "Sorry, Sera." Then the train's whistle sounded. "Dear Lord, you'd better hurry!" He kissed Seraphina's head again. She rushed off towards the train. She stopped at the door and turned towards her father. He was waving with a warm smile. She returned both, and jumped on the train.She gazed out the window at him until the train rounded a corner and she could see him no more. A single tear found it's way down her cheek. She quickly wiped it off and started looking for a compartment. Wandering down the isle, she saw all of them were choc-a-block full, except one, which housed only four people. Well, two, seeing as a girl with pale red hair and a boy with greasy black hair stormed out. They shoved past Seraphina, who glared wholes in their backs as they walked the way that she came.Seraphina wandered over to that compartment and knocked on the door frame. The two boys inside looked up at her knock, laughs drawn all over their faces."Sorry," she said. "Do you mind? Everywhere else is full.""Sure, if you want." said one boy. He had light brown hair and wore round glasses. He looked like a troublemaker indeed. "I'm James. James Potter, and this is Sirius." He nodded towards the other boy.With dark brown curly hair that bounced just above his shoulders, he looked like James's partner-in-crime. He grinned at Seraphina. "Sirius Black. Enter at your own risk."Seraphina walked in and slid the compartment door shut, then sat across from the two boys. "I'll take me chances, mate." She grinned along with them. "Sera, by the way. Seraphina Dale."James looked at her in mock horror. "Blimey, that's a long name!" He gasped. "Who was the idiot that gave you that name?"Seraphina stood up, walked over to James and punched him on the top of the head. "Sera's fine." she told him, glaring as she sat down again. James rubbed his head. Meanwhile, Sirius was looking thoughtful while laughing at James."Dale... Dale..." he muttered to himself. "Hang on, isn't Dale a pureblood name?" he asked Sera. She shrugged."Me mum was a witch." she told them. "Dad isn't though. He was as confused as I was when I got me letter."Sirius looked confused. "Confused?" he asked. "But if your mum was a witch, wouldn't she have told you two?""She died before she told us anything. We moved to London a few years back. Got me letter few months ago."James butted in. "Where do you have from, O' good lady?"Sera glared at him. "Do NEVER. Call. Me. A lady. I'm not graceful enough for that.""So where do you come from then?""Dampier." The two boys looked very confused by this point. Sera sighed. "Australia? Ring any bells?""Oh." Sirius and James had obviously never heard of the Western Australian town before. Not surprising, seeing as you need to learn the story of Red Dog before you knew that it even existed. Most of the time.James grinned again. "What house do you think you'll be in?"Now it was Sera's turn to be confused. "Say what?" she asked, raising an eyebrow. James and Sirius looked at each other skeptically.Sirius cleared his throat. "There's Hufflepuff, unafraid of toil."James joined in. "And Ravenclaw, with wit beyond measure.""Or Slytherin..." Sirius stopped there."For those of great ambition." James finished for him. The two finished in unison."And Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart."Sera chuckled to herself. "What do you think you'll be in, then?"James answered immediately. "Gryffindor."Sirius grimaced. "My whole family have been in Slytherin." Sera looked at him in shock."Blimey, mate. And I thought you were alright!" she said.James shook his head. "Unbelievable. That's exactly what I said."They all laughed. They continued talking throughout the train ride to Hogwarts, and sure enough, by the end of it, they were best friends. Sera talked, laughed and joked along with the boys.Maybe, she thought. Just maybe this won't be so bad after all.
