Harry Potter and bravery and  oh Harry be careful!I don't own the Harry Potter verse. Just playing.Summary: Hermione's brilliant logic solves the potion challenge then discovers an even bigger logic problem to solve in the Philosopher's Stone Quest, and she realizes that there was somewhere she really needed to be with someone who needed her so much more. Apologetic Snape with a manipulative unhelpful Dumbledore and Ronald. HHr NLLL Character deaths.12/07/14, 11/08/14-Harry Potter and bravery and  oh Harry be careful!-Chapter 16 of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone...."You drink that," said Harry. "No, listen, get back and get Ron. Grab brooms from the flying-key room, they'll get you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy  go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, we need him. I might be able to hold Snape off for a while, but I'm no match for him, really.""But Harry  what if You-Know-Who's with him?""Well  I was lucky once, wasn't I?" said Harry, pointing at his scar. "I might get lucky again."Hermione's lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Harry and threw her arms around him."Hermione!""Harry  you're a great wizard, you know.""I'm not as good as you," said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of him."Me!" said Hermione. "Books! And cleverness! There are more important things  friendship and bravery and  oh Harry be careful! ""You drink first," said Harry. "You are sure which is which, aren't you?""Positive," said Hermione. She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end, and shuddered."It's not poison?" said Harry anxiously."No  but it's like ice.""Quick, go, before it wears off.""Good luck  take care.""GO!"Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire... PSShe turned to leave and her untameable hair flared out just it did when he first saw her on the Hogwarts Express. When she repaired his glasses, opening his eyes, and he could suddenly see clearly for the first time. To see those honey almond eyes and cute smile cast their spell on him and warmed his heart giving him a feeling he did not understand and unknowingly he secretly crushed on her all this year. For what did he know of love, bravery, friendship and books? Hugs. He knew about Hermione's hugs. He sadly watched as his best friend disappeared through the purple fire leaving him all alone. At least she would be safe. That was all that mattered.Harry was already missing the warmth, comfort and safety of her hug and wished that he would soon feel that again. He took the smallest bottle and drunk it in one go. The chill in his stomach was ice cold and added to the loneliness he felt. He had hoped, as he was facing a certain most painful death that, he would at least get a kiss from the cute little witch. He would willingly sacrifice his life to save most important person in his life from the monster who had slaughtered his family. His feet felt like lead as he walked through the black flames to face his destiny.-Harry Potter and bravery and  oh Harry be careful!-...Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire... PSAnd into the sudden chill of the dark cold corridor. Hermione's mind was racing faster than she was running through the chambers and corridors. She was also very annoyed with herself that she had choked at that missed opportunity. She had the cute wizard she has been crushing on all year alone, and in her arms. The same cute wizard who was now going to his death to fight a dark evil professor, and all she could say was "...friendship and bravery and  oh Harry be careful! " "oh Harry be careful! " What happen to "and LOVE!" Just like she had practiced in the mirror with her hands over her heart! Then she could have kissed him just as she had practiced with her pillow.But it was too late now, her Harry was in grave danger again and she must go and find professor Dumbledore. Her Harry better survive as she promised herself, the next time Harry was in her arms, she will kiss him to death.-Harry Potter and bravery and  oh Harry be careful!-Hermione's logical mind was rapidly reprocessing all the information she had gathered today. They had seen the Headmaster fly off on a broomstick from the window of his office as they were returning from Hagrid's hut with the last piece of the puzzle. Hagrid had been tricked into revealing how to get past Fluffy by someone, whom they believed to be professor Snape. They had gone to warn professor McGonagall but she had told them that the stone was perfectly safe and the Headmaster was on his way to London on a broomstick of all things. The mere fact that they had worked it out proved that the stone was not safe.It would take the Headmaster hours to reach London by broomstick, and she had to send Hedwig with a letter but Hedwig would take even more hours to reach the Headmaster. Hours that Harry did not have. He may have been lucky once and he may get lucky again but even her Harry could not get that lucky.Everyone must have seen the Headmaster fly off so Professor Snape knew that Dumbledore is out of the castle and he has taken this opportunity to steal the stone for his master. Now that Hagrid had told him how to get past Fluffy, he only needed to wait until curfew when there would be no students wandering around. The unconscious troll told her that Professor Snape was not playing games and even now he was trying to retrieve the stone from the last obstacle. The one that had been set by the great Albus Dumbledore. She hoped that the obstacle had been one of his more brilliant ideas. Or at least better than his choice of Potions professor come thief or the DADA professor that was afraid of his own shadow or the History Professor who put everyone to sleep.Harry had told her about this mirror that the Headmaster had shown him, and that worried her that the Headmaster could trust the safety of her Harry to a mirror. Her respect for authority figures had taken a severe beating this year with so many disappointing incidents. The bullying by Malfoy and professor Snape, detention in the forbidden forest and the baby dragon. But the worse was losing professor McGonagall's trust because she lied to her to protect Ronald for bullying her and that was the true reason of how she ended up in that bathroom. Also the professors would not believe that Ronald could use the Levitation Charm, Wingardium Leviosa to lift the troll's club and pronounce it correctly as he utterly failed in class.'Oh why did the Headmaster have to go to London tonight of all nights!' Hermione thought.Then it hit her. This was the first time they actually knew when the Headmaster had left the castle and there are a number of ways for the Headmaster to travel by magic that she had found in her favourite book; Hogwarts, a History. It said that the Headmaster's Great Phoenix Fawkes could flame travel and transport him anywhere he wanted to go in an instant. Then there was Floo travel through the fireplace would have taken the Headmaster directly to the Ministry of Magic in a moment of time. So why did an elderly old wizard decide to travel by broomstick on such a cold moonless night when he must have known the school would be in danger.Hermione had reached the chamber of the giant chess set, and stopped running as everything became clear in her mind. It is surprising how a little danger can encourage the mind to think quickly and she had one exceptional brilliant mind. They were only three first year students who had managed to circumvent the six of the seven protections that the Professors had set up to guard a very powerful magical artifact that a dark lord had tried to steal from Gringotts Bank.But the protections had been set at their level of Magical Knowledge and skill, the chess set was specifically for Ronald, the potion logic challenge was for her, and the flying winged keys was for Harry. They had already dealt with a troll, so the Devil's snare must have been for Neville if he came and Fluffy was for their friendship with Hagrid who could not keep a secret even if his life depended on it. Then there was the Headmaster who had already shown Harry his mirror. So the whole thing had been set up as a trial for them, or more importantly for Harry. So this was some silly idiotic dangerous test that had attracted the attention of a dark lord to Hogwarts and put the whole student body in danger.Therefore the Headmaster had not flown to London; he just wanted to make Professor Snape and Harry think that he had, so they would go after the stone this very night.Hermione fumed. That meant that the Headmaster was in the castle, ready to save the day at the last possible moment. He was most likely heading this way with all the other professors, and would be here very soon. The thought that the Headmaster had set up a confrontation between Harry and professor Snape angered her, as the professor had been very nasty to Harry all year. She looked around the chess board to see all the smashed pieces of the broken players but Ronald was not lying where they had left him not ten minutes before.Then she heard a terrible snore and feared that the troll in the next chamber had woken up, but awful sound was coming from just to her left. Slowly she walked over as another terrible snore rang out. She could see it was a body with red hair curled up on a bed made of pillows. Her anger flared as she stamped her foot. The uninjured Ronald was safe and sound asleep while his best friend was facing certain death. A death that Ronald had so eloquently put, that only Harry could face before he finally and very uncharacteristically sacrificed himself by abandoning his horse, to allow Harry to win that horrible stupid chess match.Why only Harry? Hermione wondered, Ronald had said not her nor himself, only Harry. Did Ronald know something he was not telling them? And when did Ronald Bilius Weasley become so eloquent?Another terrible snore vibrated around the chamber. Harry had told her that Ronald's snoring was bad but that was unbelievable. She now understood why Harry and the other boys always looked so fatigue as they never got any good sleep. At least it showed that Ronald was fine but more importantly it showed that Hermione knew that there was another place she really needed to be with a true friend that needed her so much more.Hermione turned and ran as fast as she could into the next chamber, the disgusting smell of the large troll, still out cold with a bleeding lump on its head, didn't stop her as she leaped over it, as love had given her wings. Nothing was going to get in her way nor stop her from saving her Harry.Hermione stepped over the threshold of the room for the Potion challenge, and immediately a purple fire sprang up behind her in the doorway with the same black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward. She picked up the parchment to check it was to same riddle with the same answer as she did not trust professor Snape to not do something evil and change the clues and bottles around. But it was the same riddle so she reached for the smallest bottle to drink from but it had not finished refilling. She waited a moment. Then waited a moment more but the bottle was taking way too long to refill. She stamped her foot in anger and frustration."Damned stupid professors with their damned stupid protections for this damned stupid Philosopher's Stone Quest." Hermione cursed as threw the tiny bottle into the black flames and it was incinerated with a poof."DAMN!"She took out her wand and pointed at the black flames as she screamed with everything she had."FINITE INCANTATEM!"The black flames blew out as she charged forward down the corridor and into the last chamber.-Harry Potter and bravery and  oh Harry be careful!-Thank you for reading.
