Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, or anything associated with it."Dad" a voice called from just outside the bedroom. Draco Malfoy turned around and looked at the boy standing in the doorway.He was a spitting image of his father, with bright blonde hair, and he had the same chiseled features. The only thing he inherited from his mum was her honey brown eyes."What do you need, Julian" Draco asked."Alexandra won't listen to me" Julian pouted, "I've told her about a dozen times to get her things ready to go to Mum's."Draco sighed and told Julian to go busy himself, as he would take care of Alex. He made his way down the hall and paused at her door. He looked in, and he could see her pouting in the corner."Angel" Draco began. The little girl looked up and immediately smiled. "Daddy" she squealed, her brown curls bouncing as she ran towards Draco. He swooped down and picked her up, looking into her steely grey eyes.Alexandra was the complete opposite of Julian. She looked exactly like her mother, but had her father's eyes."Baby, you need to pack now so you can go to Mum's" Draco said softly. She looked sad and said "Why can't I stay here with you?"Draco smirked. Alex was always a daddy's girl, and he was quite grateful for that."It's your mum's turn to see you, but I'll come visit you everyday" he said. He could see that she was about to argue, and she wouldn't be his daughter if she didn't. He stopped her, though, and said in a soft, but stern voice, "Go pack up your bag, angel."He set her down and went back into his room.He was 34 years old. He had two kids, a 16 year old and a 7 year old. If someone would have told him that by the age of 34 he'd have 2 children, and not have ever married, he'd have laughed in their face.Yes, he had 2 children. Yes, they were with the same woman. But he despised her. He hated her, and she hated him."Dad, we're ready" Julian said from the doorway, and he was startled out of his thoughts. The three of them walked out into the living room, and Draco picked Alex up. Julian held onto his arm and he apparated over to Hermione Granger's.They stepped out into her living room, and she wasn't anywhere to be found. Draco decided to go look for her. He stepped into her bedroom and looked around.The bathroom door was closed, so he supposed she could be in there. He turned to leave when the bathroom door sprung open.Standing in the doorway with complete shock written on her face was a very wet, very naked Hermione Granger. She seemed to remember where she was and what was happening, and she screamed, "You ferret! Get out!"As she was screaming she lunged for the sheet on her bed and covered herself.Draco merely smirked at her. "Ah, Granger, no need to cover up, it's nothing I haven't seen before." She let out a frustrated growl and threw a pillow at him."GET OUT!" She screamed.Laughing, he walked out into the living room. Julian was sitting on the couch with muggle device, doing something called 'texting' and Alex was sitting on the ground coloring."Granger should be out soon" he said. As if on cue, she walked out in a white tee shirt and yoga pants."MUMMY!" Alex shrieked as she got up to hug Hermione. She kissed her forehead and straightened herself out. She glared at Draco before turning her attention towards Julian."How's my little boy" she said as he got up to hug her."Mum" he mumbled, as his cheeks turned scarlet."He's hardly little anymore" Draco snorted. She threw him a disgusted look before he said "Well, seems like I'll be going, then."After a brief goodbye with Julian and Alex, and a look at Hermione's bum, he apparated out.He was exhausted. He went into his room, stripped down, and hopped in the shower. He started to think about Hermione, her perfect breasts, with water droplets streaming into the valley between them.Thinking about it made Draco Jr. wake up. He took his manhood in his hands and started to stroke himself, thinking about Hermione writhing beneath him in pleasure. It didn't take much for him to explode.After finishing his shower, he put on a pair of black silk pajama pants, and went to bed.So what do you guys think? I know it's short, but I promise the other chapters will get longer. And we'll find out what happened between Draco and Hermione next chapter!
