Addicted To Love Keeperoliver Chapter OneA/N: Hello everyone. Just in case you missed my last one, this is a continuation of my one and done story called (Blue Moon). It is a Harry and Luna story, but for Luna it is much more. She has a disease that is out of control. It is the reason she left Harry when Hermione confronted him about her. She thought Hermione was going to tell him of it, but she didn't. She just told Harry she wasn't the right one for him as she would leave him if things went wrong. Hermione is the only one who knows of her affliction. Of course she only guesses at what it is, but knowing Hermione, she is most likely correct.Even Ginny, who is Luna's best and closest friend doesn't know she has a problem. I didn't point to that in the opening story because it was just to set up this one.The next portion of this needs to be heeded prior to reading this story. It will contain sexual situations that will be quite descriptive. It will contain lesbian relations and heterosexual situations of many individuals. Some will be descriptive, but most will not. If during the story you wish to hear a certain interlude just mention it in a review or PM me. I will do some of them, but to keep this from being entirely a smut story, I have to maintain a a storyline and that will take up quite a bit of the content.If this is not what you are looking for, then please don't read it, or let underage children read this either. It will be an adult story and should not be allowed to children under the age 18.I hope to hear from some new readers and some longtime followers with this. As always, Ollie the Keeper.ATL-}Harry caught Ginny before she fell to the floor and put her on a reclining chair for support. He then tried to revive her and she soon responded to his calls. "Are you alright Gin?""Harry, it really is Luna. I can't believe we found her this easily.""Ginny, sometimes things happen when you least expect it. I'm just glad it was us that found her. Did you see her face? She had her eyes open, but didn't see us. It's like she is looking beyond where she is.""I'm sorry Harry, but all I saw was Luna and that was it for me. And what do you mean it was like she was looking beyond where she is?""You know how she got that far away look when you talked to her? Well it was like she was looking even further. It was like she saw something on a different plane of existence. It's hard to explain exactly what it looked like. Come here and take a look."Harry grabbed Ginny's hand and pulled her of the recliner and took her back to Luna. Ginny saw what Harry was trying to explain and agreed to what he was saying though she couldn't describe it either. It was like she was looking for someone or something that was near, but far from what her or Harry could see, if they could ever see it."Harry, I have never seen Luna like this before. Sure, she gets that dreamy look when she thinks she sees nargles or wrackspurts, but this is farther away than that.""I know Ginny. I wonder if she is being held in her mind by someone, sort of like a mind control?""With it being Luna, then I would say if she was, then she is a prisoner of her own mind control. Maybe she did it to protect someone or herself.""Do you think we may be able to pull her out of it?""If you want the truth Harry, then if we can, it will be you and not me. You got closer to Luna than anyone ever has, including her own farther. Since her mother died she would go into these episodes, but they never lasted too long. This one has lasted almost two years and it will be hard to bring her back. It's almost like she doesn't wish to come back.""Do you think it was what Hermione said and that she heard this that caused this?""She didn't say anything that should have caused Luna to do this to herself. UNLESS! Maybe Hermione knew something that she didn't tell us and Luna thought she was going to say."Harry keyed on this, "You know, I'll bet that is it. Hermione was very strong against my continuing on with Luna but never said why she felt this way. What do you think it could be?""You're asking me? Hell, you've been closer to her than I have? Did you ever notice anything strange about her?""Not really, except for the times I couldn't find her for a couple of hours, but she always came back in good spirits so I never said anything or asked her about these disappearances. She did do them about three or four times a week.""And you never asked her about them? Harry, that is strange even for Luna to do something like that. You know, now that you mention it, she has done it to me as well. As far back as before we started school.. We were playing, when all of a sudden she said she had to go, but she would be back. She left our grounds and I didn't see her again for about four hours. That was the longest she ever took though. Usually it was like you said, about two hours.""Well, we could talk until we were purple in the face and we still wouldn't know where she went or what she did. I think it is time we try to get her back to us. I have missed her far too long and knowing she is right here, but just as far away, hurts."Ginny went to the other side of the bed and her and Harry began their attempts. What ever it was that was wrong with her was very strong. Nothing they did got through to her. Finally Harry had enough and pulled Luna up to him and gave her a kiss full on the lips. He held it for a couple of minutes and then released her. Still nothing, but Harry felt better. Enough that he wanted to do it again. He pulled her back into his chest and kissed her once more, but this time more forcefully and with something he never felt before, lust.It was this last kiss that got Luna's attention. She began to respond to the kiss with one of her own. She drover her tongue into his mouth and twisted it around to cover his entire inner lining. She then pulled hers out and sucked on his mouth to get him to do the same to her with his tongue. Harry responded to this by using his tongue to make love to hers. He then felt her arms go around him and pull him in closer to her so that he felt her breasts mash against his chest. Harry had to stop it there before things got embarrassing sitting there in front of Ginny. He broke off the kiss and pulled away from her slightly. "Luna, can you hear me now."Ginny saw the entire episode and couldn't believe it. It was like Luna was ready to finish the act with Harry without even knowing who he was. When she saw Harry break it up, she was torn by wishing they continued and glad they stopped. "Harry, what just happened?""I don't know Ginny. It was like Luna took over our kiss and was showing me what she wanted to happen next. Luna, it's me, Harry. Ginny is here with me. Please wake up Luna. We both miss you very much, and want you back."The distant look in her eyes began to lessen and was replaced with a normal look for her. Then she blinked and began to look around at who was talking. She tried to focus on Ginny first as she saw her sitting there. "Ginny, is that really you?"Ginny smiled back, "It's me Luna. It's so good to have you back. And look who is here with me. It's Harry, Luna."Luna turned to her other side and saw Harry sitting there. What she did was the strangest thing. After what they just shared, she pulled back from him and even tried to get away from him.Harry questioned her about this, "Luna, what is the matter? It's me, Harry. Don't you remember me?""Of course I do. It's just why are you here after the way Hermione expressed herself to you about me?""Since when have I ever listened to Hermione about things I feel so strongly about? I loved you Luna and nothing she could have said would have changed that.""Nothing? You called that nothing.""Of course I call it nothing. When I asked he to give me one good reason why, she just said you wouldn't stay with me for long. She didn't bother to explain what she meant. I didn't think it would happen so soon though. You were gone before you would have heard Ginny go off on the two. Why did you leave like that without telling me where you were going?"Luna dropped down onto her pillow. "I didn't know where I was going Harry. Father was in Azkaban and our home was destroyed. I just knew I had to get away before Hermione told you.""Told me what Luna? Like I said, there was nothing she could have told me that would have changed my mind.""Believe me, this would have done it. Are you sure she never said anything against me that would have driven you away?""I'm here aren't I? Ginny doesn't know what it is. What is it that is so bad I would have asked you to leave?""I have a sickness Harry. It started after my mother died. It started out with me being lonely, looking for companionship. I started to spend more time with Ginny. You remember that don't you Ginny?""Ya. I remember how I had to comfort you when ever you came over. You would cry for hours on end. But that is not a sickness Luna. That is feeling lost.""At that time it was, but for me, it was not enough. OH, I appreciated what you did for me and I'm just sorry I never thanked you for it properly.""What are you talking about, you always thanked me for being there when you needed me?""Yes, I did thank you, but not properly, like I said. Look, I think we need to leave here before I explain what I mean. Too many ears to hear what I have to say to you."Harry got back into the conversation, "Then I think we need to start the paper work to get you out of here. I'll go get a doctor to examine you." and he left to go find someone to begin the process.Ginny stayed back to get Luna caught upon what she missed during her absence. It took several hours, but Harry and Ginny finally got to take Luna home with them. It was the first time for either girl seeing Harry's new home, and were amazed at how much he got done and the size of the home. They landed in what Harry called his mud room. It was sheltered room with a hole in the middle of the room and the floors were angled down towards the middle. This allowed him to clean off his boots when he worked in the garden and the mud would go down the covered whole. From there he took them into the kitchen which was about seven by seven meters. Not a big kitchen but for him it was enough. They sat there and Harry made them some tea to drink while they talked."OK let me start out by saying this. Harry, why did Tonks hate her first name?""What has this got to do with anything? I don't know. Maybe she didn't like the sound of it.""You're right, she didn't. It sounded too much like what I have. I am what you call a nymphomaniac. It's a person who can't get enough sex. Have you ever heard of it before?"Neither Harry or Ginny had ever heard of it."Well, it would have been strange if you had. I don't think it is very common with the magical community. It started while Ginny was comforting me. I felt like what she provided was just a tip of I needed for my loss. I looked for comfort from others, and it all started with your brother Fred, Ginny. I went to him by pretending to need to use the Loo. I found him in his room by himself. He was shocked by me being there at first, but it didn't take long for him to see what I was looking for. It was short, but it was just the first time for either of us as he was just thirteen and I was nine. The next time was longer and better.""You had sex with Fred more than once? No wonder he was always asking when you were coming over. But why?""I don't know exactly. I just needed more than just comforting. I did it four times with Fred, once with both the twins and twice with George before we started school. I can't count how many times we did it while I was in school."Harry sat that there is shock at what he was hearing. Luna had sex with the twins many times and no one ever knew except the twins and her. How could they hide something like this, especially in the Weasley home."But Harry, you haven't heard it all yet. It was more than just the twins. Much more."Harry was still in shock about the twins when she gave him that last bit of information, "How much is much more?""Do you think I could have you listen to a song before I continue. It will tell you quite a story about my life for the past seven years.""Is it important for me to hear?""No, not really, but it will give me time to remember all the names."Harry's head dropped to his chest. The girl he loved is telling him she she slept with many male members over her school years. "Take your time Luna, but let's do it with out the musical background.""OK but it is so much easier for me with the music. The people involved are your friends, enemies and family.""Wait a minute, the only family I have are the Dursleys. Don't tell me you slept with Dudley?""Who's Dudley? No, I slept with Sirius.""You had sex with my godfather?"Ginny was sitting back enjoying the conversation immensely. Luna had poor Harry reeling. She wanted to laugh out loud, but was afraid of what it might do to Harry. She thought it was only fair that Luna sleep with Harry's family since she slept with hers. Then she thought, when did she have the time to sleep with Sirius. It must have been their fourth year when she visited Ginny in Black Manor."Yes I had sex with him. During the summer between my third and fourth year. Neither you nor Hermione had arrived yet and Ginny asked me to stay with her for a few nights. Well, one night I couldn't sleep so I crept downstairs for a glass of warm milk. When I walked by the library I heard someone talking in the room so I walked in to see who it was. Sirius was sitting in a chair with a book on his lap reading out loud from it's pages. He didn't hear me enter the room so when I tapped him on the shoulder he nearly passed out."Luna took a sip of her tea, but it was cool so she heated it up magically. She took a deep breath and continued, "He dropped his book when I startled him and he left it there when he saw the look in my eyes. He asked if I was alright and I answered him with a smile and a wink. That was all it took before our clothes were ripped off and we were going at it. Of course he closed and locked the door and set up silencing spells before starting. Sirius may have been a boy in many ways Harry, but love making was not one of them. We went at it for two hours. I wished I was able to have a repeat performance with him, but it never took place, unfortunately."Harry was still unable to believe Luna had sex with his godfather. He had no comment to what she said.But Ginny did, "I can't believe I have known you all these years and I really didn't know you at all. You said you were with Harry's friends as well as his enemies. Can you please put a name on them."Luna looked at Harry and sighed once again, "OK, there was Cedric, Anthony Goldstein, Micheal Corner, Dean, Seamus, Neville, Lee Jordan, Draco Malfoy, Blaise Zabini and more.""YOU HAD SEX WITH MALFOY AND ZABINI?""Yes and more from Slytherin.""No, not Crabbe and Goyle too?""You're right Harry, not Crabbe and Goyle. It was Greengrass and Davies."Ginny was surprised at this answer. "You had sex with two girls?""No.""But you just said you had sex with Daphne and Tracey.""And I did. But that wasn't the end of the females. There was Cho, Su Li, Susan Bones, Hannah Abbott, the Patil twins, Lavender, Tonks and one other.""Tonks Too?" Harry was astounded."And one other Harry. One that is why I ran that day Hermione tried to get you to leave me.""Who was it that caused it, and how did Hermione know you did it?""Because Harry, it was Hermione herself."Now both Harry and Ginny were struck dumb. Neither one of them were able to say anything.This felt like the right moment for Luna to play that song she told Harry about. She went to a tape player on his mantle and opened it and slipped a tape in and started it up.Addicted To Love (Robert Palmer)Your lights are on, but your not homeYour mind is not your ownYour heart sweats, your body shakesAnother kiss is what it takesYou can't sleep, you can't eatThere's no doubt, your in too deepYour throat is tight, you can't breatheAnother kiss is all you needWhoa, you like to think yourimmune to this stuff, oh yeahIt's closer to the truthto say you can't get enoughYou know you have to faceit you're addicted to love.You see the sings, but you can't readYou're runnin at, a different speedYour heart beats, in double timeAnother kiss and you'll be mineA one track mindYou can't be savedOblivion is all you craveIf there is some left for youYou don't mind if you do.Whoa, you like to think you're immuneTo the stuff, oh yeahIt's closer to the truthTo say you can't get enoughYou're going to have to face it,You're addicted to love.Might as well face it you're addicted to love.Your lights are on, but you're not homeYour will is not your ownYour heart sweats and teeth grindAnother kiss and you'll be mineWhoa, you like to thinkYou're immune to the stuff, oh yeahIt's closer to sayYou can't get enoughYou're going to have to face it,You're addicted to love.Might as well face itYour addicted to loveWhen the song ended, Luna looked to the two friends and saw that the look on their faces had not changed. If anything, they looked even more bewildered. The song told them what Luna was experiencing. What she must be going through.Ginny was the first once again to get control of herself. She went to Luna and pulled her into a hug and felt Luna crying on her shoulder. Ginny felt her own tears begin to flow. Then she felt Harry join the hug as he threw his arms around the two girls and pulled their heads to his chest.Harry then said, "Why don't we try to get some sleep and continue this in the morning."The girls agreed and followed Harry upstairs to their rooms. Harry kissed each one on the cheek and went to his room. Ginny turned for her room when Luna stopped her, "Ginny will you sleep with me tonight?" Ginny didn't think there would be much sleeping, but agreed to Luna's request.Ginny walked to the bed where she took off her shoes and socks. She took a deep breath and pulled her blouse over her head and placed it om the night stand next to the bed. She turned around to see what Luna was doing and saw her collapsed on the bed asleep. She laughed at herself for thinking what she did as she took off her slacks and crawled into bed. Soon she was asleep as well.Two hours later she was awakened when she felt Luna's hand on her right breast, squeezing it softly. She still pretended to sleep as Luna continued to gently squeeze her breast. Then her hand moved up enough to allow her hand to slip beneath the bra and fondle her breast on her bare skin. Ginny felt the hand cup the breast and pinch the nipple between Luna's fingers. Ginny began to feel aroused by the action. She couldn't help the feeling spreading through her body by the soft feel of Luna's fingers working on her breast. She let out a low moan and it was loud enough for Luna to hear. It inspired her to work harder on Ginny's breasts and used her free hand to undo the clasp in the back and free the breasts from the restrictive garment. Ginny felt the cool air hit her nipples, causing them to harden."Luna, please, I'm not like that.""I know that Ginny, but we all stray at one time or another. Just relax and let me thank you properly like I said. I owe it to you.""Luna, you owe me nothing. What did was out of friendship. I don't expect anything for it. Ummmmm that does feel nice though.""It will get better Ginny. Please turn on your side facing me so that I can see what I am creating. Oh yes, they are marvelous. My I kiss them Ginny?"Ginny was never so nervous in her life. She didn't want to go through with this, but it felt so damn good. She nodded her head and felt Luna's lips take one of her nipples and suck on it gently. It was too late. Ginny was lost in the hands of her beautiful friend. She gave in to her feelings and needs.Luna knew what just happened and proceeded to go the rest of the way. Her lips left Ginny's breasts and traveled down to her stomach. She licked her belly button and then went to the band of her knickers. She pulled it down and followed the path with more kisses.Out of instinct, Ginny raised her hips and Luna removed the knickers and covered Ginny's pussy with her mouth. Her tongue began a path of it's own between her nether lips causing Ginny to shudder with expectation. It turned in to convulsions when Luna took her clit in her mouth and sucked on it like she did her nipples. In a matter of minutes Ginny was in the middle of a tremendous orgasm. It shook the very center of her soul. It brought her to heights she never reached on her own. It wasn't over as Luna continued to suck on her clit and was now fingering Ginny's pussy and her brown hole.By the time the night was over, Ginny had five orgasms and three aftershocks. The two hours sleep at the start was all she got. She decided when she got up, she was going to leave and go back to Hollyhead for training. At least there she would get some sleep. However she would never forget this night she spent with her best friend. She also felt that it would not be the last time she would join Luna in bed.The next morning, when she told Luna and Harry her plans, they were disappointed, but understood why she was doing it. They watched as Ginny went to the mud room and aparated to Hollyhead. It left Harry and Luna alone and wondering what was going to happen next.It was decided that Harry would take Luna out for breakfast and introduce her to the people he knew.Luna was about to enter Harry's new life.
