Disclaimer: If I was J.K. Rowling I would have my own fanficion website. I am borrowing her characters. All the things that are not from the book are mine.Pairings: DM/OC(HoP) HP/? OC(JB)/? RW/?Rating: K+ I'm not a smutty writer but there is some romance and dirty humour ;)A/N: Hi there. This is my first fanfic and I'm writing it on my kindle. So sorry about spelling and grammar :S. Also, sorry if I repeat words like replied, exclaimed, but, also(see I said it twice in this sentence), stuff like that. I'm just a teenage girl who can do math but sucks at all things English :D ~GemUPDATE: With loads of help by: YukiKyo, I added more story and fixed errors :).Chapter 1Hope's POVI dragged my luggage and my newly bought pet barn owl, Erwin. I had gotten him yesterday at Eeylops Owl Emporium. He was orange with a white face and ruffled feathers. He was small, just a foot tall, but had a wingspan of about twice his height. My twin brother's owl Hedwig was right next to Erwin. The two owls, unlike their owners, despised each other. At the moment Erwin was trying to snip Hedwig's wing with his beak.''Knock it off you two,'' exclaimed Harry.Harry and I are very much alike. Other than the fact that I am a girl and Harry is a boy, we're very similar. We both have messy black hair but mine ends at my shoulders. We both have the same facial features, although I have hazel eyes while Harry's are bright green. Harry also wears glasses, but my vision is perfect. We both aren't really athletic with our small frames and nonexistent muscles. We never had the chance to run at the Dursley's, so neither of us were in shape. I spent my free time drawing while Harry liked to read and write.We both have very different personalities, while Harry likes to be quiet and mysterious, I like to talk a lot and be outgoing. I also am what you would call, mischievous, but I call it being sly. Unlike me, Harry is brave and tries stand up for others. I'm not saying I wouldn't stand up for others but I'm just cowardly I admit that I get worried and nervous real easily, mostly because of how me and Harry grew up I suppose.The Dursley's never thought of Harry and I as family. They thought of us as their maids. We cleaned the house, washed clothes and dishes, dusted, and all of that great stuff. We learned the hard way what would happen when we refuse. One punishment, we had to sleep in the shed outside for a week. In January. Harry almost got frostbite and I couldn't sleep a wink. Sometimes Dudley tricked his parents into believing that we had done something wrong when we hadn't done anything at all. When Aunt Petunia enrolled us in 3rd grade at the same school as Dudley, he told his Mom that we were "unfit to go to school" and that we got in fights with other kids. I never knew you could be unenrolled from 3rd grade after one week of school. After that we never went to school. We learned from books that we picked up after Dudley.Our main use for Dudley, was as a punching bag. Whenever Dudley felt like punching, he didn't use his punching bags (he had four), He used Harry and I, mostly Harry though, because Dudley said couldn't punch a girl. But it didn't stop him. He once punched me straight in the face and broke my nose. He kicked Harry in the balls once too. After a while I started fighting back, I got pretty good. I once left him with a broken arm. Harry was better with defensive moves. But now that we were away from the Dursley's I was nervous and worried. I was worried because we had never really done magic before, other than Harry's whole snake incident and some unexplainable mishaps, and I was nervous that we would mess up and be sent back to the Dursleys.''So Harry, Are you nervous?'' I asked.''What's to be nervous about?'' He replied. He seemed nervous to me, I could feel it. It was one of those twin instinct things. Maybe he was hiding it.''Oh I dunno Maybe the fact that we are going to a WIZARD SCHOOL. For WIZARDS! Aren't you the least bit worried?'' I exclaimed. The whole idea kinda stressed me. What if I wasn't good at magic? Some of these kids probably learned some from their parents. Harry had to be the least bit nervous.''Not really,'' He calmly said ,''Just a bit overwhelmed,''''Aren't you just worried that nobody will know you-,'' I stopped, remembering that everyone, and I mean EVERYONE will know who Harry is. He remembered as well and looked away from my gaze.About a 2 days ago, Hagrid came to the place the Dursley's took us into hiding and told us about the night our parents died and the wizarding world."Your parents were killed by a dark wizard, he-who-must-not-be-named." Hagrid started, "You were both 'bout one years old. You know who crept into the house and made an father, James Potter, told your mother to take you two and hide. He then tried to hold up the dark wizard, but was then killed. He then went over to your mother, brilliant witch she was, you know you have her eyes Harry, But you Hope, you have your father's eyes. She took you two to the other room and hid you, Hope. She put you in a cabinet that couldn't hold both of you guys. She took Harry to another room to hide him, but was killed by you know who. He then tried to kill you Harry, but somehow backfired and killed Him and left you with your scar."We were both speechless. We had been told by our aunt and uncle that our parents had been killed in a car crash. That night neither of us slept a wink. The day after that he took us to Diagon Alley to get our school supplies and a pet. After we had gotten our owls, we got our wands. Mine is 12 inches, made of Holly, and has a dragon heartstring core. Harry's is 11 inches, also made of Holly, and has a phoenix feather core. While Harry and Hagrid went to look at brooms, I went to Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions.There was a boy about my age, maybe older who was being fitted. He had platinum blonde hair and a smug look on his face. He was sorta cute, but looked stuck up. He was being fitted into Hogwarts robes I saw."Hogwarts?" He asked."Yea, first year," I replied."Mine too. I better be in Slytherin, everyone in my family has been in Slytherin. How about you?""I'm really not sure. I didn't even know about the wizarding world until yesterday.""Are you a muggle? I would never talk to a muggle,""A muggle? I don't know what that is either," I replied. I started to get pissed."A muggle is a person that lacks the knowledge of magic. Hogwarts has been allowing those filthy mudbloods into the wizarding world, when it should be just purebloods.""My parents were wizards , but I've lived with 'muggles' my whole life. If you excuse me, I should get out of your presence," I turned towards the door."Oy! Wait, what's your name?,""Hope. Hope Lily Potter." I replied leaving him a shocked look on his face. I walked out of the store. I could hear him mumble what I think is his name."I'm Dra-"I slammed the door before he could finish. After that, Hagrid told us about some of the professors at Hogwarts."Professor Dumbledore, He's the headmaster, and a brilliant wizard. Mcgonagall, oh don't get on her bad side. And theirs Snape, Sneaky fellow with no sense of humor or feelings." Hagrid stated,"He also needs to wash his hair," We all laughed and continued shopping.''I really don't want to talk about it,'' replied Harry, breaking me out of my thoughts, ''Anyway let's go to... Platform 9 and three-quarters,''We soon found out, that there was no platform 9 and three-quarters. Just Platform 9 and then 10. I looked around for the boy I met yesterday at Diagon Alley. What was his name... Dragon or some sort. I'm really bad at remembering names. Harry spots a family of redheads who have an owl so we go over to ask them.The group was made of about 7 people who seemed to all be related. Two females and five males. The oldest male, their dad I presume, took one look at Harry and was speechless.''Harry Potter?'' He gasped, as if he'd never think a boy like Harry would be at a train station. I rolled my eyes, realizing that he hasn't even looked my way.''Yes sir,'' Harry replied. He was always a gentleman, even to strangers. The man was starstruck then finally realised that I was right next to him ,''And you are?""Hope Potter, Harry's twin sister," I tried not to sound upset. I am not completely happy over this whole chosen one thing. I always tried to get attention from people, from our lack of attention from our aunt and uncle.He mumbled something that was inaudible but I could make out some words '...chosen one... twin sister... never knew...' The older female finally spoke, "First year at Hogwarts?" We nodded," It's Ronald's first as well," pointing to the youngest boy whose ears were turning red."I'm Molly Weasley, this is my husband Arthur, this is Percy who is a 5th year and also a prefect! These two are Fred and George-" she was interrupted by one of the twins who said, "I'm George Ma! not Fred,""Very well then, This one is George and this one is Fred." she replied."We're joking Ma," replied the other twin,"I'm George and that's Fred, you were right the first time," Mrs. Weasley mumbled something under her breath and continued, "These are the twins who are 3rd years, and Ron who is in your year, and this is Ginevra who will be joining you all next year." she finished with a sigh. I noted the fact that Ginvera couldn't stop gawking at my brother. I will have to figure that out later."Ma! Don't use my full name! I'm Ginny," she softly stated."Do you guys know where platform 9 and three-quarters is?" Harry asked."Yes it's right here, follow Ron," Mrs. Weasley then walked with her husband, Percy, and the Weasley twins over to a brick wall. To my surprise they started running towards it. I cringed and looked away, ready to hear a crash, which never came. They had teleported or disappeared somehow. I knew wizards equal magic, but being able to teleport through a wall? In the middle a crowded train station? In front of muggles?"Our turn I guess," spoke Ron for the first time. He and Ginny started running towards the wall. I looked at Harry who just shrugged then we both took off, pulling our owls and trunk. I braced myself for the wall thinking this might not work, but we just went through the wall as if it wasn't there.Platform 9 and three-quarters was a simple platform filled with all sorts of who were with their kids. On the rail was a beautiful train calls the Hogwarts Express. Mr & Mrs. Weasley and Ginny said their goodbyes to me and my brother and then the Weasley boys. They left and we got on the train. After getting situated, Percy had to go to a prefect meeting and the Twins left to their older friends which left Me, Harry, and Ron. Oh and Scabbers the rat who I did not enjoy meeting. Our compartment opened up and there stood the boy from Diagon Alley with two boys who seemed to be his bodyguards."Hope. Harry. Weasel" He greeted coldly on the last one, " I thought you had better taste Hope.""What's that supposed to mean?" I exclaimed. Better taste in what? Compartments?"Hope, do you know him?" Asked Harry."I met him yesterday at Diagon alley. And what do you mean 'better taste'?""In friends. Why, you and your brother should be over in compartment 3 with the pure bloods are, not this, blood traitor." he finished, with a sneer directed towards Ron, whose ears were bright red."Don't call me that Malfoy. I'm twice the man you'd ever be," shouted Ron, whose face was turning almost as red as his hair."Thanks for the offer, but I can tell who are the right people to be friends with," said Harry, trying break up the fight before it began."Hope? Maybe you have more pride than your Potty brother and his Weasel friend. And it's Malfoy. Draco Malfoy to you peasant" he spat the last part to Ron. That was it. He had struck my last nerve."Listen here Draco. Don't you dare talk to me or my brother and my friends that way," I pointed my newly bought wand at his throat,"Now move your sorry arse out of here before I kick it!" I exclaimed. I watched his face get even paler than before. His gray eyes showed... disappointment?"You'll be back," He exclaimed before, turning around and walking back to his compartment along with his brainless goons."He's a git." said Ron,"He and his family. We knew each other from quidditch lessons. Always thinking that he's king and ruler just 'cause his family are wealthy purebloods,""No arguing there." Harry replied. The boys continued the train ride talking about Quidditch while I couldn't help but think about Draco. He was very... mysterious, but he was also very bossy, and mean, it's as if he thinks he is the ruler of the world. I probably would've liked him, if it wasn't for the fact that he hates my guts right now. A bushy haired girl came and asked if we had seen another first year's toad. I helped look and met a girl named Jewel Birch. We talked about life and school the rest of the ride until we got to Hogwarts.The school itself was beautiful. A huge castle like building with a forest in the background and a lake. I saw Hagrid who was helping the first year's. Jewel and I and walked to my brother and Ron."You ready?" asked Harry."Yea" I forgot all about Draco and being nervous. I walked to the castle, excited about my new life and home.End of Chapter 1
