Author's Note: Welcome! This story begins at the end of the Golden Trio's sixth year. I will currently have this story rated at T, but it might move up to M as the story progresses. Your feedback is always appreciated! Disclaimer: The Harry Potter world and characters all belong to J.K. RowlingChapter One  Propositions Albus Dumbledore sat behind his desk, merrily sucking on a lemon drop. The bright spring sunlight that streamed through the windows illuminated the golden office and gave the room a bright feeling, despite the dark times the world was in. He reached to the edge of his desk and began to stroke a sleeping Fawkes's feathers, desperately trying to remember a time when the world was more than a chessboard, when his mind was not filled with countless strategies. A green flash of light erupted from the fireplace and interrupted Dumbledore's thoughts.The man who stepped out was tall and dark. His thin frame was hidden beneath numerous black robes, and his hair fell in dark curtains over his face. A slim, pale hand pushed his hair aside, revealing sharp features and eyes as dark as his clothing."You summoned me, Headmaster?""Yes, Severus, yes. Please, do have a seat. Could I tempt you with some tea? A lemon drop, perhaps?"Severus Snape said nothing as he dropped into the chair opposite the Headmaster, scowling slightly."No? Alright then, straight to business!" Dumbledore said jovially, rubbing his hands together. He leaned back slightly in the chair. "What are your plans for the summer holiday, Severus?"Snape rolled his eyes and crossed his legs."I thought we were going to speak of business, Albus, not my personal life.""Oh, my dear boy, this is business! Humor an old man."Snape sighed quietly and intertwined his fingers in his lap."Spinner's End, most likely. St. Mungo's has owled me, asking for my services in their potions department, but I have no doubt that the Dark Lord will be summoning me more often once Hogwarts is out of session."Dumbledore hummed to himself and smiled, steepling his fingers in front of his face."And tell me, Severus, are you looking forward to going back to Spinner's End?""Do you have an alternative?" Snape snarled, uncrossing his legs and leaning forward. The twinkle in Dumbledore's eyes was infuriating, and usually meant that he had thought of a new torture for Snape to endure."As a matter of fact, I do! How would you feel about spending the holiday in Grimmauld Place?""No.""Severus, think of the-""No.""Severus, you're being unreasonable.""Unreasonable? Unreasonable?! What in Merlin's name did you think I would say? 'Yes, Albus, I'd love to spend the summer months in a dark and dusty excuse for a house that's filled with the people who despise me.' You must be joking."And just like that, the sparkle in Dumbledore's eyes vanished, leaving them icy and cold."I'm afraid I must insist, Severus. And you shall listen to my reasons. If you're to survive the summer, you'll need to provide Tom with more information than normal. It is imperative that he believes you're spending all your time spying on me. What better place to spy on me than at the Order's Headquarters? At least if you're there, I can feed you false information, and you can spend your time doing more important things. I believe you have a number of personal projects you've been meaning to work on. I'm prepared to create a full potions lab in Grimmauld Place if you decide to stay."Snape stood up quickly, the chair he was sitting in scraping across the floor as he rose. He clasped his hands behind his back and paced back and forth, deep in thought. The old man had a point, it was the perfect cover. The Dark Lord would believe that he had gained Dumbledore's total trust, and he would have a private lab, which was a far cry better than what he had at Spinner's End. But the people! The horrid, horrid people who would be staying there as well. Although, if he had the lab, he supposed he could spend most of his time there and only join the others for meal timesand it was hard to say no to Molly Weasley's cooking. He buried his head in his hands and let his shoulders slump."I don't really have a choice, do I?" He murmured."My boy, there is always a choice. But I would hope you can see that this choice is, in fact, the most logical.""Fine!" Snape snapped. "Fine. I'll stay at Grimmauld Place. But I want an exact replica of my private lab that I have here. And I want the freedom to put my own wards on it."Dumbledore clapped his hands and smiled, the twinkle returning to his eyes."Lovely! I'll prepare it right away. You're making the right decision, Severus.""I certainly hope so," he muttered under his breath, stalking to the fireplace and grabbing a handful of floo powder. "The Dungeons!"There was a flash of green, and Severus Snape was gone. Fawkes screeched and ruffled his feathers, upset about being woken from his nap. He stretched his wings as if he was yawning and shuffled across the desk, expecting his afternoon treat. Dumbledore obliged and stroked the crimson feathers lovingly, humming to himself softly. Oh yes, he thought, this will prove to be quite an interesting summer.Hermione Granger gently placed her last folded jumper into her case before tapping it with her wand, magically closing and locking the large chest. She ran her fingers through her curly hair and took a deep breath, observing the empty room around her. By now, all of her roommates were gone and she was the last girl in Gryffindor tower. Hermione reached out and lovingly stroked the crimson curtains of her bed, smiling gently. She knew very well that this might be the last time she was ever in this room, and the thought saddened her. This summer was sure to be a defining one, and there was a strong chance that a return to Hogwarts for her seventh year would be too dangerous. The scholar in her panicked at the thought, the mere idea that she might get behind in her studies, but the rational part of her realized that her life was more important than a few assignments. No, she would be well prepared. With special permission from Madam Pince, she had been allowed to make duplicates of all the books she thought she would need, and they were all miniaturized and packed safely away. With another sigh and a quick straightening of her jumper, Hermione cast a quick Wingardium Leviosa on her case and began the descent down Gryffindor Tower. Ron and Harry would be waiting for her near the great hall with the portkey that would take them to Grimmauld Place for the summer, and it wouldn't do to be late.Ten minutes later, she was walking towards Ron and Harry, and for the life of her she couldn't wipe the smile off of her face. A summer spent in the Order's headquarters meant a summer of safety  something she was unused to. And, on top of that, Professor Dumbledore had asked her to a private meeting once she arrived! Yes, she thought to herself, this will prove to be an excellent summer! "Ready?" Harry asked, his smile almost as big as Hermione's."Ready!" Ron and Hermione agreed, placing their hands on the chipped dinner plate. Hermione felt a tug at her navel, and then they were spinning rapidly, the room blurring around them. Almost as soon as it began, it was over, and the three were clutching each other in the foyer of Number 12 Grimmauld Place, desperately trying to calm their stomachs."Ronald? Harry? Hermione?" A voice called from the kitchen. The door burst open and out came Molly Weasley, clad in a flour dusted apron. Her face broke into a radiant smile as she saw the trio as she ran to them, enveloping each in a warm hug. "Hungry? Any of you? Dinner's not until six, but I've just made some biscuits and tea if you'd like, or maybe I could whip up some-""Molly, Molly," a gentle voice interrupted. Albus Dumbledore stepped out from the kitchen behind her, laying a gentle hand on her shoulder. "Let's allow the children a moment to breathe, shall we? In any case, I was wondering if you, Miss Granger, would accompany me for some tea upstairs? I've just discovered a rather delightful blend that I'd like to try."Hermione gulped and nodded her head quickly, and was filled with a sense of nervousness. It just occurred to her that she had never before had a private meeting with Professor Dumbledore, and she was more anxious than she had originally planned. He smiled gently at her, those blue eyes twinkling, and beckoned for her to follow him up the stairs. She stayed close behind him, making a point to ignore the nattering portrait of Mrs. Black. Professor Dumbledore opened a door for Hermione and ushered her into a pleasant looking office  a room he had certainly charmed to look more inviting than it originally was. She smiled at him and took a seat in one of the leather bound chairs, lacing her fingers in her lap. Dumbledore poured her a cup of tea and stirred in two sugars, handing it to Hermione. He poured himself a mug, adding three spoons of sugar and a splash of milk, before settling down in the armchair opposite her."To business, then," he began. "Miss Granger, would you forgive me if I spoke very bluntly?""Of course, Headmaster." She replied politely. The familiar feeling of ice shooting through her veins filled her again as her nervousness flared."This summer, a task must be completed that is crucial to the downfall of Voldemort.""Horcruxes, sir?" Hermione remembered Harry explaining what these pieces of soul were, and that they had to be destroyed in order to make Voldemort mortal again."Yes, Miss Granger. Horcruxes. I am aware that Harry has told you about them, and I am sure you know how difficult they are to destroy. I have decided to devote this summer to the destruction of these horcruxes, with the aid of Harry and Mr. Weasley."Hermione glowed in her seat. This was the project he had hinted at! A chance to destroy pieces of Voldemort, to make him mortal! She could barely contain her excitement, before a thought entered her mind that made her heart drop."With the aid of Harry and Ronand surely myself as well, sir?"Dumbledore frowned and gently placed his teacup on an end table, leaning forward slightly. Hermione felt her heart plummet even further."Miss Granger, you would no doubt be a valuable asset, but it's just not safe. I have no doubt in your abilities as a witch, but these horcruxes will be especially hostile towards muggle-borns. It's a risk I'm not willing to take, especially when I have an assignment that would serve you much better here, at headquarters."She brightened slightly at that, and Dumbledore continued talking."I am currently creating a state of the art potions laboratory in the basement of Headquarters. Professor Snape will be joining us for the summer in order to work on a number of personal projects, several of which would be a great help to the order. I would like you to study under him, as an apprentice."Hermione was frozen in her chair. Her idea of a perfect summer was definitely not being holed up in a basement with Professor Snape  the man hated her!"ProfessorSirsurely Professor Snape hasn't agreed to this? I'm his least favorite student, I'm sure he wouldn't want my help!""Severus can be a coarse man, but he has spoken highly of you, in his own way. I have informed him that he needs an assistant, and that it is non-negotiable. I assure you, my dear, that he will treat you with respect."Hermione bit her lip and nodded slowly. If the Headmaster promised that Snape would respect her, she could certainly respect him."I'll do it. I'll need a few days to review last year's notes from potions, but I'll do it. Was there anything else we needed to discuss?""I believe that's it, Miss Granger! Now, I'm sure you'll want to get downstairs with the boys. Molly's biscuits are sublime and I would hate for you to miss out." He winked at her and stood, ushering her out the door. She descended the staircase quickly and walked to the kitchen, welcomed by the rest of the Weasleys and plenty of hugs. Hermione quickly snagged a biscuit before Ron could devour his tenth, and chewed on it thoughtfully.My, this will be an interesting summer. A/N: What did you think? :) Please review!
