Three years after the disastrous Triwizard Tournament, Harry Potter is spending the rest of his life in Azkaban Prison for the murder of fellow competitor Cedric Diggory. What will his rage hold for the Wizarding World after he is abandoned by everyone he once trusted? TR/HP, BW/LM, FW/DM. Hello everyone! I planned for this to be a One-Shot but it morphed into more! Sorry! But I am working 'Rechanging Destiny' don't worry! But this will be about 3-5 chapters so it won't be long! This is basically based on the thought of 'your future is set in stone'. And that since Harry was placed in Azkaban his life has become liquid he can control himself. Everything but the OC's and plot belong to the wonderful J.K Rowling! Warnings for this Chapter: Mentions of beatings and a sexual situation.Liquid StoneChapter 1A Promise MadeOn a desolate hill above the raging ocean a haggard building stood in all its broken glory. No one paid attention long enough to notice the insane screams coming from the gloomy building. Only when ten figures appeared on the rocky surface did a lone boatman closer to the calm seas do a double take.He only saw ten dark figures appear suddenly on a lone rock. He then just shrugged and went back to his fishing. He didn't know that what would happen here would change the entire world forever.The insane laughter could be heard through out the building. Its triangular shape made it a maze to be in and that's why they had brought the best Curse Breaker to have graced their ranks in years and had studied the lay-out of the building. As one they moved through the large doors. Searching for the lowest dungeons so that they could release what they had come here for.Dark soulless beings drifted in and out of the building, ignoring their master and insuring that no human would come close to them. None of the guards would dare stop the man as he rescued the only weapon that could guarantee his victory.''My Lord'' A seductive voice whispered over the leaders mind. ''Are you here to sweep me off my feet My Lord?'' The voice purred. Sending waves of lust out, leading the Leader right to them. A low chuckle could be heard over the link. And the leader stopped as a three way Hall appeared before them. He signalled everyone to split up, but also to be on the look out for the men guarding these prisoners.He and two others chose the middle Hall and rushed forward. There were only three cells in front of him and he smirked as he saw who was right in the middle.''It's by time My Lord'' The teen whispered as she spun around. The man threw off his hood and smirked when the lust entered those beautiful emerald eyes. He had changed a lot since the last time they had met in the teenagers fourth year.Harrison James Potter, or as he was now known as Prisoner number 190834, was serving out his full life term sentence for the murder of Cedric Diggory in Azkaban Prison.Though the teenager had only been fourteen at the time of the older teenager's death, the world had still seen him as a murderer.Though he had vowed under Verituserum that it had been Peter Pettigrew no one had believed him. His former friends and Professors had all turned on him as well. There were only a select few that had stood by him through the ordeal of his sham trial and had been people that no one had expected.Severus Tobias Snape, Draconis Lucius Malfoy, Remus John Lupin and a majority of the Weasly family had supported Harry. Soon after Neville Augustus Longbottom and Seamus Lochlan Finnegan had joined his supporters as well. They were the most vocal over his imprisonment.Almost all the students at Hogwarts had turned their back on their former saviour, each one of them vowing that he was prone to violent fits at school, that he was a Parsletongue so he had to be evil. How he had taken all the glory from the other Hogwarts champion because of his jealous tendencies.He had been sentenced to life imprisonment in Azkaban. In the deepest, seediest pits of it's hallow walls. He had been placed with the most dangerous criminals that the Wizarding Society had to offer. Conveniently it was with his most faithful, the one's who had no trouble killing and attacking for his name. He so happened to be with Bellatrix Rosalyn Black-Lestrange, her husband Rudolphus Nero Lestrange and his twin brother Rabastan Tiberius Lestrange.His three faithful shot up and ran towards the bars holding them back.''My Lord!'' Bellatrix shouted as she saw him, tears in her eyes. Her husband and brother were across from her. Rudolphus was scowling as he couldn't reach his wife and her distress was causing their bond to grow taut. ''Are you here to save us My Lord?'' She asked in a hopeful voice.''They have been waiting for you My Lord'' Harry whispered as he moved towards the front of his cell. His seductive magic flicking out at his own. He growled and held his hand out; he formed a fist and watched as the metal bars exploded.Rudolphus stormed towards his wife, not caring if he was hit in the process. He just needed to reach the woman he loved. She fell into his arms, crying freely as she was held for the first time in years. Rabastan joined them and helped his brother support his wife.Voldemort only had eyes for one though, and watched as the teenager walked towards him, their magic collided and the entire building shook.Everyone in the building laughed as they felt the two Dark cores clash and tried to twine as one. The tides in the war had changed, and they could feel it happening.Elsewhere in the building three teenagers ran towards a lower security section. They had to free others that could maybe help their cause. Seeing as one of them wasn't allowed to join his godfather and others. They had made sure of that by sending his lover with him. Of course he wasn't happy, but what could he do?In the other section they were using their ward specialist into helping the breakdown of a few other cells. As soon as he broke down the first he slammed the cell gates open and pulled his lover out there. Though he had only been there a few weeks it showed.Lucius Abraxas Malfoy looked vastly different from the Lord he was known as. His long silver-blond hair was limp, dead and caked in dirt. He had already lost a lot of weight, and his Magical core was depleted. He looked tired and clung to his younger lover.''William?'' He pleaded. He began crying when he noticed that it was indeed his lover. ''You're here'' He said as he tried to kiss his lover, but was stopped.''When you're better my love'' William Arthur Weasly said as he just swept his lover up and held him bridal style. He only hoped that the man would feel better after he saw his son and brother.''Daddy?'' Came the shout from in front of the opening Hall. Lucius was immediately alert and tried to get away from Bill. ''Daddy!'' Draconis Lucius Malfoy shouted as he ran towards his Father, but was pulled back by Frederick Gideon Weasly. ''Fred! Please!'' He pleaded as he tried to move towards his father.''Dragon! Bill! Let me go!'' Lucius pleaded as he was pulled even more securely into Bill's arms. ''Let me see my baby!'' He demanded as he tried to see his son. He grew more hysterical as he heard his baby pleading to see him too.''Let him go Fred, he won't stop'' Someone whispered from behind them. The redhead let the younger teen go, and watched as his brother put Lucius down on his feet again. Draco was in his Father's arms before anyone could blink. They held each other tightly, too scared to let go. Lucius pulled away and caressed his son's cheeks and wiped the tears away.''No tears Dragon, we'll be fine now okay? Even your Uncle will be with you now'' Lucius said as he groomed Draco's hair and smiled at his brother over his son's shoulder.Camillus Ares Malfoy waved and sagged into the Weasly in front of him and sighed in relief. He had known the moment when Draco had runaway that he would go looking for his Father. The bond the two shared had been strong ever since his nephew had been born. And it had only grown stronger over the years. He only sobbed when he himself was pulled into the strong arms of his bonded. He curled into his side and clung to his werewolf, after all these years he was finally back with his mate. Now he just needed his babies.Though he and Lucius shared many of the same facial features there were some notable differences. His features were softer, more feminine and his eyes were an ocean blue instead of liquid silver. His hair was caked with dirt and no longer held any trace of life. His bonded hissed as he felt his ribs stick out from his emaciated body. He was also covered in bruises and sores, some of his hair was ripped out and there was a slap mark on his cheek.''Don't worry my love, our babies will be with you soon and then you will heal'' Remus John Lupin as his best friend and pack mate joined them. Sirius Orion Black and his lover Fenrir Greyback joined them with another male as they carried two severely beaten men.''There are many more prisoners beaten like this'' Severus Tobias Snape said as he caressed the cheek of one of the men. The younger man grabbed his hand and whimpered his name in pain. The other man was being tended to by another redhead male. Percival Septimus Weasly was trying to calm down his older lover, though he seemed to be moving into shock due to all his injuries.''Take all of them to Narcissa, the rest of us will be paying a visit to the esteemed Light'' Lord Voldemort said as he joined the group. They all turned towards them and gasped when they saw Harrison James Potter. The teen looked sadly at everyone, before his eyes brightened at seeing his godparents. Sirius immediately pulled him into a hug, but he could understand why Remus didn't. He only had eyes on his mate.''It's good they never touched you Harry, I don't think they could have faced the wrath of the Dark Lord'' Remus whispered as he watched his beautiful lover fall asleep against his chest.''But their first mistake was believing I was guilty Remus and for ever touching who they knew could not retaliate. It's time for the Light to pay'' Harry said as he stared at all of them. They would pay, and they would pay with their lives.There was joyous laughter through out the Hall when the flash of lightning above caught someone's eyes. Everyone looked up and watched as rain started to beat down on the enchanted ceiling. The Headmaster, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, stood up from his seat and waved his wand in an effort to see what was happening. He was shocked when he heard the seductive laughter followed by loud bangs.The students started to scream and whimper in fear when the banging continued and laughter could be heard. The insane laughter sent shivers down everyone's spine and made a few of the students start to cry. The Headmaster signalled his fellow Professor's to start gathering up the children when a black mist formed over the table at the Gryffindor table.The screams renewed when they saw who stood before them. Harry laughed hysterically as everyone around him shoved each other to get away from him. A few more forms took place over the other tables. Albus snarled in rage when he saw Tom Marvolo Riddle appeared right behind Harry. Pulling the teen into his arms and nibbling on his ear. He hissed when he only saw his most faithful standing around them.Severus, Bellatrix, Rabastan, Rudolphus and Fenrir were standing on the tables. Waiting for their master's orders to attack. The crazed glint in the only female's eyes scared everyone back even more. She was scanning the crowd, looking for her son. She grew even more hysterical when she couldn't find him. She looked towards her husband and he shook his head. She then looked towards her Lord who was staring at a teenager sitting not far from where he was standing.''Tom, you were foolish to come here tonight'' Albus said as he threw a stray hex at the two. It just bounced of a shield Harry waved in front of them.''Oh quite the contrary Headmaster. You were a fool for thinking that I wouldn't notice what you were doing'' Harry said as he waved his wand and every student was tied up in metal bindings except a few.Neville Augustus Longbottom, Seamus Lochlan Finnegan, Blaise Arial Zabini, his blood brother Theodore Maximus Nott, Luna Aira Lovegood, three smaller students next to her Ronald Billius Weasly, and two more students at the Slytherin table were left untouched.''What are you talking about?'' Hermione Jane Granger shrieked from where she was trapped. She tried to beak free but found that the more she struggled the deeper the metal would cut into her flesh. She hissed as blood started to drip down her hands.She screamed in pain when her head was slammed onto the table. Her ears were ringing as she heard Harry laugh hysterically at her misfortune. She looked to the side and saw Ronald Billius Weasly, her boyfriend for over a year, smirking and laughing along with the crazed criminal.''Ron, what are you doing?'' She demanded as she gestured him to untie her. He only laughed and moved away from her towards the Slytherin table. He helped one of the boys up to his feet and then kissed him passionately. Hermione shrieked in agony and watched as the love of her life was with another man. ''Ron! Ron?'' She kept pleading as he ignored her and continued to shower the boy with kisses.''I would give up if I were you Hermione'' Harry said as he started walking down the tables. The Dark Lord not far behind him. ''He has been in a relationship with Valpecula since I was in Azkaban'' He stated as he sneered at all the students around him. They were all whimpering in fear, pleading for their lives. And it sickened him to his very core. ''SHUT THE FUCK UP'' He shouted. Everyone in the Hall went deathly quiet.''Harry, please. Why are you doing this?'' Ginerva Zara Weasly asked as she stared at him. He only sneered at the obsessed look and used his magic to gag her.''Shove off Potter! You can't do this to her, she's expecting!'' Dead Andr Thomas announced loudly. Those who weren't tied up were laughing at him. He looked around shocked, before sighing deeply at the horrified look on his fiances face. ''She isn't pregnant, is she?'' He asked sadly.''She was, but she aborted the child. I told you that weeks ago Dean'' Neville said as he came to stand by the soft spoken Gryffindor. Though he was a Muggleborn he had been powerful, until he fell for the slut known as Ginerva Zara Weasly. He looked at Harry who nodded, and Dean was released. Theodore walked towards the two and watched as the bindings on Dean disappeared. He helped pull the boy from his bench and continued to hold his hand. Neville smiled at his betrothed and kissed his cheek. Dean looked at them confused as Harry sighed.''Ginny how many men have you actually slept with?'' He asked disgusted. ''And how many times were you thinking of me while sleeping with them?''''I believe that was always my dear'' Tom whispered in his ear and watched as the girl began to protest.''Harry try and see past what we have done to you! You are Light, not this monsters whore! You murdered someone and then blamed it on someone else'' Dumbledore began but was also silenced as Harry's magic began to crackle. He pinned a murderous gaze on the aged Headmaster.''I murdered someone? I watched as someone I cared for was snuffed out in front of me! You then blamed me even though you knew he was back! You knew all along! You knew he would one day come back and try to destroy me! But what do you do? You blame me for the death of Cedric and lock me up in the most secure cells in Azkaban! People who were my enemies believed me, while my so-called friends and family saw me as a monster!''''Harry, you must understand'' Minerva McGonagall said as she tried to plead for her lover's life. She didn't expect a vicious glare to be sent her way. Even Tom glared at her as if she were scum on earth.''What is there to understand Professor? You all knew of my innocence! Yet you fabricated lies and told everyone that I was a jealous psychotic! That I craved any form of attention and would kill to get it! Did any of you even know me!'' Harry roared as he stared at the children in the Hall. All his comrades let him rant, they knew after three and a half years in Azkaban he needed to let everything out.''We knew Harry hated the limelight'' Neville stated from where he was seated.''We knew that even though he was angry he would never kill someone'' Ron said as he moved towards the rest. Hermione looked at him scandalised, which only caused him to smirk.''We also knew that he would never hurt Cedric because he is too honourable to do that'' Seamus said as Blaise joined him and placed his hands on his shoulders.''We knew that even though he was an obnoxious brat that he would never harm those he considers his friends'' Severus snarled. The Slytherin's all moved to stand behind him. Albus only stared at his Potion Master in shock. He had always though that the man had hated the younger Potter. He had made sure of that, and it had all showed. Until he had sent the innocent teen to prison.Oh he had known the teen was innocent, it had been obvious by the trauma in the boy's eyes, but he had seen an opportunity and decided to go with it. The plan had been to put the teen in prison, make sure that everyone had turned against him and then he would swoop in and save the teen with all the evidence proving that Tom was back. He would save the teen, so he would owe Albus a life-debt. And he would claim that debt by forcing him to die at the hands of Tom. It had been a perfect plan, but now that was ruined by the fact that Harry had joined his enemy.''Don't worry Headmaster, the true villain will die at the end of this week. This is just a warning, so please take it to heart'' Harry said as he stared at his former Hero.Albus only snarled as everyone disappeared as one, and everyone was left untied and in shock. Oh he will take their threat to heart, but he will use the most disgusting means to win.And they probably knew it.Please enjoy the new story! I hope that I will get out a new chapter pretty soon! But I am working on a lot more! Until then!
