I hold the book in my hands, biting my lip. The title reads, "Hairy Snout, Human Heart." I've just bought it at the bookstore in Hogsmeade. It was published sometime last year by an anonymous author. Here I sit on a bench outside the store, thinking. I've suspected Remus of having lycanthropy since our third year, although I never obsessed over it like Sev used to back... I gulp and push the thoughts of Severus out of my head. Our friendship has been over for almost six months now. 'It's time to quit thinking of him as Sev, Lily. He's Snape to you now,' I tell myself yet again.Anyway, Sev... Snape, I mean, isn't the person I'm worried about this early Saturday in December. It's Remus. We've been friends since first year, albeit not all that close until the end of last year. After Sev-Snape and I quit hanging out, I started talking to Remus more. We had a long conversation after the last prefect meeting of the year and owled over the summer, although our correspondence stopped for the two weeks that he spent at Potter's house because, as he said in one of his letters, "if he knew we're actually good friends, he would probably get jealous, and then he'd beg me to talk him up even more than he already did in the past year whenever I mentioned I had a prefects' meeting." So mum's the word about our friendship. It isn't really that hard to be honest, seeing as Potter, Black, and Pettigrew practically never go to the library, and they aren't allowed in the prefects' common room.I wonder if he's read this book. After all, it is "a heart rending account of one wizard's battle with lycanthropy," or at least that's what the back cover says anyway. I read about a chapter of it already, curled up on the bookstore's floor before I had the good sense to actually pay for the thing and bring it back to Hogwarts with me. I couldn't stop relating it to Remus though... The anonymous author spoke about suffering rejection from friends in his childhood when they found out about his condition. I haven't reached his adulthood yet, but I suspect he found the same response from those in his adult life, considering that the mother of the boy he had started to call his best friend at age 10 hexed him down the street when he had finally gotten up the guts to tell his so-called friend about his lycanthropy. The boy ran away as fast as he could to tell his mum that his friend was a "monster."I hope Remus knows I wouldn't react like that. Being a werewolf doesn't make you a monster; well; perhaps it does on the full moon, but the rest of the time you're completely normal! And someday they have got to make a cure, right? No truly decent person would shun someone for being bitten and living with the consequences for something that isn't their fault...I suppose the rest of the Marauder gang isn't as bad as they could be... after all, they accept Remus for what he is. Assuming they know... they do know, right? I don't really like to admit it, but Potter and Black are actually intelligent, and they spend so much time with him that even if he didn't tell them they had to have figured it out.I look back down at the book in my hands and suck in a breath of air. I think after I finish reading this I'm going to confront him. Just to let him know I have his back and that I really do care for him. I want him to know I'm his friend and that no stupid werewolf bite could ever come between that.Getting up, I decide to make my way back to the castle. We're only allowed to spend an hour more in Hogsmeade, so I might as well just leave now. As I'm about to pass Zonko's, Remus and his annoying friends walk out, all of them holding bags full of stuff that is bound to be against the rules. I consider hiding behind a trashcan to avoid Potter, but just as I decide to, he sees me."Oi, Evans!" he shouts at me, his hand immediately going to his hair."What is it this time, Potter?" I respond, not bothering to cover up the irritation in my tone.He winks at me and grins, as if that would somehow make me fall into his arms. I glance at Remus, who gives me an apologetic smile. "Well I was thinking maybe be we could..." he trails off, trying to give me a puppy dog look. He isn't very good at it, considering the one Black gave me last Thursday night when I caught him trying to sneak off to the kitchens. I almost let him off the hook... almost."No," I respond, successfully sounding bored. "I would not like to date you, rendezvous with you in a broom closet, be your girlfriend, or anything of the like. Now buzz off."Potter sighs almost imperceptibly. "Well, it was worth the try," he says offhandedly to Black. I roll my eyes and give Remus the smallest of smiles before brushing past them and continuing on my way to the castle.It's half past midnight before I finish the book. I look at it tiredly before setting it on the table beside my four-poster and extinguishing my wand. My curtains aren't drawn, so I turn on my side to gaze out the window at the moon. In a few days it'll be full, and poor Remus will have to endure a night of torment. I think he must be shut up in the Shrieking Shack, because the so-called haunting there that the villagers from Hogsmeade talk about only started six years ago, and then only on the full moon. They seem to think it's a particularly angry ghost that died on the full moon or something, or at least that's what I've heard. I'm surprised I haven't heard a werewolf theory, to be honest. But I guess it's a good thing. For some reason people are cruel, and someone might go talk to Dumbledore and discover the truth. Poor Remus... I can't imagine how hard it is for him. I guess Tuney gives me a small taste of being tormented for something beyond one's control, but still... it's one thing for my sister to call me a freak out of jealousy, and it's a completely different thing for Remus to be shunned by many out of fear of something that happens once a month. I yawn, and before my thoughts even get a chance to slow, I'm asleep.A/N: By the way, reviews will encourage me to update faster. :)
