A/N: I would put something clever her saying something like "I'm not JK Rowling, if I were I wouldn't be here." but I just don't feel like it. Nonetheless, these characters are not mine. I have a big family. Heck, there are twelve cousins. And Teddy. Thirteen kids. Somehow I'm the screw up.When I was younger they praised me. Told me how beautiful I was, how smart. They used to tease my father about it."Bill, someday she's going to have mound of boys chasing after her." They would say, always followed by a grin. I'm not quite sure when it became real, but I'm quite sure when the praising stopped.August 31, 2009"Tori!" a small seven year old came crashing into another's bedroom.The bedroom's occupant stood before a mirror, twilling in the new dress her mother had bought her. The pale blue of the fabric matched the young girl's eyes."Maman says it's time to go."The taller of the two turned to face her little sister, a gigantic smile sat upon her face. "Let's go!" she took the younger girl by the hand and the two ran down the stairs into the sitting room of their quiet beach cottage.They were met by a woman. Their mother. She had the same blonde hair and blue eyes as her eldest. "Dad and Louis are already there." She informed the two. "Victorie, you first." She held out a pot of peculiar powder to the nine year old. The girl immediately knew what to do with it. She stepped into the white fireplace before throwing the powder down, calling a name as she went."The Burrow!" in a flash of green she was in another place. She quickly stepped out of the fireplace to be bombarded by relatives."Vic!" she saw her Aunt Ginny first, a one year old Lily propped on her hip. "How are you?""I'm good. How are you Aunt Ginny?"The girl's eyes were searching the faces of the people in the room, her attention diverted from the conversation she was currently taking part in. Her aunt realized this and was quick to release her."Teddy is with some of the kids in the backyard." She shot her niece a smile."Thanks Aunt Ginny." Victorie began to weave through the crowd, a head of blonde amid a sea of red. She was greeted as she went.After kissing her grandmother she finally made it into the enclosure her various cousins had gathered in."Hey Vic!" a turquoise haired boy greeted her. "We were going to play hide and seek. Want to join?"She nodded and joined the circle her cousins had formed while waiting for the last to show up. She pulled one of the red haired children into her lap, this one being five year old Fred. After the rules were said everybody dispersed to hide. Molly, the eldest aside from Teddy and Victorie herself, had volunteered to count.Victorie was about to find herself a small alcove to hide in when she was gestured over by Teddy. He grabbed her by the hand."Come on Vic! Yesterday when I was playing with James and Al I found the best spot! I couldn't hide there yesterday, nobody would have found me. We can hide there now!" he began running, forcing the Victorie and her shorter legs to sprint to keep up with her best friend. They ran for what felt like ages to Victorie's short attention span.Teddy began to slow down. "Here it is!"Victorie kicked her shoes off, putting her feet into the water of a small pond that was there. Teddy looked at her, before joining her in the water. He smirked before putting his hand on the surface of the water. He flicked up, leaving Victorie a soaked mess."Teddy!" she screamed. "This is a new dress!"The eleven year old's eyes showed no remorse. "Oops."Victorie glared at him, returning his splash. Soon they were in a full on splash war which ended in Victorie pushing Teddy into pond, and he pulling her down with him. When they made their way back to The Burrow they were both coated in mud. The adults stared at the two children in silence.George Weasley had never been one for silence, he began laughing at the state of the two. "I guess they found the pond then."Victorie and Teddy were dried off quickly by Ginny. They joined the family at the table that had been set up for dinner. Conversations quickly began. Nothing sparked Vic's interest until a question was directed at Teddy."So Ted, are you looking forward to school?" it was her Uncle Ron who had asked. The smile that had been stuck on the nine year old's face faded as her friend answered."Definitely! I can't wait!" everybody began discussing Teddy's impending year at Hogwarts. Victorie finished her food quickly before excusing herself under the pretense of joining her younger cousins who were continuing the earlier game of hide and seek. Instead she climbed the many stairs of the old house before coming to stop in Fred and George's old bedroom. There was a window that led to a ledge on the roof. Nobody knew this was where her hiding spot was, only Teddy. Her shoeless feet dangled above the ground."Vic?" the sudden voice started her and she let out a yelp as she almost slipped off the roof. "Sorry." Teddy said sheepishly before continuing. "Why are you up here again?"Victorie ignored him."Vic? Come on, I thought we were best friends.""We were.""Is this about me leaving for Hogwarts tomorrow?""You're going to forget about me!" she cried. "You'll meet other kids! You'll make a new best friend!" tears began to freely flow."Awe, come on Vic. I could never forget about you. Besides you'll be with me in a couple of years."She sighed "I wish I could go with you now." But she couldn't go with him, instead Teddy left on the Hogwarts Express the next morning and the next time she saw him everything was different.A/N: I know this is short. It's probably not fantastic either. Feedback? This is not my first attempt at fanfiction, though it is my first one on . I'm not going to tell anybody who reviews to be nice, you may ask why? First, I doubt I'm going to get any readers let alone reviewers. Second, being nice isn't going to get me anywhere. I need good, honest reviewers who aren't afraid to tell me their opinion. So please review, but don't hold back.
