A/N: Hey guys, this is my first fanfic. It will involve a smarter and more practical Harry, along with unique Animagi and plenty Quidditch and life altering situations. Reviews and suggestions are much appreciated, and if you do like the story, please add it to your favorites!Disclaimer: Harry Potter belongs to J.K. Rowling. This is just written as a means of enjoyment.A/N: Words - Parseltongue'Words' - Letters, thoughts:Words: - Other languagesCHAPTER 1Harry was frozen in horror, staring at the wildly lunging Basilisk in front of him. Even though Fawkes had punctured its eyes, the beast seemed intent on killing him, apparently eager to follow Riddle's instructions. That train of thoughts was broken when the Basilisk's tail lashed out at him, and only his reflexes as a seeker saved Harry from being squashed into a pulp. He landed beside the battered looking Sorting Hat, and in a moment of inspiration, he rammed his hand into it. Sensing the Basilisk lunging toward him again, he tried extracting his hand from the Hat when his hand clasped around something. He pulled his hand out..along with a gleaming sword, with rubies encrusted in its hilt. Any other time and Harry would have marveled at the sword, but deciding not to push his luck further, he grasped the sword in his hands, letting the Hat fall to the ground.Kill the boy You can still smell him! Riddle yelled in Parseltongue.This time, the Basilisk lunged straight at him, intent on biting his head off. Seeing no chance to evade, Harry braced himself, and drove the sword right into its mouth.He cried out in agony as his elbow erupted with a searing pain. Looking down, he saw a long fang embedded there. Wrenching it out, he noticed the pain was now spreading all over his body, particularly near his forehead. Even through his pain, he noticed a shadow fall over him."Remarkable how quickly basilisk venom can kill you, is it not?" Riddle sneered at him. "I'm finally going to watch you die, Harry Potter!"Seeing the diary at his feet Harry offered Riddle a wry smile, before plunging the basilisk fang straight through the diary.An ear splitting shriek echoed from Riddle, as ink spurted from the pages of the diary.Suddenly Harry doubled over and screamed, the pain in his forehead intensifying. Vision clouding over, the last thing he saw was a red and gold blur speeding towards him, before darkness clouded over his senses.Harry Potter was dead.He found himself in a strange place, unnerved by the stillness and silence around. He looked around, searching for someone. Anyone. He couldn't be all alone here, could he? He had hoped he would see his parents here.'Is this what heaven looks like? And why in Merlin's name does it look like the Hogwarts' Quidditch pitch?!' Harry thought to himself.His train of thoughts was broken however, by a laugh behind him. Three men were walking towards him, while the one in the middle had a grin on his face."Well young Harry, I can assure you that this is not what heaven looks like, and it looks like your Quidditch pitch, because we are in your mind." he said"In my mind? And who are you three? And what do you mean by this is not what heaven looks like? Am I not-""Dead?" the man in the middle said. "I think not. As to who we are," pointing to the man on his right "This is Antioch, the one to my left is Cadmus, and I myself am Ignotus. And judging from your uncomprehending look, I think an explanation is in order. We, Harry, are the Peverell brothers of Old.""I trust you are not familiar with our story, Harry?""I'm sorry, but no." Harry replied sheepishly."No matter." said Ignotus. He seemingly conjured a book out of nothing, and began to read a story out loud. The story revolved around three wizard brothers who once conquered death for a short time by defeating a deadly obstacle with their magic. The personification of Death appeared out of anger because he felt that they had cheated him, but pretended to congratulate them by awarding them gifts of their choosing: The Elder Wand - a wand more powerful than any other, The Resurrection Stone  an object which would enable the user to speak to the dead, and the Invisibility Cloak. Two of the three brothers wished to conquer Death beyond what they had done already, and foolishly chose their gifts accordingly, leading to their early demise, the first brother due to boasting of his wand's power, and the other killing himself when the ghost of his dead fianc could not offer him any real comfort. The third brother was wiser, and hid under the Invisibility Cloak, something which allowed him to postpone death until he was ready, after which he lifted the veil that had helped him to evade the afterlife and was welcomed by Death.Harry stood shocked at what he had heard, gaping at the three of them"You guys actually did all that stuff? You mean to tell me that this story is real?!"Antioch spoke up "While the whole story is not essentially true, the gist of it is quite accurate."Cadmus looked at Harry "You see Harry, the thing was, we existed in the times before Merlin did. In those times, magic was on the rise, and the three of us, were the strongest wizards then. We wanted to travel, and explore we needed a challenge, Harry. Something that would push us beyond our capabilities.""So we set out to find something. Something that was worthy of our talents. It was a perilous journey, wrought with a lot of challenges. We travelled far and wide, until we finally reached the end of our journey. The place we were seeking was an intensely magical place, one like no other. It was a pond, with a hue unmatched to any other body of water. It was as if we were gazing upon a sea of sapphires. But the purpose of our journey was not the pond. It was a tree that stood on the bank of the pond. It was at least 50 feet high, and it's bark and branches were blacker than the darkest night. Its leaves were shining like emeralds. As soon as our eyes fell upon it, and we realized we'd reached the end of our quest. This was the Tree of Life, Yggdrasil." Antioch continued."Before we could move towards the tree, a figure materialized from the shadows underneath the tree. He looked menacing, with a cloak, which looked as if it had been stitched from the very souls of the wicked. Though only the mouth of the figure was visible, it managed to strike fear into our souls, and somehow, we knew exactly who it was. This was Death."Ignotus looked at Harry with a small smile "Though you may be skeptical, we aren't joking, young one." Taking a breath he continued, "He looked at us and said that he was proud that there was at least some, worthy enough to make the journey to the Tree of Life, and still be alive to see it. Due to this, he offered us each a gift. Antioch-," sending a glare towards his eldest brother, he said "-asked for a wand whose power could never be rivaled. Death just smiled at him, walked over to the tree, and snapped one of his twigs. He waved his hand, and three substances appeared out of nowhere. They were a Griffin's gold feather, ash from Death's own Phoenix, and Dementor's blood. Then he merged them into the twig, before plucking a small emerald from the tree and fitting it at the base. He said that it was exceptional wand, and thus should be used with caution. The wand could also transform into a magical staff, should its master commanded it to do so. He then handed the wand to Antioch.""Now, my dear brother Cadmus here, decided to ask Death for something that was even more powerful, so he asked for something to commune with the dead. Death smiled at him, and summoned a stone from the depths of the pond beside the tree, and handed it to Cadmus. He warned that there was a fine line between the dead and the land of the living, which could never be crossed.""I was wondering why Death was being so generous in his gifts. Though I did not believe he had any ulterior intentions, I chose to be cautious, and asked for something that would enable me to hide from Death itself. He looked pleased with my answer, and took off his own cloak, and handed it to me. Telling me that it was mine until I decided to pass it on.""Now what happened to these two-" he said, gesturing toward his elder brothers "-Is pretty much the same as the story, so I won't go into details. Something that is different is what happened after their deaths." The elder brothers winced. "Now, hearing of their untimely and irresponsible deaths, I decided to seek both of their possessions, as I knew of the destruction they would cause in the wrong hands. When I finally managed to track them down, I hid them away, creating fake copies of both the objects. When I grew old and I knew my time to meet Death a second time was near, I sealed them in a box with a blood rune, which would only open for someone who descended form me. I handed the box to my son and asked him to deposit them in the most secure location he could, and pass on the information on to the next generation. It would be opened when the time was right. I also gave him the cloak for his use, which he would pass on to his own sons."Still processing the information from the story, he asked curiously "It was an amazing tale, sir. But I don't understand what it has to do with me?"Ignotus just grinned at him " Because Harry, that same cloak is in your possession, and you are my last living descendant, making you the heir of the Peverell's."A/N : Well, that concludes the first chapter! Thanks for reading, and please review and comment!
