As a general disclaimer for the entirety of this story, I do not own Harry Potter. PrologueRon Weasley was fighting for his life. Ducking curses, throwing spells, pushing people out of the wayhe was a hair away from death. But then again, so was everyone else. It was the Final Battle. The war against Lord Voldemort and his army of Death Eaters had brought the fight to Hogwarts' hallowed ground. The moment for which everyone had been waiting was upon them. If they did not defeat Voldemort tonight, there was little chance they ever would."Ron, watch out!" screamed Hermione Granger, one-third of the Golden Trio and the girl for whom Ron had proclaimed his love just moments prior.Ron ducked at the correct time, hitting the stone floor hard and rolling onto his knees. Hermione threw a spell more complicated and dangerous than Ron could have ever imagined himself. Without waiting for it to make contact, she grabbed Ron's wrist and dragged him to an alcove away from all of the flying curses."Hermione, this is bloody insane."Under a layer of battle dust, Hermione smiled. She was a bit breathless, as she said, "We've got to get back out there."Hermione's hair was singed from the Room of Requirements, and Ron was struck by how strange it was to notice such a thing at this time. He should memorize her face, how her brown eyes shined with hope and how her jaw was set with determination. Instead, he took in the most mundane things about her: how dry and cracked her lips were, how the scrapes she had received from the run-in with the Gringott's dragon were already scabbed over, and even how a bruise was starting to form on her temple from some blow unknown to him."We've got to fight," she insisted."I know," he said, because he did know. He had to fight for his future, for his family, and even for little Teddy Lupin who had been born in the midst of such an awful war.Ron leaned in and kissed Hermione briefly. They both knew they might not have a chance to do so once they stepped out of the alcove. It was inevitable; they raised their wands and headed back to the fighting. When asked later about the exact details of the events that followed Ron's departure from the alcove, he would not be able to put them into words. He knew that Fred and Percy fought side-by-side and that there was an explosion that claimed Fred's life. He remembered how Hermione restrained him from exacting his revenge, because the death of Nagini, a horcrux, was more vital to the defeat of Voldemort. The one thing he had trouble recalling, though, was the identity of the person who sent the curse at Hermionethe very same curse in front of which Ron threw himself. His vision blackened before he even hit the ground.A/N: I haven't posted anything in so long! Ahhh! Anyway, this is just the prologue, and it's super short. The good stuff starts in the next chapter - and I can assure you that no chapter will ever be this short. This is like my baby, and it ran a little bit with me. Just as a heads-up, the canon alliance of any character is subject to be different. Also, I have a strict policy of anti-bashing. I don't like reading it, and I certainly won't write it, so if that's why you're here, you'll be disappointed. I've taken quite a few liberties, but since this is an AU, I have no qualms about such.Though Ron and Harry and Hermione are listed as the main character, this story is actually told from a variety of different points of view. As for pairings... I haven't quite decided which way it's going, but it will be het, not that I have anything against slash. Romance is not a large factor, actually. Please note that this story covers a war and wartime measures are taken. These include, but are not limited to, assorted character deaths and torture scenes. The latter should not be too graphic but could still be potentially offensive/triggering to some readers. But seriously. This is war. Bad things happen to good (and bad) people.Hmm... I think this might be enough of an author's note for the prologue. If you've liked it, there's a nifty review button. I thrive upon feedback!
