Jude Porter and the Lightning StoneLightning blasted through the dark clouds, illuminating the pale blue eyes that watched it intently. It broke the air so powerfully as the thunder rumbled through the night. "Lord Lazarus?" The blond turned to his subordinate, raising an eyebrow lazily."What is it?" He turned his gaze back to the dark sky and watched another crack of light stretch through the sky.The masked man cleared his throat uncomfortably, "What will be our next move? The Porter boy still lives and we have not gotten his blood."Lazarus glared at him flatly, "Mentions of our failures will not get you in my good favors." Before the man could amend his comment, he shook his head and began speaking again, "Jude seems to have some elements on his side that gives him the advantage. I should've known since he is his descendant. Even his father had it. However"His eyes were illuminated by the lightning and his new scheme, "We'll just have to find another element to beat him at."If there was one thing Jude didn't get about the Wizarding world, it was why they stayed away from muggle things. Muggles weren't bad at all and neither were the devices they used all the time such as smart phones and music players. Wizards didn't even write with pens or mechanical pencils. They didn't watch T.V. with regular channels.Don't get him wrong; the Wizarding world was amazing, they just really needed to get with the times. And by that, he meant they should actually get a T.V. since he got bored without Emma and James.He had missed the two over the summer. He used Hestia to send the two letters, but sometimes he had nothing to write and just got bored again.Neville would teach him more things about the Wizarding world he didn't know of at first. Hannah taught him many spells and charms that the professors never told them about. When both were busy, Jude would spend time on his broom stick, practicing catching the snitch.Now he floated on his broom, one arm over his head to block out the harsh rain pouring down on him. He gazed at the lightning that stuck miles away, "It hasn't let up since last week. I hope it doesn't rain this much when school starts.""Jude!" The blue eyed boy glanced down, seeing Hannah at his room window. "Get back inside. It's raining too hard for you to practice."Jude sighed, nodding. He dropped down, dismounting from his broom. He ran inside, soaking wet and went up to his room. Hannah shook her head, throwing a towel on the boy's head and drying his dripping hair, "Honestly, Jude, I don't know why you thought it was a good idea to go out there. You'll catch your death flying on your broomstick outside.""Sorry, Hannah," The boy mumbled from beneath his towel. "James said that quidditch matches don't let up unless something big happens in the school, so that means I have to get used to this weather if I'm going to play."Hannah frowned at him, narrowing her eyes, "Did James also tell you we were going to his house for a gathering? If you get sick, you're not going to get to go and neither will I.""Aw, Hannah," Jude gave her puppy dog eyes behind his glasses that's lens were covered in water droplets. "You don't have to take care of me if I get sick. I can take care of myself just like I used to. Besides, the cold doesn't bother me. I'm usually warm, see"He held out his hand, gesturing for her to take it. Hannah gave him a skeptic and put her hand in his. She blinked, staring at the appendage in disbelief when nothing but warmth radiated onto her palm.He grinned, taking off his glasses with his free hand, "See, I told you. I'm immune to the cold, and I don't exactly mind the heat either."Hannah sighed, releasing his hand. She crossed her arms, keeping her hard gaze on him, "Still, that doesn't excuse you. It's raining harshly and something could happen to you whether you're immune to the cold or not. Heavens knows how many people get struck by lightning in a storm like this.""It's a powerful element, Jude," Neville spoke as he walked up to them. His lips held a smile but his eyes conveyed his seriousness, "You always have to watch out for lightning in storms as bad as these. No one ever really survives after being hit by lightning."Jude nodded solemnly, "I understand. I'll be more careful when I'm out there.""That's all we ask," Hannah smiled, ruffling the towel that still lay on his head. "Now take a shower. We're going to the Potters in an hour or so. It shouldn't take us long if we use the Floo Network or if we apparate there.""You sure Jude will be able to handle that?" Neville asked as he and his wife turned their stares to the immensely confused boy. He put on a reassuring smile, "They're means of traveling, Jude. The Floo Network works through the fire place. Apparating is like disappearing from one place to another. You'll learn about it more when you're older."Jude smiled slightly, nodding. He hated being the one person who didn't know anything about magic. "I think I'll go take that shower now." He made to move upstairs before Neville's hand on his shoulder stopped him. He turned around, gazing the older male questioningly.Neville frowned, "Jude, remember what I said about lightning. I know you like quidditch, but with this type of weather, you need to be careful. It really is the strongest element in the world and could kill you in a second."Jude gazed at him, wondering what all the fuss was about. He knew lightning was dangerous, but to him it never was. He could stare at it all day, knowing it wouldn't touch him. He sometimes would stay up all night when he lived with Piers just so he could see the bolt of light. That also had nothing to do with the fact that he couldn't sleep with heavy rain pouring on him. Merlin, he hated Piers and he certainly didn't miss the room under the hold in the roof.He grinned reassuringly, "Lightning's strong and all, but it's not stronger than fire, is it?"
