-Author's Note- I own no rights to the Harry Potter series, obviously. If I did, the books would be entirely dramione. I have quoted some bits from the tower scene in HBP here, to illustrate the exact point when this particular timeline branched from the one we all know and love. WARNING: I read the rating definitions, and I could find no difference between M and MA. If you are unwilling to read smut, leave at the end of this chapter, because it will be in here sometime. Side note, sex is a beautiful, sacred thing. Sex should not be restricted-violence should. Sex creates what violence destroys...even if it is violent sex. Which it probably will be. Anyway. This is my first try at public fanfiction, so you have been warned. It will be riddled with errors, and it will be smutty. Enjoy!-~Chapter One: The Tower~-"Draco, Draco, you are not a killer."Harry watched in fascinated horror as his enemy and his mentor went over Draco's last year at Hogwarts. Katie Bell, Ron, Madame Rosmerta...all those attempts at Dumbledore's life, but..."Forgive me, Draco, but they have been feeble attempts...so feeble, to be honest, that I wonder whether your heart has really been in it."Dumbledore tried to continue the conversation with Malfoy, but the boy was frozen, paralyzed by the sounds of death coming from below. Only when Dumbledore accused him of cowardice did he stir, giving a vehement reply. He regaled them with the explanation for the Death Eaters, and bizarrely seemed to draw comfort from Dumbledore's praise of his plan. He began to sneer and brag, and Harry thought he was the most egotistical coward he had ever heard. Dumbledore, however, was not brooding over Draco's ravaged, fragile ego. He had been stalling, waiting for Snape to kill him-the pain of remembering his sister so vividly was unbearable. Now, however, he realized he had someone else to worry about. If he could save this powerful boy, turn him and his parents back on the right path with an act of kindness, perhaps that would atone...in some measure...his bright eyes snapped to Draco's, and he cut the boy off in the middle of his tales."As much as I desire to know how you have introduced Death Eaters to my school, dear boy, and as much as I congratulate you on a job well done, now is not the time for explanations. These can be received and praised later. I appreciate the difficulty of your situation," he continued, ignoring Malfoy's incredulous snort. "Why else do you think I have not confronted you before now? Because I knew you would have been murdered if Lord Voldemort realized that I suspected you."Malfoy winced at the sound of the name."I did not dare speak with you of the mission with which I knew you have been entrusted, in case he used Legilimency against you," continued Dumbledore. "But now at last we can speak plainly to each other...No harm has been done, and you have hurt nobody, though you are very lucky that your unintentional victims survived...I can help you, Draco."If Harry hadn't been invisible, he would have looked very incredulous indeed. No harm done? What about the body Draco stepped over? What about the future casualties the Death Eaters were sure to incur upon the school before the night was up? What was Dumbledore doing? Had the potion addled his brain?"No, you can't," said Draco, his wand hand shaking very badly indeed. "Nobody can. He told me to do it or he'll kill me. I've got no choice.""Come over to the right side, Draco, and we can hide you more completely than you can possibly imagine. What is more, I can send members of the Order to your mother tonight, to hide her likewise. Your father is safe at the moment in Azkaban...When the time comes we can protect him too...come over to the right side, Draco...you are not a killer..."Draco was trembling. His mouth was set in a hard line. He looked as though he was about to disagree. He raised his wand, and Harry thought he was about to see his mentor murdered. Draco's arm swung around to the door behind him. A bolt of red light flashed, and the door was made of solid iron, melting into the castle wall. He looked back at Dumbledore."They'll be here soon. I hope you're as good as everyone says, old man." His hand shook as he muttered protective charms around the room.Dumbledore inched back up the wall. He pressed his wand to his throat, and said hoarsely, "Expecto patronum." A silver phoenix flowed from the tip and turned to him. "The Ferret has defected." He spoke quickly. "Hide his mother. Ferret on our doorstep shortly." The powerful bird charged through the metal door, and there was a shout from just outside. Pounding and explosions resonated the chamber."I will not hold them off for long...Draco, Harry will take you to Number 12...I can open apparition on the grounds for a moment, it matters not now that the opposition is already here...just to the doorstep, Harry, the Order will take it from there."Draco looked in at the newly visible and unfrozen Harry with astonishment as the noise behind the door inrceased. Harry glared back with hardened eyes before stepping towards him reluctantly. "Are you sure, sir? He'll know-""Harry, do not try me now. I am about to face death." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled as he slid another inch down the wall. A small smile appeared at the corner of his mouth. "You'll do well, dear boys." He slumped to the floor, his head resting on his knees, a curiously powerful expression on his weakened face. His want pointed at the shaking, cracking door. Harry looked at him. He was torn between protecting the old man or obeying him.Dumbledore looked up. Urgency was in his eyes now. "Flee, you fool!" he whispered. Harry took Malfoy's arm, and with a crack they were gone.
