Hello everyone! I hope you're all enjoying your summer! I have just thought of a new story...I hope you all like it! :D It's different from what I've done so far, so I hope I do well! Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, the Wizarding World, the characters, or any references to the plot! All of this belongs to J.K. Rowling, aside from my own made up characters!Chapter One: The Discovery"Kate! Can you help me for a moment?"I put down my book and stretch before climbing off my bed. I pad down our wooden stairs in my fluffy socks and find Mum shaking her head at the floor. She had dropped what looks to have been an open puzzle box, one of those thousand piece ones. The pieces are everywhere."How'd this happen?" I ask, kneeling on the floor."I'm not exactly sure. One minute I was walking to the table to start this puzzle and the next thing I know, it's all over the floor." she says, joining me.I smile, "Well, you can be kind of a klutz, Mum.""I know! I'm surprised I haven't burnt the house down yet! I almost did this morning.""What? You almost burnt the house down?""Yes. I was making myself a pot of tea this morning while you were in the shower, and I left the stove on. Of course I also put a towel right next to it, it caught on fire, and thankfully, the sink was already filled with water."I shake my head, "You're crazy.""I know. But you still love me, don't you?""Of course I do. This is taking forever!"I dump a handful of puzzle pieces into the box."One handful down, a million more to go." I sigh."I wish there was an easier way," mom says, "Like, if we could only use magic. With just a flick of my wand, I could have all these pieces put away.""That would be so cool! Too bad magic doesn't exist.""Life would be so much easier if it did."After about twenty minutes, Mum and I put the last of the pieces into the box."Do you want to help me with this puzzle?" Mum asks.I hate puzzles with a passion, and Mum knows that. She also knows that the only reason I hate them is because they can be tricky. Puzzles are a challenge and I can't back down from a challenge. As much as I hate them, I want to complete them. As much as I hate puzzles, I want to finish them. Mum also knows this about me. She knows I'll never say no when asked to help her with a puzzle."You know I will. I'm just going to go the bathroom real quick and I'll be right back.""Alright, I'll start it."I hurry to the bathroom. As I wash my hands I examine my face. I grimace at the pimple that formed on my chin over night. I just turned eleven about a week ago. Ever since, these pimples have been popping up everywhere! Mum tells me it's just puberty and I'll have pimples until I'm old like her, but I still don't like them. I wish I could be like Mum. When I look in the photo albums, her skin is absolutely flawless. I hate her. I hate her and that long, straight blond hair of hers. The flawless, pale skin. Here I am, pimply pale skin, and short curly black hair. But I do have her blue eyes. That's about the only thing I got from her. Mum tells me I look just like my dad. That kind of upsets me. Considering she doesn't know who he is and I'll probably never ever meet him, I wish I could look like Mum.I leave the bathroom and go to join her at the dining room table, but she isn't there. The puzzle box is there, and there are a few pieces on the table, but she isn't there."Mum!""In here, Kate!"I follow Mum's voice to the living room, where she is sitting on the couch. Across from her, sitting in the recliner, is a woman wearing strange clothing. She looks to be middle aged, and her hair is up in a tight bun. She's wearing this...dress, I guess you could call it. It's long sleeved and a dark maroon color. On the coffee table is a witch's hat."Kate, this is Minerva McGonagall. She has come to see you."I stare at this woman and she smiles."How do you do, Kate?""Fine. Yourself?""Great. It's quite warm out, today."Mum nods, "It has been nothing but hot this summer! Kate, take a seat."I sit next to Mum and I feel how tense she is. I'm glad to know I'm not the only one weirded out here."Shall we get started?" this woman asks.Mum nods, "Go right ahead. You said you have something to give my daughter? Something about a special school she's been invited to attend?""That is correct. Here, Kate, this is for you."I take the letter she offers me. On the front is our address, with my name. I flip it over and there's a red seal."Go ahead, Kate." Mum says, squeezing my shoulder.I open it and pull out a piece of...paper. It's tougher than my regular notebook paper. I unfold and read it:Dear Miss York,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Enclosed, you will find a list of all the necessary books and equipment.Term begins on September 1st. We will await your reply no later than July 31st.Yours Sincerely,Minerva McGonagallDeputy HeadmistressI look at this woman, "Hogwarts? Witchcraft and Wizardry?""Yes.""I thought magic didn't exist.""It does. The Wizarding World works very hard to keep our magic concealed from muggles.""Muggles?""That's the term we use for non-magic folk.""But...how can I be a witch? I've been perfectly ordinary my whole life. Mum?"Mum shrugs, "I'm just as shocked as you are, Kate. I am not a witch. How is this possible?"The old woman, Minerva, smiles, "Your daughter is what we call a Muggleborn witch. That means that she has come from a long line of muggles and has inherited from a distant, a very distant ancestor, magical abilities.""So I could have magic in my family?""That is correct.""Interesting. How long has magic been around?""Oh, for as long as people!""Really? And us, muggles, we don't know about it?""Well, some of you do. There are many books written about magic and wizards and such, but unfortunately they aren't completely accurate."I read over the letter again, "So, what exactly is Hogwarts? And who is Dumbledore?""Hogwarts is a school that you attend for nine months. You will be living there for those nine months, but you can choose to come home for the winter holidays. There, you will be sorted into a House. You will be learning how to fly and perform various spells and potions. You can join the many clubs students have created and if you're interested in sports we have Quidditch."That catches my attention. I'm not very good at sports, but I love to run around and play futball with the other kids at my school."Quidditch?""Oh, yes, Quidditch! It is actually quite fun! And to answer your second question, Albus Dumbledore is the Headmaster at Hogwarts.""I have a few questions." Mum says.Minerva looks at her."You said that she'll be living at this school. Does that mean I can't see my daughter? Will I be able to phone her?""I'm sorry, but we do not use...telephones in the Wizarding World. We communicate through floo or owls.""Floo? Owls?""Yes. Since you are not connected to the floo network, owls will probably be your best bet. If Kate wants one, she can buy one and you two can send letters back and forth. Also, we allow parents to come visit their students as long as you give us a warning. Especially muggles. There are special ways to transport you to Hogwarts, but you can visit her if you'd like.""Okay. Will she be safe there?""Yes. Hogwarts is one of the safest places in the Wizarding World. Albus Dumbledore is a powerful wizard, as are the other professors, and the school is guarded quite well. Kate should be perfectly fine."We all sit in silence for a moment. I'm a witch. I can perform spells. I can go to school to learn how to become a great witch."I know that this is a lot to take in. If you need some time I can arrange for an owl to be sent to your house, so you can send us your answer." Minerva says."Well, this school sounds wonderful, and I don't want to hold you back from your potential, Kate. It's all up to you." Mum says.I look from her to Minerva. They both smile at me."I...I want to go." I say,"Are you sure? There is no pressure if any of this makes you uncomfortable." Minerva says."I'm sure. Since I'm a witch, I want to see what I can do.""Wonderful. Now, there's one more thing we need to discuss. As I'm sure you saw there's a list of materials you need for the term."I nod, "Where am I supposed to get a wand, cauldron and all of these other things?""Diagon Alley.""What?""It's where students can find their materials and everything they will need for Hogwarts.""How...where is it?" Mum asks."Hogwarts will send someone who can help show you where Diagon Alley is, how to get in, and will help you find everything. Now, when would you like to go?""Erm, how about this time next week?""Then that's settled. Someone will be here then. It was wonderful meeting both of you."Mum shakes her hand. Minerva looks at me."I look forward to seeing you at Hogwarts." she says."You too, Minerva.""That's professor McGonagall to you.""Oh, sorry, professor.""You two have a nice day.""And you." Mum says.I sit in the living room as Mum escorts Professor McGonagall out. Mum joins me."My daughter, a witch." she says.I think about what I know about magic. I remember learning in school about the Salem Witch Trials and how people were killed for possibly doing magic."Mum, does being a witch make me weird?""What? Of course not! You're still Kate. Just because you can perform spells doesn't mean you're some strange being. You'll always be Kate. You'll always be my daughter and you'll never be weird unless you choose to make yourself weird.""Should I tell people?""Well, from what that McGonagall said I don't think so. If the Wizarding World is trying to keep themselves a secret then I think we should respect that.""But what do I tell my friends?""We'll figure something out. We'll tell them that you got invited to attend a special school for bright and gifted pupils.""Can we tell the family?""I don't see why not. I'm sure your grandparents can keep a secret. You know what, why don't we invite them for a special dinner this weekend. We'll celebrate! That's what we'll do! This deserves a celebration! I'm going to call them right now!"She kisses my head and leaves. I look over this letter one more time. I wonder what the Wizarding World is like...So, what do you all think? :)
