A/N: This story just came out of nowhere, really. I wanted to do something that embodies a fear of Draco, long after the War was over and he had settled down with his wife and had a family, thus was this story born. I wanted to show that even after 19+ years, Draco still felt remorse and regret and guilt for what he had done because I feel that while people empathize with him (you know, like "he was only a boy, it wasn't his fault" or "he got roped into it"), they don't seem understand how much it has affected him to this day and that's what I want to show: the lasting impact of his actions. Sorry about that little ramble, I just really want to prove a point that Draco is not evil and that he's a regular boy who made mistakes just like everyone else does and that doesn't necessarily make him evil, especially since he felt remorse for his actions. The story is in Draco's and Scorpius's POV.Enjoy!October 20, 2006It had been eight years since the Second Wizarding War. Eight years since the death of the world's most evil and powerful wizard, Lord Voldemort. Eight years since Harry Potter, the Chosen One, had defeated him. Eight years since Draco's family had fallen from grace and fled.So much had changed for Draco since then. He had changed for the better. After the War, he'd moved out of the Manor and gotten a job as an Auror. He had married Astoria Greengrass three years ago and now Astoria was in the hospital, in labor, expecting their first child, while Draco anxiously paced the waiting lounge.His first child. He had no idea what to expect. He and Astoria talked to Narcissa about it and from what his mother described, it was supposed to be the best thing to ever happen to anyone even if it was trying and hard at times.His first child. He hoped for a girl. A boy would be fine but more than anything, he wanted a girl. And he hoped to be the perfect father. But that was the problem, that's why he was so worried. Growing up, he didn't have the best example so naturally, he didn't know what a good father should do. What if he did something wrong? What if he messed up like his own father? What if his child hated him?These thoughts made Draco even more scared and nervous and he started pacing faster and faster, hands pulling at his hair. This was ridiculously stressful. How had his parents handled his coming? His mother hadn't said anything about this part of being a father!"Mr. Malfoy?" A voice broke into Draco's thoughts and he stopped pacing. A nurse was standing outside the room his wife was in."There's someone I think you should meet." The nurse smiled and held the door open for him. Draco walked in, slowly, cautiously, scared to death. Astoria was in the bed, holding a white bundle in her arms."Hey, darling," Astoria spoke, softly, smiling at him. "Come meet your son.""A boy? I-I have a boy?" Draco's voice cracked and he tried to hold back his tears. He had a boy. A boy. He walked over to the bed and looked at his son. Instantly, his heart melted and he began to cry tears of joy. The child had the same blond hair as him and whether he had grey eyes, Draco didn't know, but he had his mother's lips and nose. He was beautiful."I have a son. I have a son! I have a son!" Draco shouted excitedly at the top of his lungs. Astoria laughed and shushed him gently and Draco embraced her and the boy in one large hug.He was a father now. He'd do whatever to make sure his child was happy and loved by him. He'd do anything for his son. He wouldn't be like his father. Draco looked upon his son in happiness."What should we name him, Astoria?""I think we should continue the tradition of naming him after the stars and constellations," Astoria said. "I want to honor your mother's side of the family, especially since she's done so much for us."Draco thought. What name could he possibly give his son that would suit him best? And something that wasn't taken already. Then it came to him."Scorpius," said Draco. "Let's name him Scorpius.""Alright, Scorpius it is," Astoria smiled, her voice soothing Draco's nerves. He relaxed and held his wife and son closer to him. His family was the most precious thing to him and he was willing to give up anything to protect them, no matter the cost, whether it be his reputation or life.At that moment, Draco made a vow: He would never do what his father done. He would teach his son about equality and love, not prejudice and hatred, and he would make sure that Scorpius felt loved by his parents at all times. That he would grow up to be a better person than Draco ever was. That he would always have a choice, something he never had in his life until recently. And most of all, Draco would never let his son go back to the Manor, a place he could no longer call his home, especially after what he had done. It would haunt him for the rest of life but he would never let the same thing hurt Scorpius. Even if he had to die for it.R&R;!-alyeska-breaking
