A/N: Hello everyone! This is an idea that got stuck in my head and wouldn't come out. I am still updating all of my other stories, but here is something new for you to read in the interim between. This will be my most graphic story and is rated a very strong M for a reason. This chapter will let you know exactly what that means without any surprises so you can continue or leave it be, whatever you prefer. I really do hope you like, as this has been a pairing I have really fallen in love with and this will be a new twist to it.~o0o~August, 2000~o0o~"Williamson and Kingsley are going to the Malfoy'sdo you wanna come? Ron's tagging along too," Nymphadora Tonks popped her head into the broom closet that Ginny Weasley claimed as her office.Ginny shut the folder of paperwork she was reading, quickly pushed back her chair, and careened around the side of the tiny desk to grab her outer robes from the hook on the back of the door, "Are you kidding? I wouldn't miss it. Are you sure it's okay?""They'll have to get over it. The two of 'em have said 'no' every other time and honestly, I'm not sure how much more there is in that manor to confiscate. Might be our last chance," Tonks' eyebrows wiggled, prompting more curiosity from Ginny as the two woman took off to meet Ron and their superiors.It was a rare, hot August day, but Ginny was desperate to get out into the London sunshine and away from the dreary hole she spent her days in. She had just officially joined the Ministry as a Junior Auror in May, right around the second anniversary of the ending of the second wizarding war, but her status as the lowest woman on the force meant she had to take the leftovers of anything, from desks to assignments, what with the Ministry now citing 'budget cuts' as they still repaired damaged caused during the final battle.Looking at the woman besides her, Ginny couldn't help but feel thankful. As her partner, and the one who had primarily trained her as an Auror, she owed Tonks a lot and felt they were not only good partners, but even better friends. Ginny had started her training the previous year, when the grief from losing her brother and so many others had softened enough to make life bearable again. She knew Tonks had the same difficulty in losing her husband in the battle, but Teddy was the silver lining that helped her through the thick of it." 'Bout time," Ron grumbled, breaking Ginny from her thoughts. The goofy smile he gave Tonks after greeting his only sister did not go unnoticed by either woman; he had developed quite an infatuation with her over the last few months, no doubt spurred by the fact that Hermione and Harry had just become engaged, Ginny mused-that had certainly hit him hard. She was at least thankful her brother had managed to keep enough tact to not outwardly declare his misguided intentions to someone still grieving her dead husband."Ah, I see we've got everyone today," Kingsley's low voice was pleasant, even though he looked at the two heads of red and the one purple with slight annoyance. He had been a good mentor to all of them and was the one who personally trained Ron, but he preferred to work without so much of an audience, "Please don't speak to them if you can help it. It is hard enough as it is to make these appointments, so it needs to be quick and by the book- Lucius won't settle for anything else. And of course that means absolutely no snooping," his glare turned towards Nymphadora in particular, who just gave him a cheeky smile in return."Gotcha. No snooping," she winked, holding back a giggle. Ginny knew full well the three of them planned to snoop around Malfoy Manor as much as they possibly could. The two years that had passed hadn't made the Malfoys any less of a sore subject and any opportunity to see them squirm was welcomed."Right then, to the floos," Williamson's cockney accent cut sharply into the conversation as he approached. He was an older, lanky man, with a greying ponytail that rivaled Charlie Weasley's in length. Ron, Ginny, and Tonks followed after the two older men and each repeated the address of Malfoy Manor in turn as they stepped into the glowing green fireplace.Covered in soot, Ginny was the last to step out into the ballroom, where the Mafoy's receiving floo had been opened to them. She was sure there were others around the house, but they had chosen the one in the least suspicious spot, unsurprisingly. She brushed some of her long, red hair back behind her earlobes as she walked towards the others. Kingsley was already speaking with Lucius."Should be no more than an hour. Left wing of the second floor, as discussed, and then you won't have another visit from us until a year from now, just to make sure things are kept up." Kingsley was trying to word things in the nicest way possible, a trait that Ginny liked about the man, but the niceties couldn't hide what it really was, another check box to fill on the long list of punishments the Malfoy's had to endure after the war. As far as Ginny was concerned, Lucius was more than lucky to not be forced to return to Azkaban, but by the sallowness in his and his wife's faces, these thinly veiled raids were not pleasant."The third door on the left is our bedroom. I would appreciate it if you could respect my request that you leave it be," Lucius drawled and Narcissa's eyes nearly plead with Kingsley's. Malfoy was trying to keep possibly the only shred of dignity that he had left but the mention of it only made it more suspicious."Basic detection spells will be used from the outside," was Kingsley's reply, which earned him a relieved look from the normally haughty blonde. The oldest Aurors began walking towards the entrance of the ballroom, but Tonks, Ginny, and Ron were nearly stunned in place by the awkward conversation and presence of the Malfoys. They had all anticipated a good laugh at some bizarre things kept in the manor, and possibly even practice with breaking curses, but they had not been fully prepared to face them in such a capacity."Looking as undernourished as ever, Miss Weasley," Lucius inclined his head to Ginny who just rolled her eyes in reply at his attempt to insult her. Narcissa stared at her niece, with a painful mix of familial respect and disgust at her appearance. Tonks was careful to not meet her eyes."I'd watch your mouth if I were you. Azkaban's not completely off the table and we all know it," Ron sneered at him in defense of his sister, but she just pulled on his robes, urging him to leave it be as they followed Williamson and Kingsley up the marble staircase."You know what I'm thinking?" Tonks arched an eyebrow in question towards Ginny as Ron followed the men into the first room, which was a simple sitting room. There had previously been paintings lining the walls if the dust marks were any indication, but it seemed the Malfoy's had made some of their own preparations for this visit."No, actually," Ginny crossed her arms and looked around the hallway as she watched Williamson begin to examine a few vases in the room."We have to see this bedroom. Haven't I taught you anything?" Tonks was exasperated and the tips of her hair turned pink as she cocked her head towards the door down the hallway."You've taught me to be damn good at this, but even I am not prepared for your aunt clawing my eyes out today. On top of that, I'm not really interested in seeing where Draco was made." The mere thought made Ginny ill and she faked a gag, which made Tonks snicker, earning her a dirty look from Kingsley."I'm just going to go run the detection charm on the bedroom!" Tonks called to Kingsley, but before he could say no, she was dragging Ginny down the hall. She figured they at least had twenty minutes before the three men worked their way through the next two rooms, and that was plenty of time to sneak around."Cave Inimicum Revelio," Tonks waved her wand slowly back and forth across the double doors to the master bedroom, carefully checking for any spells to strengthen protection on the room. She then let Ginny check for any repelling charms before the two were satisfied that there was nothing sinister about the door itself. Although Tonks should have stopped there, she nudged for her Junior Auror to open the door."Shite, Tonks, if we get caught, this was all your idea, Alohomora," Ginny whispered and the door clicked open. The Malfoys had been instructed to not purposefully lock any doors, but the satisfying click was still thrilling. Despite her apprehension, Ginny was the first to slip inside and Tonks followed.The room was larger than Ginny's entire apartment and was decorated in lush green and rich black with silver accents, but she was hardly surprised at the dcor. This room was also bare in the same manner as the others, with nothing on the walls but imprints of where pictures had been, and only a few decorative trinkets around, but nothing that referenced Lucius or Narcissa specifically."Aha!" Tonk's eyes lit up when she found an armoire nearly buzzing with a magical presence, although it didn't seem of the sinister variety. Ginny felt it too when she moved closer. Whatever was in there, Lucius and Narcissa were trying to protect it. The piece of furniture was stained black and very ornate, and Tonks worked quickly with furrowed brows, biting her lip as she managed to unlock it after a few intense moments."He's cleverthat charm will inform him we've been in here, which isn't technically breaking any rules we've set for them but he won't know until after we've left, I'm sure, and what good will that do" Tonks reasoned as she eased the doors opened. Both of their eyes went wide when they saw the contents.On the top row, lying in a neat line, were various types of leather whips and riding crops, all black. The second shelf held various wooden instruments, which mostly looked like paddles to Ginny, and all of them were emblazoned with the Malfoy crest. As Tonks started to pull out drawers, they discovered lots of silk ties, very racy lingerie, most of it looked like it was made out of leather, and a few things Ginny couldn't make heads nor tails of."What the hell is all of this?" Ginny asked, looking at Tonks, who had now doubled over in silent laughter, "What's so bloody funny?""I knew it! I knew they had to be!" Tonks struggled for breath."Had to be what?" Ginny urged her. She wasn't daft. She knew Lucius and Narcissa had to be into some kinky bedroom shenanigans, but Tonks' familiarity with it confused her."I bet she's the one who bosses him around," Tonks smirked, holding up a raunchy looking leather corset, "My Aunt, oh Merlin, this is rich, but I'm really not surprised."Ginny reached into the drawer and pulled out a metal object, "Do you know what this is?""Muggle handcuffs. Good Godric, how blasphemous for a pureblood," Tonks snickered, "Look, you and I will grab a pint or four and gossip about this later. We've spent entirely too long in here, but it was definitely worth it. Except it will be quite hard to look at them on the way out!"Ginny and Tonks carefully closed the armoire and placed a temporary locking charm on it before slipping back out of the room just in time, as they heard Williamson's gruff voice in the very next room.~o0o~"Fucking hell that is good," Tonks gasped after she clinked glasses with Ginny and they both drank down a shot of Firewhiskey. It burned her throat in a pleasant way and left both her stomach and cheeks warmed."Why don't we do this more often?" Ginny wondered, pleasantly flushed as she motioned for another round. They were sitting in the back of the Hopping Pot, one of their favorite haunts."Because you and I are the only single ones now and I often don't get a night off from Teddy. Thank Merlin for Hermione and Harry," Tonks sighed when the next round of shots was placed before them and rubbed her hands together conspiratorially as she looked across the table at her red-headed counterpart, "And besides, I shouldn't really be out getting pissed with my little Auror""Shove off" Ginny rolled her eyes at Tonks' mocking tone and took the shot gracelessly, coughing after the swallow."How are you about that business anywayy'knowthe engagement," Tonks' tone changed, becoming softer. Ginny looked at the hen do happening at one of the large booths near the front of the pub and grimaced."She wasn't right for my brother and he wasn't right for me. They are good together. What Harry and I had was puppy love, and that's all" Ginny replied. If she was being honest with herself, she loved Harry like a brother now, but it still hurt her ego when he left her for her friend. Needless to say she had drifted apart from Hermione in recent months."Well, I give you full permission to play the field. Have fun while you are still young. I think they are rushing into things a bit," Tonks leaned back into the comfy booth seat, seeming to consider it, "You should be shagging hot men at every chance you get. And don't tell your mother I said that."She threw a wink at Ginny, who couldn't agree more. She had wanted to experiment and dip more than just her toes into the one-off, meaningless hot sex pool for a while now. Although her first experience with Harry was a start, she didn't have anything else to compare it to, nevermind a one night stand. A nagging feeling in her stomach made her think the sex with him had been totally and undeniably average and the thought bounced around in her mind and connected to what she saw at the Malfoy's."Speaking of shaggingyou wanna tell me why you seemed so familiar with whips and Muggle handycuffs?""Hand-cuffs," Tonks smirked as she corrected her, "Do I want to? No. Will Iget one more shot in me and I probably will."Ginny was eager to buy them another round even though she was feeling deliciously relaxed already. She enjoyed her gossips with Tonks, even if they were few and far between as of late. Tonks was the older sister she never had, and was a fountain of information on everything."Mmm, ahh, okay," Tonks winced as she took the third shot and slammed the glass back down onto the table, "Stop me if this is too weird for you, but Remus and I messed around with that stuff for a while.""What exactly do you mean by that stuff" Ginny wasn't sure she wanted to know all the details, as they were speaking of a man they all considered a saint and he was definitely a touchy subject with hermost times his name made her sad."BDSM," Tonks shrugged matter-of-factly, "It stands for Bondage and Discipline, Sadomasochism, and Dominant and Submissive. Muggles totally think they started all this but has been going on in the Wizarding World forever. It's just a sexual lifestyle. Some people like to be tied up or spanked during sex. Some like to cause pain and others like to take it. It's complicated, but the whips and leather and floggers at my aunts were all pretty indicative. More people are into it than you would think, at varying levels of course"Ginny was sure her mouth was hanging open a bit. She considered herself pretty intelligent, but this was all foreign to her and she suddenly felt like a very nave first year again, "So you get off by hurting each other?"Tonks quickly shook her head, "Nothat's not itI mean, some people may, but it's really about power and control. You get off by having it, or by surrendering it to someone you really trust. And some pain can be pleasurable, but Remus and I didn't venture too far into itbut who knowsnot like we had much of an opportunity those last few months."Ginny could see her friend becoming distraught at the thought and desperately wanted to steer the conversation away from anything too upsetting. However, she was still ridiculously curious, "How did you guys get into it exactly?""Remus knew someone who was far more into it than he was, but some aspects really appealed to himand to me, once we talked about it. And I have a really close friend, Jill, who has been in the BDSM wizarding community even before Remus and I married. I never really thought about it back then, but tastes can change," Tonks continued, seeming wholly comfortable talking about something that sounded so taboo to Ginny."Sowhat were you?" Ginny pressed for more from the woman across the table from her. The music was loud in the pub and the alcohol was finally giving her a buzz, making her less hesitant to ask."Whaddya mean?""Dominant or submissive? Which were you?" If Ginny had to guess, she probably could, but Tonks always surprised her."Well I guess the illusion about your old professor is shattered innit? Let's just say the time right before the full moon tended to get the best of him. Didn't bother me at all," Tonks grinned salaciously and Ginny flushed. Her guess had been correct. The women sat in silence for a few minutes. Ginny looked down at the empty shot glasses in front of her as Tonks watched the red-head think."You want to try it, don't you?" Tonks asked, starting the conversation again. It shocked Ginny and she snapped her head back up."Don't just assume""I know you. I know you are thinking about it. Once you get something into your head, I know it's going to stay there until you work it out. Look, I know you are an adult and all that and can make your own decisions, but with some peopleit's not just playing around. Most people don't just dabble in it when they are feeling extra randy. There's a lot more to it than what I've experienced," Tonks said, taking on the air of a concerned sister."I know. But why not experiment? You just said it yourself that I should be off shagging""I said shagged not tied up and spanked, Gin. Merlin's balls. But if you are serious about it, I'll give you Jill's address and let her know you might pop over to talk about things. She knows a lot more than I do, so please say you'll see her before you decide to work out this fantasy on your own?""I promise," Ginny smiled at Tonks, feeling just a tiny bit dangerous, and ordered them another round.A/N: Hope you liked! Please leave a note or feel free to PM! Love you all!
