Dear reader, welcome! I have just a few quick notes for you:1. This chapter is more of a summary of Lili's life. Don't give up on it immediately, please. Next chapters will go into more details, more dialogues and whatnot.2. I'm not a native English speaker, bear with me - I try my best. I would be happy if anybody wanted to proofread my stories though.3. Read away! (and leave a review :)"I believe that everything happens for a reason. People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together."  Marilyn MonroePREQUELI was once a happy little girl, with no worry in the world. I had an older sister, who was also my best friend and a best pair of parents one can imagine  loving, wise, happy. Then I learned I was a witch. A boy from neighborhood came to me and explained why all the strange things were happening around me. I guess it shouldn't have been such a surprise, but it came as shock to me, my parents and mostly to my sister Petunia. She was scared and perhaps a bit jealous. She refused to talk to me and called me a freak. I realize now that I can't really blame her for that. Was it me in her position, who knows how I would react? But I was just ten at that time and I didn't understand why she acted the way she did. And so, my heart was broken for the first time.I didn't dwell on the fallout with my sister for long however. The boy that told me I was a witch  Severus, became my new best friend. He would tell me fantastic stories about magical world and we spent hours and hours talking and laughing. But we never talked about our families. I didn't want to talk about Petunia, an he... his family was a sore subject to him. I later learned that his father was alcoholic and fighting was a daily routine at their house. But that's another story... When my letter from Hogwarts came on my eleventh birthday, I already knew what it would say. A witch, that came to explain all about magic was very surprised at that. So I bought a wand and tons of magic books, and come September 1st I hopped on a train that took me to different world.Perhaps because I had so much to learn and to take in, the first year at Hogwarts flew by in a flash. There were a few unpleasant encounters with students who seemed to think they were kings and queens of the castle, just because they came from the old so-called pure-blood magical families, but over-all it was a great year. I made some new friends and the best thing was, that when I came home, Petunia welcomed me. She still wasn't the biggest fan of magic, but when I assured her that I can't do magic at home, we became friendly once again. Still, the place of my best friend was already occupied by Severus.Second year at Hogwarts went by much the same as the first one. Except the novelty and excitement of magic had disappeared and I started noticing other, less pleasant things. Like the fact that I still didn't feel quite at home in magical world. Or nasty comments on the friendship between me and Severus. There seemed to be an ongoing war between our houses and from what I heard, things weren't that great outside school in magical world either. But it was all just rumors, so I decided not to worry about it. Besides, by the end of second year something else was on my mind. The letters from my parents seemed to get shorter and less frequent and I was worried they were already forgetting me.How I wish that was the true cause of this change... I will never forget the day I returned home that summer. Only my mom picked me up at the station and I instantly knew something was terribly wrong. Her smile didn't reach her usually sparkly eyes when she smiled. In fact, there were tears. "Mummy, whats wrong?" I asked her. But she wouldn't tell. Not until we got home.That night I learned my father was sick. Cancer, they said. He put on a brave face and smiled and pretended everything was going to be alright. And I believed him. Until one night, that summer, Petunia came to me crying and said that daddy was going to die. She overheard my parents talking about it and begged me to do something. She said that doctors can't heal him, but surely magic can. And I promised her that I would help. I believed that if young madame Pomfrey can mend a broken bone in matter of minutes, surely she can heal my dad. So I wrote her a letter. The response I got was not what I expected. Some nonsense about magical law, healers and differences between magical and muggle diseases. There was only one thing clear in that letter  for one reason or another she couldn't help me, no one from magical world could. That was the firs time magic has truly let me down.For a few weeks I was determined to shout out the magical world completely. I was angry and disappointed and I never wanted to go to Hogwarts again. I didn't speak to Severus, who was desperately trying to reach me. Petunia and I drifted apart again. I promised her help, but I couldn't give it and she called me a liar. I smiled and tried my best to look happy for my parents, but I spent nights crying in my bed and my mom wasn't fooled. She soon figured what was going on with me. She took me in her arms and explained that we had time and hope and that she and dad wanted me to be happy. They wanted me to go back to school and write to them about all the exciting things I learned. She said it would make daddy happy.So I went. With one decision in my head. If no-one else from magical world would help my dad, I would. And then everything would be OK again. Dad would be healthy again and Petunia would be my friend. So with new determination I poured my heart into studying. I went through all the books in the school library even remotely related to healing and diseased. I paid especially close attention to charms and potions since those were fundamental to becoming a good healer. Of course, I told Severus about my secret plan and he promised to help. He was a prodigy when it came to potions and I was really good at charms. Together, it felt like we were unstoppable. There was only one major downside to this however. As I dedicated all my time to studying, I drifted apart from my other friends. They didn't understand why I was doing it, I never told them. From what I've learned, my plan to save my dad with magic wasn't exactly legal and I was worried. So I kept it a secret.Third year came and went, and I, although excelling in all my subjects and spending excessive time in library, was nowhere close to knowing how to cure my daddy. And over holidays I could see my dad, once a big strong man, becoming this shadow of a person. He would still crack silly jokes and smile for me, but I knew that we were running out of time. I secretly studied muggle medicine literature, hoping, that combining knowledge from both worlds would help. I couldn't sleep. I had to force myself to eat. I went back for my fourth year at Hogwarts refusing to give up. I was a desperate fourteen year old girl, trying to find a cure for cancer. And it was hopeless.When I came back for Christmas, my dad was lying in bed, to weak to move. He asked me and Petunia to sit by his side. "Girls do you know what happens when a butterfly is born?" he asked. We both shook heads, confused, so he continued: "A caterpillar has to die. But it is alright, because it doesn't really die  the caterpillar lives in the butterfly and they are but one and a caterpillar in a butterfly can fly and enjoy the beauty of the world." Then he handed us both an envelop and asked us to open it, when a butterfly will be born. I new he wasn't really talking about caterpillars and butterflies but I refused to acknowledge it. I knew, he was saying goodbye, but I refused to admit he was really going to die. I hid the envelop at the bottom of my school trunk, never wanting to open it.That was our last Christmas as a whole family. My father died in March. The service was huge. My parents had many friends who came to pay their respects. But for me, it was just one long blur. I don't remember much from that day. I remember the feeling of finality when they closed the coffin and lowered it into the grave. My throat contracted and I couldn't breathe, when I realized, that I will never be able to see my dad again. And I cried harder then ever before. And then, when the service ended, we headed back to our house for the wake and I was finally able to collect myself enough to stop crying, Petunia grabbed my elbow and whispered into my ear "You promised to save him, but you didn't. I will never forgive you." My already broken heart teared to million pieces. My vision went dark and I collapsed.I woke up next morning. Mom told me I collapsed from all the crying. She also told me I could stay at home for a few days, spend some time with family. But I wanted to get away from home. Away from painful memories. So I went back to school the day after funeral. Looking back at that day, I realize my mom was asking me to stay, to keep her company and it was selfish of me to go. But I went and in doing so I made a gap between me and my family, a gap that magic created in the first place, even bigger.Some people say, that when a patient who was long suffering finally dies, it is a relief for his family, because living in the suspension, dreading the worst, not know when it is going to come is worse then death and loss itself. This did not apply to me. I felt guilty. I felt like I have failed everyone. So I dedicated myself to studies once again. I wasn't searching for cure anymore. But I had nothing else to do to keep my mind occupied. I didn't have any close friends besides Severus, and even he seemed distant these day. I figured he didn't really understand how much I miss my dad, when he hated his. So when Flitwick asked me if I would tutor some of his first years I gladly accepted this new form of distraction.However, school couldn't keep me occupied forever. Fourth year drew to a close and I dreaded going home for summer. Mom picked up me at the station again. She was unusually silent, even considering the circumstances. I wondered if she was angry at me, but when I came home, Petunia reluctantly explained that mom was that way all the time nowadays. The silent house became unbearable for me after few days, so I took up some summer courses  namely contemporary dancing and drawing. I wasn't much good at any of them, but they provided me much needed escape from the reality. My drawings were usually dark and gloomy, and as form my dancing, my teacher said I would be a perfect dying swan, if there ever was a contemporary take on swan lake. But in a way, it made me happy. Or at least happier than I was anywhere else.I also spent some time with Severus during summer. But it wasn't as it used to be. One day in the middle of holidays a boy  Alec  from my art class walked me home. It was nice talking to some who didn't know me. He made me laugh. When we came to our house, Severus was waiting for me. As soon as Alec turned the corner and disappeared from our sight, Severus started asking about him. He said I shouldn't socialize with muggles like that. We argued. Badly. I didn't speak with him for the rest of summer. In the mean time, Alec and me became a good friends. And on one summer evening I had experienced my first kiss. However, I knew our relationship wouldn't last past summer. I couldn't very well send him letters by owl from Hogwarts. So I ended things with him during last week of August. He took it quite well. So well that I wondered if he was going to dump me anyway if I didn't make it easy for him. But it was a nice month we spent together, so I didn't dwell on that possibility.During that summer I also received an owl from headmaster Dumbledore. He made me a prefect. I should have been proud of myself, and perhaps I would have been, if my dad was alive, and my family wasn't such a mess. As it was, when the news came, I had no one to share it with. It just reminded me again that I failed. Failed to save my dad and hopes Petunia put in me. But I couldn't do anything about that anymore, so I took the chance and when September 1st came, I made my way to the prefect compartment of Hogwarts express.To my surprise I met Severus there, along with other prefects. He gave me a hopeful smile. I returned it  I missed my only friend too much to hold a grudge. Then I took seat next to fellow Gryffindor prefect from my year  Remus Lupin. I didn't know him very well. I didn't know anyone from school but Severus very well. But it soon turned out that the prefect badge Dumbledore gave me was a blessing in disguise. It was my new chance to make friends. Remus was and still is one of the nicest people I ever met. And Alice and Frank  seventh year Gryffindor prefects and ruling head-girl and head-boy were the cutest couple on earth. As soon as Alice noticed me hanging out alone in library she invited me to hang out with her friends. However I wasn't the only one who met new friend that year. Severus did too. At first I was happy for him, but after few weeks, it became apparent to me, that we were no longer meeting in public places, as though he didn't want to be seen with me. He also got into a lot of fights, even with my friends. When I confronted him about it, he either denied it or accused me of neglecting him. It went like that for entire fifth year. Still, I stuck up for him in front of my friends, I defended him, I would even fight for him, if need be. And such a need occurred at the end of the year, just after we finished our last OWL exam. An incident by the lake that involved certain James Potter, Sirius Black, Severus hanging upside down suspended in mid-air and me sticking my neck up for my beloved friend, who apparently didn't want my help. It brought our friendship to an inevitable end. Of course, it was something I should have expected. It was long time in coming. But it still hurt me, more than I was willing to admit. And it came in time, when my life was just getting better. Devastated by betrayal, I sought solitude and refused comfort from my new friends until it was time to go home.When holiday came, I threw myself into dance and art classes once more. Petunia was hanging out with her boyfriend  a bloke called Vernon, twice as big as Petunia herself and my mom was spending days at work. She seemed to be better than last summer, but we would rarely talk. It was as if three strangers lived in our house. I wrote an occasional letter to Alice  she began her auror training after leaving Hogwarts. I admired her courage. These were dangerous times. The rumors that were floating around for some years now seemed to be true. There was a dark wizard, trying to purify magical world by getting rid of muggle-borns and muggles. A wizard Severus was apparently eager to join. Just another joy to add to my life, I thought sometimes sarcastically.At the end of summer I packed my trunk and took train to London. I was old enough to travel by myself and it seemed pointless to bother my family. However after I went through barrier that led to platform 9 and 3/4, I lost control of my trunk and collided with someone sending both our stuff flying everywhere. I apologized instantly, but the boy rounded on me. "Watch your step, Evans!" It was James Potter. I stared at him for a second and then something inside me snapped. I was sick of everybody pushing me around. I was sick of people abandoning me, blaming me, feeling sorry for me. I was sick of people in general. I wanted to yell and scream. And I did."God, I said I was sorry! Are you deaf?! Or are you still mad at me for turning you down?! Are you really that self-indulged? Why am I even asking, when I already know the answer is yes. I really don't understand how can someone so sweet and clever as Remus hang out with such a scum as you are!" Oh, it felt so good. For about three seconds. Then I realized what have I said. I saw Remus standing behind James staring at me in disbelief and a I froze. I saw Sirius opening his mouth to defend his friend, but James silenced him with a hand gesture."You completely lost it Evans. I think that your dear friend Snivellus left a permanent damage on you," James said in a cold calm voice. And I just stood there watching him as he collected his things and turned around to leave with his friends. He was right, I completely lost it. But as I saw dark figure with greasy hair watching the scene, I couldn't help myself."He is not my friend any more!" I yelled once more. And then I looked Severus in the eyes and in lower voice, but still loud enough so he could hear me I added: "He is dead to me for all I care." Then I collected my thing and got on the train.Sixth year dragged by in immense slowness. I studied, I tutored, I ate, I slept. Sometimes I found myself on the receiving end of Marauders pranks. Sometimes I yelled at James at top of my voice. Most of the time the two of us led silent war. I don't even know why. It was petty. It was stupid. It was immature. And it's not like he caused all the misfortunes in my life. But we rubbed each other the wrong way, and once it started, there was no stopping. He would accidentally knock down my things when he walked past my desk, which Remus would help me collect, bless him. I would accidentally hit James with a hex in DADA class. Accidents were mostly all that happened. They just happened a little more often to us, than to normal people. It was a way for me to let out all of my frustrations, when I didn't have art and dance classes to do so. About half into the year however I started feeling tired of this war. James had his friends. Lots of them to support him. I had only one. And I couldn't talk to him about it, because, as it happened, Remus was also James' friend. And we silently agreed to avoid this touchy topic. I sometimes wondered if Remus was only friends with me because I figured out his deepest secret. Either way, I was glad for at least that. Otherwise I would be completely alone. People though I was weird and to be honest, who could blame them? I just didn't have energy to do anything about it. So I just waited for the year to end.I quite looked forward to spending the summer same way as previous one. I signed up for art and dace classes as soon as I got home. I was of age in magical world and had an apparition license, so that was bound to be a little improvement for summer too. I was free to go wherever I pleased, but soon I found out, that there weren't many place I wanted to go. Magical world was turning to be a dark place in fear of war. So I settled myself for just going to my classes, studying my books and exchanging letters with Remus and Alice.That is, until I woke up today, on a bright morning of August 1st with a distinct feeling of change waiting to surprise me.
