*By the way Hermione's birth date is on the 19th September 1990 instead of 1989 *Hermione's PovI was in my first year (just as him) when we met , the first thing I noticed wasn't his lightning bolt scar that everyone is so interested in about , it was that pair of beautiful emerald green eyes that looked at me with such a warmth that you rarely see , when he saved me from that troll , I felt my heart skip a few beats and I thought to myself that maybe it's just a girly crush because he's famous and all ... boy how wrong I was ... this 'silly crush' soon turned into a fancy and before I knew it ladies and gentleman I fell in love with him ... pretty hard ...I don't know what shocks me more , the fact that we are in the same house and together in almost every class , the fact that we spent so much time together and still nothing , the fact that we are so close , but so far apart from each other or the fact that I realized my feelings for him when we rode on that hippogriff , named Buckbeak , even if I hated flying dearly , as I wrapped my arms around him not wanting to ever let him go and freeze the moment forever ? ...Well my feelings for him never left instead they've grown more and more , so in the beginning of our fourth year , Hogwarts along with Beauxbatons and Durmstrang schools organized the 'Triwizard Tournament' somehow Harry's name slipped in the goblet and now he must take part of this stupid contest against his will , what upsets me the most is that already half of our own school is accusing him for cheating and they say that he only wants the prize (1000 galleons) also our so called 'best friend' (or redheaded boy as you know him) Ronald Bloody Weasley turned his back to Harry too saying some hard words , of course I didn't leave him (I'm not that stupid to believe all this rubbish ) but he was clearly missing Ron very much , nothing can replace the best friend you used to have .Somehow I kinda give my thanks and appreciation for this whole situation , right before the first task , Harry said ' we need to talk , it's important ' so I've found myself in the champions tent right before his turn to fight the dragon ."I guess you wonder why we are here ? " I nodded my head , well , I knew why was he here , but why was I here ?"Well the thing is , even if I know how to take down the dragon , I still have no credit that I will get away alive from this tournament (my breath froze and I bit my lower lip , knowing from the books how many people died and they were way older than Harry , he's still under the age and still taking part in it ) and I want you to know that these past weeks meant a lot me to have you by my side ... a lot " . Before I could reply his lips crashed into mine and melted right away , I wrapped my arms around his neck and his arms wrapped around my waist not breaking the kiss , it was AMAZING , MAGICAL , PERFECT , it was my first kiss with the boy I was in love with , what could I ask for more ? ."Wish me luck ? " he smirked after a couple of minutes when we finally let go , grinning like idiots ."Show them what you got to win " I smirked back , kissing him one last time before he was gone and I went to the stands to cheer for him , after the show I couldn't resist anymore so when he came back into the tent I threw my arms around him and he picked me up and spun me around ."Harry , you were amazing , you did it , I'm so proud of you ! ""Well , I had my luck with me and I had you " we kissed and we stayed like that for a while until we heard some coughs behind us , we broke apart and slowly turned to see Ron with his face down and eyes on the ground , Harry's arms were still wrapped around my waist and mine's ones around his neck , neither of us letting go ."What do you want Ron ? " he asked with a cold voice"I ... uhhh ... well I see you're kinda busy ... but I wanted to say that you were amazing Harry and ... I believe you didn't put your name in the goblet ... and I'm truly sorry for all the things I've said and done , and hope you can forgive me one day ... ""Took you long enough to figure it out ""Yeah , you know my mind needs some time to process all the things ... sorry ""Still took you long enough ""I know ... I'm sorry ... Hermione I'm sorry for putting you in the middle of this , guess it was hard for you too ""It wasn't easy for me that's right , but hey ! We stay together we suffer together " I said speaking for the first time , these past weeks had been a pain in the butt , but they made me realize why we are being called 'the Golden Trio' together we are stronger , even if Ronald shouldn't be forgiven so easily , it was clear that we fight together whatever the situation is , better than if we fight alone also in some weird way he brought me and Harry closer than I ever imagined or dreamed to happen I will never forget that :)"Thank you Hermione really ... Harry ? " he asked hopefully , I saw how he was hesitating to say something , but he shrugged then grinned at the ginger boy ."...Mates... ? ""Mates ! " said Ron with his face all lit up like it was his turn to open the Christmas gifts or he just saw Viktor Krum passing by , all three of us made a group hug and we went out of the tent to see Harry's score .It couldn't be better than now me and Harry were an official couple , 'the Golden Trio' was back again and Harry was already forgiven by the school except the Slytherins ... but it wasn't all honey and sugar ... as time passed on and more people found out about us , they've turned their backs saying that we are too young , that we don't know what we are doing , that he puts me to a great danger , that I keep him from his training to fight the dark lord , that he keeps me from studying to remain the brightest witch of my age and I'm talking about people like Hagrid , professor McGonagall , Mr and Mrs Weasley , Dumbledore , Lupin , heck even Sirius said that it's not a good thing for us to have a public relationship .Really tired of all this bullshit , me , Harry and Ron (I know it's hard to believe, but he remained with us ignoring his mother's annoyance , guess he learned his lesson) oh poor Ron he was fighting with his family every day , they were facing money problems , BIG money problems , they've told their kids not to stay around us anymore so they wouldn't be in danger and his big brother Percy (Mr Oh-I-am-so-perfect-in-every-thing-I-do) as fast as he was promoted in the Ministry he left the Weasley's saying that they aren't good enough for his standards so together all three of us decided one thing ... we are better on the run instead of staying here feeling like in a cage with every move being watched , literally .Every day one of the teachers had something important to say to us making it impossible for me , Harry and Ron to share a moment together , I'm not even speaking about a moment alone with Harry as we were hardly seeing each other and when we did it was only for a couple of minutes until someone shows up and bothers us with something that's supposed to be urgent when it really wasn't .Right before the second task 'the Golden Trio' packed it's things and disappeared with no trace , into nowhere , so after two years of missing (technically it's one full year and five months , so almost two years ) we are back wiser , more powerful and more closer than ever . Let's hope the world is prepared for the new 'Golden Trio' after a long timed absence .My name is Hermione Jean Granger soon to be Hermione Jean Potter and this is my story .
