AN: This is my first ever fan-fic. Please be gentle! All recognizable locations and people belong to the Goddess J.K. Rowling. It was Saturday, and like every Saturday for the last 70 years, Hermione was getting ready to meet with her lady friends. It started as an escape, just a few hours a week to be around other women and get away from the men in her life. It soon became a ritual that not only Hermione depended on but all the women in the group needed.This week Hermione was excited, almost more so than when she told the girls she was pregnant for the first time. She had an idea that had grabbed her and kept her up at nights, not that she was sleeping well for 87 years old, but that was besides the point.This week the girls were all meeting at her house, her husband was doing Merlin knows what but he left to give them their "girl time." The fireplace flashed green as Ginny stepped out of the floo. The once fiery red-head had a very beautiful mane of silver hair. She was still small and the laugh lines on her face showed that despite surviving a war at the age of 16 she had a good and happy life."Hey, Ginny, you look lovely!" Hermione told her with a hug. "Save it 'Mione, what had you so excited, I could see you practically bouncing around your house just based on your letter?" Hermione laughed and the sound was like a spring breeze blowing through wind chimes. "Patience Gin, when everyone has arrived I will reveal my discover" Hermione was interrupted by the floo announcing the arrival of Luna.Instead of immediately greeting Luna, both Ginny and Hermione gave her an odd look. Luna hadn't changed much since Hogwarts, her eccentricities were well known throughout the world after the books she had published. But this week Luna was wearing an eye-patch! "Um Luna," Ginny began, "did something happen to your eye that you didnt tell us about?" Luna smiled her trademark mysterious smile, "No. A new creature has been discovered, its called the Ball-bellied Penbroke. And you are only able to see it with one eye! I was going to curse my eye shut but my husband convinced me an eye patch would do the trick. You should all wear an eye patch too!" Hermione rolled her eyes and chuckled a little, she was grateful that some things never changed. She was saved from having to respond by the last lady of thier group arriving.Pansy stepped out of the floo and gave each of her friends a hug. Hermione still couldnt believe how close she and Pansy were after everything that happened in Hogwarts. But that is the miraculous thing about time. It heals wounds and opens up avenues one would always think should be closed."With all of us here now, you ladies will never guess what I found after going through some of my old things" Hermione placed a set of 7 books on the table. "Honestly 'Mione, you are all excited about a bunch of books? Why am I not surprised?" "These are not any books Pans, these are my journals from the time the war ended until now. I thought they were gone with that fire we had a few years ago, but I am excited, I have a legacy to leave the children, and the grandchildren."With this all the ladies started talking at once. "I didnt know you kept journals." "I have jouranls too!" After a few moments of talking over one another, the excitement died down enough and Ginny spoke up. "We all kept journals, I think we should read Hermiones, and when we are finished with them we move on to the next persons. I have a feeling that some of the things we have written about overlap and we can get perspective, but more importantly, it will be fun to remember some of the important times in our lives. Do you ladies agree?"With all her friends in agreement, Hermione grabbed the first journal. She felt 17 again just for a moment, as if she had used a time turner and was transported back to that first entry. She knew it would be full of hope, heartache, discovery, friendship and all her hopes and dreams. She took a breath and began reading.
