I do not nor will I ever (sigh) own Harry Potter. All rights are reserved to the amazing J. K. Rowling. PROLOGUEI sit at the breakfast table with my head in my hands, moaning."Stop moaning and just do it! Your father will help you! Honestly Olivia! It's just gardening!" My mom says sternly as she places a heaping plate of fresh fruitI look between the gap in my fingers and sniff the air hopefully. I lower my hands excitedly."FOOD!" I yell doing a small happy dance.I rush to dig in but my mom pulls it away. "Only if you do the garden!" She says waving her finger and I roll my eyes.For the first 11 years of my life I have been raised in a normal wizarding household. Filled with magic, I grew to love it and I waited most impatiently for the day that I turned 11. I witsfully daydreamed of Hogwarts, new friends, being able to perform magic, Quidditch and most of all a boyfriend.All of my family looks alike. My mom Charlotte has short dirty blonde hair that's usually pinned back, she also has big light blue eyes framed with long blonde lashes that caught the light perfectly in the summer. She was a short plump woman, like any mother, who loved a clean house and strangely enough a neat garden even though she hated gardening. My dad Eric was a shorter man with balding light ashy brown hair, his eyes were blue too but a deep still navy. His yes were framed with thick dark lashes so unlike my mothers, but were still gorgeous none the less. He loved Quidditch and played chaser in his day.Now as I was raised in family of 4 children, 2 older sisters and 1 older brother, so I thought that romance was normal. I mean I grew up with my 2 older sister Samantha and Jenny bring home or talk about boys non stop. Sam being 16 was boy crazy but had settled down with her long time boyfriend for 2 years Felix. She had inherited my dad's ashy brown hair colour but had my mothers light blue eyes and eyelashes. Her light brown hair is always up in a high ponytail that falls just past her neck.Jenny was still only 15 and therefore entirely insane! I swear she goes through boys like I go through books, Way to fast! She has a new boyfriend every 2 weeks and is always entirely in love. I roll my eyes at her, mom says I'll be like her when I'm that age, but I hope not. Jenny has my mothers blonde hair that falls to her shoulders, she has my dad's lashes and eye colour. Her hair is always down in natural waves.Even my brother Reese was slowly starting to notice pretty girls at age 13. His major crush on Mindy, the neighbour, was proof of that. They had been chatting a lot recently and he was trying to work up the courage to ask her out. I roll my eyes at him too, boys were dumb. He was in that awkward pre-growthspurt stage so he was lanky and well weird! He has my dad's everything! The only thing that links him to mom is his blonde lashes.I have long blonde hair that falls past my shoulder blades. My big bright light blue eyes are hidden behind my glasses. I'm the only one in my family that has them and that's because of my addiction of reading in the dark. My eyes are framed with my dad's dark lashes. I have a round face and pudgy pink cheeks, that I hate. I literally hate my so-called 'figure'. My mom tries to soothe me by showing her pictures of her and dad when they were young. My whole family was chubby until their major growth spurts. It's in my genes to be curvy. I have accepted that at least I have a figure. Most girls that are skinny don't have that! I think to myself smugly."FOOD!" I yell doing a small happy dance.I rush to dig in but my mom pulls it away. "Only if you do the garden!" She says waving her finger and I roll my eyes.I groan and nod. She pushes the breakfast back at me and I dig in. Savouring each bite, trying to make the time pass slower. I hate gardening. Ugh, it's horrid! I mean I could be doing something actually fun! My mom notices my slowness and scowls."Eat it up quick!" she says glowering.I know I'm busted so I inhale the rest and quickly hop off the stool and run to the garden. I rush outside and breath in the fresh air. I sit down on the old stump and watch the tiny gnomes pop their heads out of their burrows. I pull my eyebrows together and stick out my tongue at them. They respond by showing me their butts. I roll my eyes and pull my long blonde hair into a messy ponytail."Dad!" I yell impatiently."Coming honey!" He yells back.I jump up and rush to get the dragon hide gloves and the old apron and run outside."Olivia?" he asks."Here dad! Let's go and de-gnome this stupid garden." I say with a perfect scowl."For 11 years old you sure have a lot of sass" He says smiling.I grin and pull him towards our small garden. We start to de-gnome the garden one by one. It was dull work. I got tired very fast and started to get lazy after the first 6.I look up at the bright blue sky and see a handsome tawny owl soar through the sky and into our kitchen window. I scrunch up my big blue eyes."Are you expecting mail today Dad?" I ask questioningly.My dad works in the ministry in the Department of Magical Transportation. He usually deals with apparition and apparition tests as well as the Floo Powder Network. Sometimes he gets a really exciting case about splinching though. I love to help him with his cases when I can. My mom a healer and is always busy with something or another, but it has benefits, especially for someone as accident prone as me."Did you get another splinching case dad? Did you? Did you?" I ask suddenly excited."No" he says frowning.My mom pops her head out of the kitchen window and says with a big grin on her face "You might want to come in!"I squeal! "Do you think it's my Hogwarts letter? Do ya!? Oh I'm so excited!" I yell running in the kitchen.My mom is holding a thick letter beaming. I rush to her and jump up and down."Is it mom? Is it?!" I ask still jumping.She holds it out and a thick letter with yellow parchment and a big scarlet seal stands out in front of me. I gasp and my hands shake slightly as I turn it around. I see neat loopy writing in emerald ink, I read the address out loud."Mrs. O. Williams, 2nd largest bedroom second floor, row house 7, otter st. catchpole, Devon, England. Wow they even know that I have the 2nd largest bedroom!" I say gasping as words fail me."Ah Dumbledore doesn't miss anything" My mom say winking.My hands shake horribly as I break open the heavy seal. This is so cool! Two pieces of parchment slip out and I eagerly place them on the counter.HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYHeadmaster: Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock,Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)Dear Ms. Williams,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagallDeputy HeadmistressHOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYUNIFORMFirst-year students will require:1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings)Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags.COURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1)by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magicby Bathilda BagshotMagical Theoryby Adalbert WafflingA Beginner's Guide to Transfigurationby Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungiby Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potionsby Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Themby Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protectionby Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set glass or crystal phials1 telescope1 set brass scalesStudents may also bring, if they desire, an owl OR a cat OR a toad.PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARSARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICK"Aw no brooms?" I say sighing."First years aren't allowed to play Quidditch you know that!" Dad says. "Plus everyone can beat you at keeper!" He says laughing."Hey!" I yell angrily holding up my fist."You make a fair chaser though!" He says in an afterthought.I glance up at both their grinning faces and, as once again words fail me, I both run up and give them ginormous hugs!"I can't wait! I can go right?" I say in a small voice."Of course! We couldn't bear to see you go anywhere else other then Hogwarts!" my mom says happily."I can't wait to be in Gryffindor! 'Where dwell the brave at heart!' Just like you guys!" I say running upstairs to my room."Wait if I can't have a broom can I have a pet? Like a cat? Ohh a little itty bitty kitty! Mommy pleeeaaasssee! Daddy pleeeaaassssee!" I shout giving them my puppy dog eyes."Well think about it" My mom laughs.Jenny runs downstairs her brush in her hair. "What's all the noise about?" She says grumpily.She she's the letter and our beaming faces as comprehension dawns on her face. "Oh! Liv I'm so excited we can go shopping together! And even though I'll be in 5th year and you'll be in 1st we'll still hang out! Oh another new Gryffindor! How exciting I have to tell all my friends like Stacy and Lindsey! Maybe I'll even send an owl to Jeff, I don't know though I think I'm going to break up with him. Maybe I'll just double up the letters." She drifts off thoughtfully, her purple hairbrush still hanging out of her short blonde hair.Sam comes running down her medium blonde hair trailing out behind her. "Did someone say Hogwarts? Did your letter come? Oh that's great! I'll tell Felix and all the other 6th years! Congrats sis!" She says smiling brightly.Reese comes downstairs rubbing his head angrily. "Did you hit your head on the stair frame again?" I laugh."Maybe" He says thickly "Anyways congrats on your letter. I heard them squealing up stairs when I hit my he-" he stops shortly at our poorly concealed grins. "Never mind" he says grumpily.I skip upstairs laughing merrily my head buzzing with questions.Ah to be at Hogwarts already...
