First chapter right here! I have also posted the second chapter. Please review, it means so much to me! Enjoy!A Start to Something New"You look beautiful, Astoria," Lady Greengrass said to her youngest daughter. It was to be her first appearance into pureblood society and Astoria must look beautiful if she was to wed a wealthy husband. Lord Greengrass had made Mrs. Greengrass vow to never trade their two daughters off to men. The Greengrasses were very influential and had an enviable gene pool, making them a desirable match for any suitor. The elder Greengrass saw no reason to marry them off when they could pick their choice of any man they wanted. The only family that was close in power were the Malfoy's, and they were considered the Greengrasses' equals."Thank you mummy," the timid girl replied. Astoria was eight and hadn't yet come out of her shell. Lady Greengrass had hoped the social party would encourage her lovely daughter to come out of her shell. With as timid as she was, she would no doubt be put in Ravenclaw instead of Slytherin and proper pureblood ladies were in Slytherin. But as Astoria stood shyly by her mother while they waited to floo to Nott Manor, Lady Greengrass realized that she may have to warm up to the idea of a daughter in Ravenclaw. It wasn't as bad as Hufflepuff and Gryffindor but it wasn't Slytherin."Is Daddy coming?" Lady Greengrasses' pride and joy, Daphne, asked. Daphne was already naturally beautiful and she was the exact example of a young pureblood lady. Astoria was still young and therefore not very beautiful and though Astoria may be respectful, her shyness and unwillingness to speak would cause the other ladies to find her rude."No, my darling, he and the other men will be in the study, talking of business and such. You and Astoria will spend the evening with the other pureblood children." Daphne pouted but didn't say anything as they flooed to the Nott's Manor."Draco darling, come here before the other families arrived," Narcissa Malfoy told her young boy to do. He wasn't old enough to be the with adults but when the purebloods arrived, they must see the Malfoys as a united and powerful family.The other families part in the elite pureblood society arrived little by little until all the proper families were in the Great Hall of Nott Manor. "Mother," Draco started, "who is that over there in the corner?""That, Draco, is one of the most powerful families in society, other than ourselves. It would make your father and I delighted if you were to marry one of their daughters." Draco continued to rudely stare at the two young ladies. Girls weren't foreign to Narcissa's ten-year-old son, but these young ladies were very pretty and obviously caught Draco's attention if they could get the boy's attention for more than a few moments."What are their names, Mother?" Draco said as he finally looked up from the two young ladies."The girl with blonde hair is Daphne Greengrass and the one with the darker hair is her younger sister, Astoria. Daphne will be in your year when you go to Hogwarts." Draco continued to study the ladies, his eyes resting on the quiet and mysterious Astoria while Daphne chatted away with her mum."May we greet them, Mother?" Draco asked. Narcissa grinned to herself. Her son was interested in the very family they wanted to connect with. Lucius and Victor Greengrass had been friends since Hogwarts and Narcissa and Alexandria had known each other since Alexandria was a Yaxley. The Greengrasses were as rich and powerful as the Malfoys and they two united in matrimony would benefit both families greatly. If Victor Greengrass wasn't so against their daughters husbands chosen for them, Daphne would probably be in an arranged marriage to Draco Malfoy."We may," Narcissa replied. Even though she looked like a fragile woman, Narcissa Malfoy had known how to use her power since she was a Black child. Her voice was always cold towards her son and though she and her husband gave him everything he desired, they didn't love their young child like parents ought to."Narcissa, Draco," a woman greeted them. She spoke in the same manner as Draco's mother. It made him wonder if all pureblood women spoke with no emotions such as these two, or if, perhaps, the two women had learned their proper ways from one another."Alexandria," Draco's mother acknowledged. "And these must be your beautiful daughters.""Yes this," she said pointing to a taller and blonder girl, "is my beautiful Daphne. She will be in Slytherin with Draco in a year. And this," she said with obvious disdain towards the petite and dark haired girl, "is my youngest, Astoria. She is two years Draco's junior. She will be spending the evening with Draco and Daphne, though if she says more than a few words I shall be surprised. Astoria is very quiet and I will astounded with Draco if he turns that around."Narcissa smiled a sickenly sweet smile. "Well," she said, choosing her words carefully, "I think Draco will be more than capable in getting beautiful, young Astoria to speak."Young Draco replied, "Whatever you wish, Mother."Second Chapter is also up! Also, I have written a Draco-Astoria oneshot for all you Drastoria lovers! These first two chapters show how the two meet but Draco and Astoria won't be a couple for a while but they will be! You'll just have to continue reading. ;) Please review, I love my reviewers so much!~Beautifully Falling
