DISCLAIMER: I do not own Harry Potter or any of the other characters, just my own story.Malfoy was impossible. I mean, Harry hadn't exactly expected a thank you after he saved his life, spoke in his favor at his trial, or returned his wand, but a little courtesy or gratitude would have sufficed. But no, Malfoy was the same as he had been in school, a git with a head much to big. Harry thought in school that his dream was to become an Auror, but after the war Harry really wanted to settle down with some peace and quiet, so he opened a shop in Diagon Alley called "Across the Board" simply because it had a little of everything, from potions to broomsticks and, due to Hermione's begging, even a small library. Now, one might think, with Harry owning his own shop and minding his own business, why would he ever see Malfoy? Well, Malfoy had a son, Braxton, and his son adored Harry's shop. Whenever the two were in the area, Brax insisted they go see Harry. Malfoy, of course stuck up his nose whenever he saw Harry, making it clear he'd burn the shop to ashes if he ever got the chance. Draco was respectable, after the war, he made his own name for himself and became the head auror and started setting a new standard of living for himself. His wife didn't approve and left him with Braxton. Braxton was raised like every other child, and not taught to hate others, such was Draco's upbringing. Draco was always proud that he rose to greatness after the war and Potter fell from it. Harry understood why Malfoy was the way he was around Harry, and in general. Harry knew how broken Malfoy was after his wife had left him. He was now trying to prove something to the wizarding world, that he could be a good person, a good father. Harry knew that already though. He didn't need Malfoy trying to rub it in. Harry liked the solitude of his life. He didn't really wanna date and he didn't really want to be famous anymore. Unfortunately for Harry, he always seemed to be famous...Draco couldn't believe the headlines: HARRY POTTER, GAY! Apparently some close friend of Harry's went out with a reporter and got drunk and let slip one of Harry's well hidden secrets. Draco laughed, maybe this was the perfect time to go and get Braxton the things he's been wanting from Potter's.Harry was MISERABLE! He's had reporters at his shop all day! He's had howlers, screaming, hexing girls, and other gay men wanting to capture his attention. And just then, the last person he wanted to see strolled in."What do you want, Malfoy?" Harry growled."Relax, Potter," Malfoy smirked, "I'm just here to get some parcels for Braxton. A little bird told me you've had some bad press lately...""Whatever," Harry huffed, "Get what you want and get out, I'm closing the shop for a while.""All because someone spilled your secret?" Malfoy seemed genuinely shocked."Not that it's any of your business, but I've just about had my bullocks hexed off multiple times today from angry, screaming girls. I've had howlers telling me to be ashamed of myself, and have had gay men drooling at my feet. This is not what I wanted to happen. I've wanted to live a quiet life since the war. This is not quiet," Harry sighed in defeat, "Are you done?"Malfoy nodded silently and placed the items on the register."Just take them. Tell Braxton I say hello, I hope he enjoys them."Malfoy looked stunned, and left without a word. Harry closed the blinds and locked the doors and went to his loft above the shop, laid down, and tried to drown out the noise.
