AN: I'm always reading and falling in love with some of these story so I was like "Hey let me give it try." So please don't discriminate me I'm just trying.Chapter 1: PrologueLucius and Narcissa Malfoy sits in Lucius study as they watched their son goes through a painful transformation that lasted more than six hours. Narcissa was the first at her son side when he awaken."Draco love how you feel? Are you alright?" she asked as she pushed him back as he tired to sit up in the chair."Mom I'm alright." he said as he sit up. He hissed from the lil pain he was still feeling.Narcissa and Lucius had a hard time moving him because of the pain he was in.Lucius called Minky and order her to bring a mirror to him. "Would you like to see your appearance before we get down to the important things.""Why? I'm sure I look the same." He took the mirror and couldn't believe his eyes. He had shoulders had getting broader, his eyes turned a liquid silver and he grown at least five inches. He once thought that he was breathtaking but he don't know how to describe himself now."So did you had a dream" asked his mother."Yes i did had a dream but I dont understand why Granger was in my dream""No, this can't be right" Narcissa said. Then she turned to Lucius "I thought that this doesn't worked with mud-blood. This have to be a mistaked""It does. Thats means she is an ancestor of one of the founders or a pureblood" explained Lucius."Mother, father what are you'll talking about?" questioned Draco."Son, Ms. Granger is your mate. She is your equal Draco." said Lucius calmed."But she's a mudblood father plus she one three of the Golden Trio. You get to be frecking kidding me""Draco watch you language in the front of your mother." said Narcissa as she pinched his ears."What will the Dark Lord think with my mate being the brightest witch of our age?" He showed fear for a split second before it was cover up. The room get cold in that same second."What can I say about that when I have get plans for you, Young Malfoy? said Lord Voldermolt.The Malfoy family bowed "My Lord""I hope I'm not intrupting anything important" he stated."No my lord, you are always welcome in our home" said his most faithful member."Young Draco Malfoy, I have a new mission for you" he said with a wide smirk on his face."Yes my lord, I'm listening." said Young Draco.
