I wake up and I look myself in the mirror. I have black hair and silver grey eyes like my father. I am, as my family would describe "very good-looking I have the aristocratic, somewhat haughty Black good looks". My aunt Andromeda says I have my father's appearance and my mother's personality. I don't know if that's true, I never met her. She left me with my aunt when I was very young, around one year old. They adopted me and raised me like I was their child. Few years later Ted, my aunt's husband, told me she died trying to make this world a better place. I hope she is on a better place now.I wish I could tell the same about my father. He is now slowly rotting in Azkaban; I haven't seen him face to face, just in photos they showed me. I don't know how long he is going to be there, and when I asked, they wouldn't tell me. I have to lie when people asked me about my father, I would tell he and my mother died on a car accident.I wash my teeth and go back to my room. My bed is at the right with a desk next to it and wardrobe next to it. I have posters all over the room, one of them is from my favorite soccer team, Manchester United, and other is from the British quidditch team.Yeah, I'm a wizard, just like everyone in my family, except for my uncle. My aunt Andromeda is a witch, my cousin Nymphadora is a metamorphmagus, she can change her appereance whenever she wants. My uncle is what we call "muggle", meaning he has no magic powers. My and my mother were wizards too. They assisted to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. When I got my letter from the wizards school I was so excited, I know it must sound foolish, but somehow going to Hogwarts makes me feel closer to my parents. Today we are going to buy my school material.I wear a white t-shirt, blue jeans and trainers, nothing fancy. I go downstairs and find that breakfast is ready. Some eggs and orange juice is waiting me at the table."God morning, Tony" my aunt Dromeda greets me. My real name is Anthony Cygnus, but she calls me Tony to make it short. Someone hardly calls me Cygnus." Are you ready to buy your school material?""Yes" I say, excited."Hurry up, then"I eat breakfast as fast as I can. I barely chew my eggs and drink my juice in one sip. She smiles at my enthusiasm. I haven't told anyone this but, the fact I am joining Hogwarts makes me feel a bit closer to him. He studied there, in the very same walls. I want to be in Gryffindor just like him.We use the Red flu and within seconds we are on Diagon Alley. There were a lot of shops all over the place. You could see a lot of people wearing robes of different colors. We reached Gringotts, the snowy-white building with bronze doors, which towered the rest of the shops. Besides the door there was a goblin with uniform. In the entrance you could see sign:Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greedFor those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn,So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there.I wonder if someone has tried to steal from here. Probably not, they say it's almost impossible to rob them. You have to be very stupid or crazy to even try. A goblin, named Griphook took us to my aunts safe. Inside there were mounds of Galleons, columns of Sickles, and heaps of Knuts. I wouldn't say we are very wealthy, I would say we are a hard working family. I piled some to the bag I brought, and we take off to buy the material."Let's get your uniform" Dromeda said,nodding towards Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions. "Do you want me to come with you or would you rather go by yourself?""Wait for me outside."I entered the shop alone, feeling nervous.Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve."Hogwarts, dear?" She said when I was about to speak. I nodded. "Follow me."Madam Malkin stood me on a stool, slipped a long robe over his head and began to pin it to the right length. A few minutes later, she was done and I bought her all the uniform.We bought my school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with nothing in them at all. We also buy a cauldron, a set of glass or crystal phials, a telescope and a set brass scales at the apothecary. The only thing missing is my magic wand. That's what I been waiting for all day.The last shop was narrow and shabby. Peeling gold letters over the door read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382 BC. A single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window. A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as we stepped inside. It was a tiny place, full of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling."Good afternoon" said the soft old man who was standing before us, his wide, pale eyes shining like moons through the gloom of the shop."Hello" I said awkwardly."Ah yes" said the man." Yes. I thought I'd be seeing you soon, Anthony Black. You look just like your father.""I do  I guess" I mumble."Well, now Mr. Black. Let me see." He pulled a long tape measure with silver markings out of his pocket. "Which is your wand arm?""Err well, I'm right-handed" I said."Hold out your arm. That's it" He measured me from shoulder to finger, then wrist to elbow and knee to armpit. As he measured, he said, "Every Ollivander wand has a core of a powerful magical substance, Mr. Black. We use unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers and the heartstrings of two Ollivander wands are the same. Right then, Mr. Black. Try this one. Silver lime and phoenix feather. Twelve and a half inches. Quite take it and give it a wave."I took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit. I felt sudden warmth in his fingers. I raised the wand above my head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. My aunt whopped and clapped, happily.He put my wand back into its box and wrapped it in brown aunt paid seven gold Galleons for his wand and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his shop.We were about to leave when I see him: dark messy hair, round glasses, everyone is trying to talk to him. Yeah, I couldn't be other than Harry Potter. I look at him with disgust; he is probably enjoying all his fame I hate it. I heard he is living with some muggles. He probably doesn't know about You-Know-Who and my father.I lose his head on the crowd that surround him; I turn my attention to Aunt Dromeda, who is asking me if we should go on bus or on a taxi cab. I tell her to choose the one she wants. We arrive exhausted to the house and I excuse myself and lock myself on my bedroom. I put all my stuff on a trunk and go to sleep.In the last months of vacations, I spent most of my time reading my school books, they were very interesting. I laid on bed reading late into the night, until I finished reading all of them.I woke at five o'clock the morning of the departure and I was too excited and nervous to go back to sleep. Got up and pulled on some jeans because I didn't want to walk into the station with my wizard robes, I would change on the train. Two hours later the rest of the family woke up and they loaded my trunk in my uncle's car.We reached King's Cross at half past ten. Uncle Ted took my trunk and put it on a trolley and wheeled it to the station for me. We face the platforms and I was confused. There was Platform Nine and Platform Ten there was no Nine and three-quarters. Aunt Dromeda should have seen my puzzled face because she laughed."Come on, I will show you how to do it. All you have to do is walk straight at the barrier between platforms nine and ten. Don't stop and don't be scared you'll crash into it, that's very important.""Are you sure?" I asked unconvinced."Yes. I will do it with you.""All right"We ran into the barrier and I waited for a crash but it never came. A scarlet steam engine was waiting next to a platform packed with people. A sign overhead said Hogwarts Express, 11 o'clock. Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd, while cats of every color wound here and there between their hooted to each other in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and the scraping of heavy trunks."Well. I guess this is the goodbye for now" I tell my aunt."Yeah" she says sadly. "I will see you on Christmas." She kisses my forehead and leaves me alone.The first few carriages were already packed with students, some hanging out of the window to talk to their families, some fighting over seats. I pushed my trolley off down the platform in search of an empty seat.I pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train. I lift my trunk up the steps. I sat down next to the window, waiting for the train to leave. The door of the compartment slid open and Harry Potter and a young red-headed boy came in."The last thing I needed, sharing compartment with Harry Potter." I thought."Anyone sitting there?" Harry asked, pointing at the seat opposite to me, I shook head and they sat down."Are you really Harry Potter?" The red- headed boy blurted out.Harry nodded."Oh  well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George's jokes."Who are they? His brothers, maybe? I turn my attention back to the window when I hear them talk to me."What's you name?" Harry asks me."Anthony Black" I answer, coldly."I am Ron Weasley, and this is Harry Potter the" says the red- headed boy."I know who he is" I interrupt. "He is very famous among wizards.""So Weasley, Right? I think I have heard about your family. Your father works in the Ministry of Magic with muggle stuff." I tell"Yes. The job is more boring than you imagine.""How many brothers do you have?""Five older brothers: Bill, Charlie, Percy, Fred and George. One younger sister: Ginny.""Sounds like fun" Harry says"It's a chaos."The three of us laugh and we fall half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, "Anything off the trolley, dears?"Ron's ears went pink and he muttered that he'd brought sandwiches. I bought Bertie Bott's Every-Flavour Beans, Drooble's Best Blowing Gum, Chocolate Frogs, Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.I tippled all over an empty seat and offered them to pick some. We ate the Chocolate Frogs and they started to talk about the wizard collection Ron had started. I wasn't paying attention I prefer to look at the window. I eat some Bertie Bott's Every-Flavour Beans and the door slip open."Has anyone seen a toad? Neville's lost one" she said. She had a bossy sort of voice and lots of bushy brown hair. She was already wearing her new Hogwarts robes."We haven't seen it" Ron says."I'm Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you?""Ron Weasley" Ron mutters."Harry Potter" said Harry."Anthony Black" I tell her."Anyway, we'd better go and look for Neville's toad and you better change, you know, I expect we'll be there soon.""Wait for me" I shout. "I will help you to find his toad. Let me change first."I change quickly and we leave Harry and Ron alone. I walk through the corridor asking people if they had seen a toad."Do you know what house you'll be in?" said Hermione."Gryffindor, I hope""Me too,Gryffindor, it sounds by far the best, but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldn't be too bad. Did you hear about Gringotts? It's been all over the Daily Prophet. Someone tried to rob a highly secure vault."I stared."Really? What happened to them?""Nothing, that's why it's such big news. They haven't been caught.""Well, they are probably the stupidest and bravest people on earth."I come to the conclusion that I definitely like Hermione. Ron and Harry aren't bad people; I might be friend of Ron and Harry.I went back to the compartment and I found three more boys."I'd be careful if I were you, Potter" a voice said "You're a bit politer or you'll go the same way as your parents. They didn't know what was good for them, either""What's going on here?" I interrupt."Nothing" a pale blonde answer." We were about to leave."He leaves and I stare at Harry and the Ron. They both look angry."What happened here?" I ask."Draco Malfoy came here trying to convince me to be his friend" Harry saidSo my little cousin is here. I wonder if he knows we are related. We never really talked about the rest of my family, but my aunt once showed me the family tree and Narcissa Malfoy was there. She is my aunt too, that makes Draco my cousin."That's pathetic" I mutter. "Even for him. He is desperate for attention."I peered out of the window. It was getting train seems to be slowing down.A voice echoed through the train: "We will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutes'. Please leave your luggage on the train; it will be taken to the school separately."The train slowed right down and finally stopped. People pushed their way towards the door to get out. A tiny, dark a lamp came bobbing over the heads of the students and I heard a familiar voice: " First-years! First-years over here!"Hagrid's big hairy face beamed over the sea of heads.Slipping and stumbling, we followed Hagrid down what seemed to be a steep, narrow path. Nobody spoke much. Neville, the boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once or twice. The narrow path had opened suddenly on to the edge of a great black lake. Perched atop a high mountain on the other side, its windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers."No more than four to a boat!" Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the , Ron and I were followed into the boat by Hermione and Harry. Then the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, gliding across the lake, which was as smooth as glass. Everyone was silent, staring up at the great castle overhead.They were carried along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the castle,until we reached a kind of under-ground shore. Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle door.!Hello everyone! This is my first fanfiction of the Harry Potter series. Lately I have been wondring what would it be like if Sirius had a son. First of all, English is not my first language, so if you find any spelling or grammar mistake let me know. Second, forgive my lack of language. Last but not least, I would to hear what you think so far. Do I change something? Tell me what you think in a review.-Lobo Sombra
