AN: I don't own Harry Potter or its characters. I was inspired to write this by a story of anorexia among males. I lost count by how many times I have re-written this to make it sound right. Written in journal entries. Day one,I normally never write in a journal, but what the hell, why not. At least the thing is masculine looking, or else I would not be writing in it. I was given this journal today by Healer Muller. Healer Muller is one of Healers at St. Bennings research center in London. It helps all sorts of Disorders, like self-harm, Eating Disorders, and all sorts of addictions like drugs and sex. I was admitted here because of my parents. People think I have Anorexia, and I have to admit that they are right. I did not believe it before until now; I thought I was doing something right for myself, I thought I looked pretty damn good. That was until last month in February when my family decided to have an intervention of sorts for me. They had special permission to do that by the Headmaster at Hogwarts. I was pretty pissed at them at first, but after a few hours I began to understand that I had a problem. Even the school nurse was there. She explained that I was working my body too hard. She explained that there is a limit on how much the body can take when exercising, and I was over doing it. Exercising like the way I was could cause damage to my body. Permanent damage that can one day kill me if I do not slow down. I was put in St. Bennings Eating Disorder (ED) Hall, in the all-male ward. Guys who also have eating disorders are there, basically no girls in the area (Males have their own room; while the girls have like three on this floor). That part makes it better because all my support here is by other guys, others who understand what is going on with me.I am Albus Potter; I am 15 years old, and the middle son of Harry and Ginny Potter. I have two siblings, an older brother; James, and a younger sister; Lily. I started dieting when I was ten years old, I still had 'puppy fat' back then and I wanted it all gone when I was teased one day for being called fat. Those words drove me to start losing weight. I only knew of one way to get rid of it then, and that was exercise and dieting. I literally cut all of my food in half. I cut out all fatty foods, and carbs. I didn't start lifting until a year later when I was eleven, so I added protein only. I only ate on small portions and that was it.Healer Muller said that I can write in this journal about anything I want. So to start off.I am Anorexic, there I have confessed it. Healer Muller said that confession when you have an Eating Disorder is the first step to recovery.Today was my first day here. I am bunking with another guy who is a week ahead of me. He is also 15; he is a pretty great guy. His name Andrew, and he is Anorexic just like me, and just like me, he worked his body hard to gain muscle. Today, Healer Muller evaluated me, basically he checked my weight; 85 pounds, and my height; 5 foot 8 inches tall. I have learned that my Anorexia is also my enemy, and I will need all the help and self-control I can get. I hope he is right. I hope I can beat this thing. I have decided to name my Anorexia; Sev. I was going to call it my middle name; Severus, but I decided against it. Sev sounds better as a nickname. Healer Muller liked my nickname for it as well. We have group meetings daily after lunch, I hope it goes well.Day one; part 2.It is the end of my first day. It went pretty well. After lunch was my first ever group meeting. I met a great bunch of guys, there were twenty in all, and they were all different ages. They all range from 14 to 19. That is all of the teenage guys, some just started, some are nearly recovered. Everyone has a story on why they are here, the majority of people who are here is from family interventions. The food here is pretty good, not as good as my grandma, but still good. It was hard to eat the food though, I felt full after a few bites of the sandwich, according to the others, that is normal for a lot of Anorexics. Healer Muller thinks that in a month or two I should start being able to eat more food. Maybe not a lot but at least more than what I am doing. The cafeteria here is huge, and I mean HUGE. It is almost as big as the Great Hall itself. All the people in hospital is there, all in one huge room.My room here is not to bad, one side of the room is mine, the other side is Andrew's. There is a twin size bed, a desk, and a closet. My closet is small, but it can fit a month's worth of clothes inside. There is a bathroom that links to another room. Four guys share that bathroom. That will be interesting. So I have to keep all of my bathroom stuff in my room so I won't lose any of it.This is my home for the next four months now.AlDay twoI am back. Today was my second day at St. Bennings. I spent half the day with Healer Muller, all he did was listen to me. He asked when I started dieting and he didn't seem surprised whenb I said I was ten when I started. He asked a whole bunch of questions like,When did I start dieting? 'I was ten, a bunch of people were saying I was fat. It got to me finally and that was when I stopped eating carbs and fats. I lost a good bit of weight from that.'When did I start lifting? 'I seen magazines where there were guys who buff on the cover and I wanted to look like that.'How do I feel when I exercise? 'I love doing it; it is a big deal to me.'How often do I do it? 'Every day and all day if I can.'Do I find it normal? 'I thought it was normal, it was what I thought was ok to do.'Questions like that were what he asked. He seemed interested in what I said the whole time, he never seemed bored. He even made it interesting like he wanted me to demonstrate what I did when I exercise. He also wanted to see how much I eat and what I did with the food I didn't eat. I guess that is why he was highly qualified for me to see him. I do hope that he will not tell my mum and dad about me hiding the food and chunking it in the trash when they were not looking. I am rather surmised he never raised his voice or asked what I was thinking for throwing away the food and lying to my parents.Healer Anthony Muller notes:Patient name: Albus Severus Potter. Patient Age: 15, Patient Gender: Male.Patient note: Anorexic, wants to build muscle mass.Weight: 85 pounds. Height: 5 foot 8 inches. (Side note: He is severely underweight for a male his age. Hopefully we can get him back into the triple digit by the time he leaves.)Albus has struggled with Anorexia since he was 10 or 11. Started with him being bullied at the age 10. He began working out and cutting out carbs and fatty foods all together. When he was 11, he began using weights as a means to gain muscle, gaining inspiration after looking at a magazine. Eventually, after a few years, he went to not eating at all. He now works out daily nonstop (this is the deadly part of his case, but not uncommon). He had to be hospitalized last summer, had to be tube fed until he could eat whole foods. He went back to his old self of not eating after getting out of the hospital. He said it was hard for him to eat whole food and that he felt full. He is obsessed with working out daily. (Side note: I hope to help him break this habit. To help him cut back). This method of work out is not healthy.He has shown me what workouts he does:Pull ups, pushups, run for 7 to 8 miles, practices football for 2 hours or more a day, and lifts weights. He does all sorts of work outs daily. Leg lifts; chin ups; squats, etc (I want to tell him that he does not have to do all of these in one day. There is a lot that I need to tell him. That will be in another session though.) he got down on his hands and knees and showed me. He admitted to me during the meeting that he did that because he was getting restless.Albus spoke during our first group meeting with him. He was shy though, but at least he spoke without much force. No one gave him a hard time as he spoke, and he never gave any one trouble when it was someone else's turn to speak. His first group meeting went rather well.His case is pretty common case, and I am confident that I will help him get through this during his stay here. By the end of the stay, I hope to have him in the 100's. But there is no time to be over confident about this, every case is different, all I want is for him to turn this into a positive outcome. I hope I can bring that to him. He mentioned in the group meeting that he has to leave class and go to the bathroom just do some sort of work out (pull ups, pushups, run in place) in the bathroom, at almost every class period because he has the urge to move.Healer MullerHarry and Ginny both were seated at the desk of Healer Muller at the hospital. He was the Head healer at St. Bennings Research Center in London, he was highly recommended by the staff at St. Mungo's. So far they liked the man, and Albus seemed to get like him as well. That was important for the two parents." Mr. and Mrs. Potter, we have an excellent Eating Disorder division here," Healer Muller said. "Our adolescent ward is built for young adults such as your son, and he will be with other young men who facing the same Eating Disorder he is going through. We have a few young men who have Anorexia here. Albus will fit in fine here." The healer had a smile on his face, he had a kind expression."What will happen during his stay?" Ginny asked, she had a ton of things she wanted to ask the healer. "I mean how will you help him?"Healer Muller nodded at the question."We will evaluate him, see where his anorexia started," healer Muller told them. "We will help him realize that he has a problem and what he is doing will one day hurt him. We will help him eat right and when he should and should not exercise. We will help him realize that he does not need to exercise as much as he does I do believe we can help him. He is not the first teenage male to go through this.""How long will it take him to get cured?" Harry asked."Albus will cured Mr. Potter," healer Muller said, folding his hands on the desk."So what will you do to help cure him?" Ginny asked before Harry could speak."We will treat him, help him through it," healer Muller said. "We give him the inner strength to help him realize that he can beat Anorexia.""Healer Muller," Harry said. "Will he be allowed to contact his friends?""Of course Mr. Potter, we have an owl service here that he can use," healer Muller said. "They can send an owl to him here as well.""Will we be able to visit him here?" Ginny asked this time."Yes Mrs. Potter, you can visit him on the weekends, but he is not allowed to leave the grounds of the hospital." Healer Muller said to them. "Any more questions I can answer?""No thank you," Ginny said. "I have a ton of them but. I don't know where to start.""You can owl them any time you like," Muller said."Thank you for your time healer Muller," Harry said standing up and he shook the healers hand.AN: I do hope you all like this. Feel free to comment. The end of chapter 1.
