Hi. My name is Jessamy Potter. I'm the adopted sister to Harry Potter. I'm American. I have long, curly brown hair and light blue eyes. I'm a witch and a terra.I bet you wonder what a terra is. A terra is a magical being that possesses earthlike powers. I can make flowers bloom, create vines, and materialize flowers out of the palm of my hand. I can control any natural thing and any object made out of any natural thing.It comes from my birth parents, who died from the power of Voldemort. You're probably wondering how Lily and James Potter came to be my adoptive parents. Well, it started before I was born. My mother, who was a witch and a terra, traveled to Britain with my father, who was a Muggle, while my mom was pregnant. I was to be born any day now. One night, when they were still on vacation, I was born. They were overjoyed, of course. But my mother thought it would be best to give me away to protect me from Voldemort. My parents gave me away to friends of my mother's. They gave me to Lily and James Potter. My brother, Harry, was a month older than me. A week after my parents gave me away, they died at the grasp of Voldemort. A week after that, Lily and James were killed by Voldemort. He found us and tried to kill Harry, but he couldn't. He gave Harry a scar on his forehead. He gave me nothing but a mental scar. I kept remembering a green light and a horrifying laugh, but nothing else.'I had to go through eleven years with the Dursleys; eleven horrible years.I figured out I was a terra when I was six. I was wandering around in the garden, when I felt this weird feeling. It was a good feeling, but I had never felt it before. Before I knew it, I felt something in my hand. I looked and it was a flower; a rose. It hadn't been there before. I tried to remove it, and as I tried, the stem came out of my hand as well. It scared me at first, but I learned to live with it. I told Harry about it, and even showed him. He was amazed by it, but he told me to keep it secret from the Dursleys. And I did.Then, I found out I was a witch, too. I was ecstatic. I couldn't contain my excitement, which resulted turning the house into a greenhouse. My brother and I also found out what really happened to our parents. They were killed by Voldemort. We were both furious that our aunt and uncle had lied to us; about our parents AND who we really were. We would have left them any day.When my brother and I got to Hogwarts, we felt like the happiest kids in the world. We met Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, our best friends in the world. I took a great liking to Hermione. Sure, we had our differences; but otherwise, we were like peas in a pod. You should have seen her face when she found out I was a terra. "You're a terra?!" she had asked. "Yeah, I am," I said. "Wow! This is amazing! Is it true that you can create flowers out of the palm of your hand?" she asked, incredulous. "Yes, it is. I can show you," I said, smiling. I created a begonia in the palm of my hand; stem and all. I gave Hermione the flower and she looked surprised and kind of creeped out. "Thanks. Does it hurt?" she asked after I handed her the flower. "Not very much, only when I produce a lot at the same time, like a bouquet," I said.The worst part about that whole first year was Draco Malfoy. He was hopelessly in love with me. But, of course, I actually had a right mind and I wasn't in love with him. He hated my brother. Loathed him. I wasn't going to be with him if he was going to make fun of my family. He was in love with me all through school, even in my fourth year when...well...we'll get to that.My first year was amazing, despite the difficulties I encountered. I helped my brother and his friends find the Sorceror's Stone. Harry and I almost died at the clutches if Voldemort; just like our parents had. But Harry defeated him. Well, kind of. He was hurt after the whole encounter. I tried to help him in any way I could, but Madam Pomfrey ended up healing him.My second year was normal, despite the blood writing in the hallways and people being Petrified all the time. When Hermione got Petrified, I stayed with her every moment I could. When Professor Sprout announced that the Mandrake Restorative Draught was complete, I watched Hermione wake up. I hugged her tightly as I cried.In my third year, I discovered even more about my past. I learned that the mass murderer, Sirius Black, was my godfather and that he wasn't really a murderer. He actually offered us to stay with him. I would have said yes, if Lupin hadn't transformed. Oh yeah, our new DATDA (Defense Against The Dark Arts) teacher was a werewolf. Not something you hear everyday. We also went back in time! You don't get to do THAT everyday! Harry finally perfected a Patronus Charm. He was working so hard to master it after he got attacked by dementors twice and fainted. I also learned the Patronus Charm; mine was a fawn.Now, we've come to my fourth year; my favorite and least favorite year. My favorite part: Cedric Diggory fell in love with me when I was in love with him, too. My least favorite part: Voldemort returned. Haven't we had enough of that man?! He wasn't even really a man. He was a monster. And he killed Cedric...or did he? It all started at the Quidditch World Cup...
