I crossed my arms, the sleeves of my second-hand robes coming down almost past my fingertips, as I walked down the aisles of the train. I had heard it called 'The Hogwarts Express' by that random family of gingers standing outside it on Platform 9 3/4. All of the compartments were either full, or had two random boys talking about what would most likely be random stuff-one of them was in the ginger family I had seen before, and looked dumb. I shook my head as I passed them I would rather sit on the roof than with those two. Looked dull, in my opinion.I had all but given up and was prepared to head back to the boys when I finally spied a compartment with a boy and a girl in. The boy in this one looked just as stupid as the one before, but at least there was another girl. Even if she did look snobby. I knocked on the glass door and slid it open."Hey, I was wondrin' if I could sit in 'ere. There aint any other places I can sit on this train." I said confidently. The girl looked affronted by my bad grammar."If you must." She said, and I sat next to her, opposite the boy."The name's Anne, you guys?" I asked."I-I'm Neville..." The boy said slowly. Posh boy, by the sounds of his name."And I am Hermione" The girl introduced. Her hair was even bushier than Fat Sam, a guy who's greasy hair reached his mid-back. I missed that dude. He would always share his joints with me.When that is one of the few pleasures in his world, that meant a lot. Most rich people would just turn their pointy noses up at men like him and refuse to hand over even a spare pound that could buy him much-needed food. I liked to return the gesture with him sometimes, giving him spare bread."Nice to meet 'cha, Nev, 'Mio." I said, smiling. I tried to make it sound as if it was just a casual nickname, but in actuality I just couldn't say such long names."You too... Anne..." The girl said haughtily, and Neville suddenly looked around, his face white."Oh what is it now, Neville?" Hermione asked exasperatedly."I've lost Trevor!" He moaned, head in his hands."Trevor? Who's Trevor?" I asked in unison with Hermione."Trevor's my toad! Nan's gonna kill me!" He moaned. I frowned."Don't. Even. Joke. About. That..." I growled out, and the two rich kids stared at me."Death aint no joking matter."I said, crossing my arms and looking out of the window. I had seen one too many bodies left out there in the dark alleys of Bristol to joke about that sort of thing."Sorry..." Neville apologised, and I nodded. He got up and went away to ask people about his toad. I had a feeling that even if somebody had seen him, they'd not tell him.As Neville left, a certain black blur decided to take advantage of the situation an rush through the ajar door, jumping into my lap."'Ey there, Cat. Shoulda known you'd follow me somehow." I said, stroking the black cat under the chin.Cat was a streetcat I had befriended on the street once. She was by no means what most would call cute, but to me she was gorgeous. Her thick black fur was a extremely messed up, and one of her eyes were permanently shut by what I could only assume was a fight with one of the other cats on the streets, but she was the only stable thing in my life. I loved her one blue eye, and her missing canine. She definitely didn't stick around, there one day and gone the next, but whenever she did return to me, she'd have a little present for me. I didn't give her a proper name because that would mean I would gain an attachment to her.I stood with Cat in my arms. "Soz, this 'ere is my pet, Cat. We are allowed cats 'ere, right?" I asked, and the startled Hermione nodded mutely. "Cool.""So, what is your surname, anyway? Mine's Granger." Hermione asked."Dunno that bearded old guy-" I was cut off by Hermione Granger."Professor Dumbledore, you mean?" She asked."Yeah, Dumbles or whatever. Anyway, like I was sayin' Dumb-door said that it was Shun-Train... I dunno, can't say the thin', but it sounded French." I finished off, scratching Cat under her chin."Shun-train? Are you sure you don't mean Chantraine? As in the famous witch burned at the stake hundreds of years ago, Anne D'Chantraine? And how can you not know your own last name?" Hermione said.I shrugged, not wanting to answer. I looked out at the passing scenery to pass the time until Neville got back.He eventually did, plopping his bum onto the seats. "No luck, I suppose?" Hermione asked."Yeah. They all said they hadn't seen a sight of him. They also began to make fun of the fact I had a toad. He was a present from my uncle!" the sightly rounded boy whined.Hermione got up. "Well, I don't think they were being too honest with you, Neville. I'll go ask." She said, and I stood up after her, Cat balanced on my shoulder."I'll join ya. It aint right, someone hidin' a person's animal away from them. You stay there, we'll 'ave 'im back in no time." I commented, and Hermione and I headed out under Neville's protests.We asked several compartments full of people if they had seen Trevor, me hanging mutely in the back with Cat in my arms until we arrived at the compartment with the two boys. The ginger one had a rat on his lap, and I could sense Cat licking her jowls expectantly. Poor rat. They deserved it, though. Probably why all those people were complaining about the sweet trolley being out of stock. Those greedy pigs had it all in there.The ginger had his wand poised over said rat and was about to do a spell. "Have you seen a toad? A boy named Neville's lost one." Hermione asked them in a bossy tone.The ginger looked up. "We've already told him we haven't seen it." he said, but Hermione wasn't listening."Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see then." She said. The wand he was holding would probably explode back on him, it was looking so shabby. It even had something white poking out the end of it. Oh, God. That brought me back memories of some other shabby sticks with white stuff coming out of the tips. They weren't nearly as long though.Hermione sat down, and I did so along with her. The ginger looked taken aback by this forwardness. "Er-all right..." He said, unsure. He cleared his throat."Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow. Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow!" He said, waving his wand (yet again more memories) but nothing happened. This was starting to seem all too familiar. Not the first things to fail to come out of the ends of, ah, wands."Are you sure that's a real spell?" Said Hermione. "Well, it's not very good, is it? I've tried a few simple spells just for practice and it's all worked for me. Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard I've learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it will be enough. I'm Hermione Granger, by the way. Who are you?"The black haired boy looked over at the ginger and-judging by their stunned faces-it seemed as if they hadn't learned all the course books by heart either. It was pretty hard for me, not being able to read and all. Maybe I could ask somebody in my class to help me with my work."I'm Ron Weasly." Ron muttered."Harry Potter." Said Harry."Are you really?" Asked Hermione. "I know all about you, of course  I got a few extra books for background reading, and you're in Modern Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century.""Am I really?" Asked Harry, sounding as dazed as I felt. "Who's your friend, by the way?" he asked, turning to me."Name's Anne. Anne Shun-train-" Hermione corrected me."Chantraine, you mean. Anne doesn't have very good pronunciation." She said."Yeah, that." I said weakly. I didn't bear any ill-feelings to her, she didn't mean any harm by it."Do either of you know what House you'll be in? I've been asking around, and I hope I'm in Gryffindor, it sounds by far the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldn't be too bad. . . . Anyway, we'd better go and look for Neville's toad. You two had better change, you know, I expect we'll be there soon." Hermione said.And with that, we left. Luckily Cat had decided that she wasn't hungry enough to want rat for dinner.After asking around some more, we soon found out that nobody had seen a toad. There was this one compartment with this vile-looking blonde boy and what looked to be his bodyguards who had all laughed at Hermione and made fun of her, so I simply punched him in the nose. Blood spurted everywhere, and I think the fatter on of his cronies wanted to throw up. The stinky little rat got what he deserved.We headed back to our compartment, talking along the way. I got to learn that Hermione wasn't as bad as I originally thought. She was keen to learn things, and was extremely smart. I told her that I wasn't educated past the age of six, and she offered to help me with all of my school work and to even teach me how to read. I was beginning to really like this girl and I never liked anybody besides Cat and Fat Sam.We arrived back inside the compartment, and the conversation topic managed to swing back to our wizarding relatives. I found out that Neville was raised by his nan, and that his family didn't even think he could do magic until his uncle accidentally dropped him from the window-a feat that he didn't elaborate on-and he bounced all the way down. I heard that Hermione was a muggle-born, a person who was born of two non-magical folk. I had no idea what I was, but I figured that I was probably a muggle-born or a half-blood.I grew up in an orphanage until I was six, so I never really knew much of my parents. The nun's running it were sadistic little bitches, and I actually felt more love amongst the stoners than I did with those people. It had been almost a year since I gave up-it still amazes me that I managed to give up when I was only ten-and I still felt a few urges for a joint, but I could easily suppress those now.Eventually, the train arrived in the station, and as I followed the tall guy named Rubeus Hagrid-he actually spoke a lot like myself-I prepared myself for my first ever school and my one shot at education.Hi there! My name is Jinseiwakurai-Shouganai, and this is my first ever Harry Potter fanfiction. I usually write Pokmon fanfics, but this idea has been buzzing around in my head like a swarm of nargles, and I just had to type it up! I hope you liked it!I have no idea what to name Cat, so I was hoping that you would assist me! Also, please give me feedback on whether I should continue this or not!Ja ne!~Jinseiwakurai-Shouganai, signing out!
