For her, it began on January 29, 1975. She doesn't remember, of course, but something inside her changed that ordinary day. It was just one thought, one irrelevant, meaningless, forgettable thought. But those 7 words were arguably the most significant in all her life. Nobody knew about it, not because she had refrained from saying anything, but because she forgot about them the moment her doom door opened. But, nevertheless, they had existed. Did exist, really. She had opened a door that would never really close, no matter how hard she tried to convinced herself otherwise. And it all began with one simple idea, a common one for others to have, but never before had she giving it a moment. But now, she was forever changed and would not know for quite a while.I wonder what James is up toFor him, it began on September 1, 1971. Every once in a while, he would find himself playing the moment back in his mind and analyzing it endlessly. It was only one second in a day full of millions, each with a richer purpose than the last, but they all fell short to this single memory. Nobody else thought anything of it, but even his eleven-year-old self felt something twinge during that glorious instant. Many waves and hellos would be exchanged during the course of his day, but perhaps it was their lack that made it even more memorable. He wasn't even part of the moment, really, just lucky enough to watch it walk by his compartment door, smiling broadly and speaking to a future best mate. That moment was possibly his favorite, even through all that would to come, it always came to mind."It's Lily." The others each had their own take on it all, of course.Marlene believed it began when she put that periwinkle blanket over him while he snored in the common room, at four in the afternoon, no less.Sirius came to the conclusion that it really became an it when he gave up, well as much as he could anyway, it was a particularly sore topic for the git.Isabelle was certain it all started when she told him to check on the birds growing in his hair, 'cause no girl without a crush would do that.Remus thought the beginning was when he decided to check up on her instead of setting Peeves loose to kill Filch, which was obviously the better decision.Artemis was fairly confident it became a reality when she offered him a chocolate frog at dinner instead of eating all of them, like she always does.Peter knew the trouble began when he stopped smiling like that at the other ones, and instead watched out for her, even though there was no need.But none of that mattered in the end. Because, like almost everything else, they disagreed on this topic. She thought, wrongfully so, that it began for her months and months later with some banter and story telling, but she had no idea how long he had been in her mind.Perhaps she never really would.But that didn't stop him from sneaking into her soul, and vise-versa.Though, she had not exactly snuck. More like she dived in head first, while screaming at the top of her lungs.Her appearance in his thoughts never went unnoticed.And they would never leave after that one instant, which she swears she doesn't remember.But she did.Of course she did.
