Author's Note: Hi guys! So, I'm sorry, but I don't think I will be continuing my read the series fanfic. Instead, I will be doing this one about Hermione. I may do more in the future. I don't know yet. Yes, this will be a chapter fanfic. Hopefully, you don't mind long chapters because that's probably how I'm going to upload them. I hope you like the story! Summary: Hermione has the choice to go back in time and prevent everything that's going to happen in the future. She goes back to the Marauders' 7th year. Will she prevent devastating deaths? Whom will she befriend? And how does a relationship fit into all of this? Read on and find out. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Harry Potter characters. All rights go to J.K. Rowling.Hermione Granger and the Time TravelerChapter One:The war was over. They won. But at what price? Almost everyone who was a part of Hermione's life was dead. Arthur, Molly, Ron, Fred, and Charlie Weasley all dead. Along with, Remus, Tonks, Severus Snape, Filius Flitwick, the Creevey Brothers, and several others. The death that affected her the most was Harry Potter. Nobody thought he would die. After everything the Golden Trio went through, how could he have died? It wasn't fair. She was alone.Hermione Granger was left alone.She decided to head up to the Headmaster's office. When she arrived in front of the gargoyle, she asked if she could go in, and it let her. Hermione let her feet take her. She didn't know where she was heading until she stopped in front of the Headmasters portraits."Hello, Professor Dumbledore," Hermione said looking down depressed."Ah, Miss Granger," Dumbledore began. "I know of the outcome of the war. I know of the losses. Do not fret. Not all hope is lost."Hermione stared at him, bewildered. "Not all hope is lost?! The castle is destroyed. Almost everyone is dead. Voldemort may be dead, but he still has Death Eaters that are ready to strike. There's no point in life anymore! How can we be happy? Everyone we loved is gone. Just gone!"That was the final straw. She began bawling while she was speaking."While that may be true," Dumbledore said. "There is a way to go back to fix everything. Where it all began.""Are you saying that I should go back in time?""Precisely!" Dumbledore exclaimed. "If we had the information twenty years ago, then Voldemort would've been finished before he got to be a major threat.""But I thought messing with time was dangerous!" Hermione said. "If I went back in time to change everything, would I be able to come back? And how far back would I be going?""So I take it that you accept the mission?" Dumbledore asked. Hermione nodded. "Excellent, my dear! I will take you back twenty years in time. And, no, you will not be able to return to this time.""That would be when the Marauders would be attending Hogwarts!" Hermione said. "I can change their horrible fates! And it won't be a problem that I can't come back. I never felt liked I belonged in this time anyways.""I have written two letters for you to take with you," Dumbledore explained. "One letter is explaining your mission, and the other one is from me to myself. That letter explains what you are doing during at Hogwarts. Both of them are in the top right draw of my desk. Also, I have requested that you be a member of the Order of Phoenix. Your experience and knowledge will be vital for the Order of Phoenix.""Thank you, sir," Hermione said. "But how will I be getting to 1978?""I have made a time turner that allows you to go back in years. It is in the same envelope with your letter.""Thank you, sir," Hermione said again."Not a problem, my dear," Dumbledore said. "I suggest you start packing and preparing yourself for the mission. I wish you the best of luck.""Thank you, sir," Hermione said. "I hope I succeed."After she left the room and closed the door, the portrait of Severus Snape said, "You do realize I'm attending Hogwarts as well right?""Of course, Severus," Dumbledore said. "I'm hoping that she saves you as well."OooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOooOHermione went up to the Gryffindor Tower, and she went up to 7th year dorm that would be her room. First, she took a nice long shower to clean all the dirt, blood, and grime off of her. Her 'mudblood' cut hurt excruciatingly whenever the slightest pressure was put on it. The soap didn't make it any better. She dried off and put on a fresh pair of clothes. She decided on a pair of dark wash skinny jeans with a long sleeved lace crimson top and a pair of matching flats. She wore no jewelry except for some small pearl earrings and a matching ring on her right hand. She charmed her hair into soft waves instead of the bushy hair she once had. Her hair now fell to her waist. Hermione applied some cosmetic charms to her face. The charms were similar to muggle makeup. Unfortunately, she could not hide the cuts and scrapes that were over face.She took out everything of her small beading bag and spread it over the bed. She opened her trunk and put all of her clothing in it along with her books. She used the same extension charm on her trunk as she did on her bag. She packed the quills and parchment that she owned and her old school notes. Hey, she'll have NEWTS to take and maybe OWLS to redo. I wonder if I can retake my OWLs, she thought. I'd love to be able to retake my defense OWL. School took over her mind as she continued packing. She grimaced a little when she noticed that she had no money. Hopefully, Professor Dumbledore will be able to lend her some money. Hermione decided that she did all that was possible in order to pack for the mission. She placed her trunk inside of her bag with a feather light charm on the bag.She took the letter that was addressed to her and opened it. She read what her mission was. It sounded simple enough, but doing it will be the problem. She needed to gain the trust of James, Lily, Remus, Sirius, and Severus. Once she has gained their trust, she can tell them of her life. That'll be odd, she thought. Seeing all of them when they are younger. She read the instructions on how to use the time turner. She began turning the hourglass twenty times towards her. The room began to spin, and everything went back. When she was able to see again, she noticed that she was on Hogwarts grounds by the lake. Her heart began beating faster as she made her way up to Dumbledore's office. When she arrived at the gargoyle, she panicked because she didn't know the password. Then she noticed the time. It was noon. Even if it was summer, the professors would be in the Great Hall. She quickly made her way to the Great Hall, and she heard the clanging of silverware and chatter. When Hermione walked in, all eyes turned on her.Professor Dumbledore looked at her curiously and asked, "If you don't mind me asking, who are you young lady?""My name is Hermione Granger," Hermione said. "And I have a letter for you explaining why I'm here.""Thank you," Professor Dumbledore said. He took the envelope , opened it, and read the letter. When he was finished he said, "Well, Miss Granger, I'd like to invite you into my office. We have much to discuss. I'll have a house elf bring up a tray for you. You are much too thin.""Thank you, Professor," Hermione said gratefully. "I can't remember that last time I've eaten or been able sit down and eat."The professors cast a worried glance before resuming back to their meal. Professor Dumbledore and Hermione walked out of the Great Hall and up to his office. When they sat down he snapped his fingers, and a house elf appeared."Yes, Master Dumbledore?" the elf asked happily."Could you please bring up a tray for Miss Granger here?" Dumbledore asked nicely."Of course, Master Dumbledore!" the elf exclaimed excitedly and flashed out. A few seconds later, the elf came back with a plate of sandwiches, fruit, and tea."Now, onto business," Dumbledore began. "This letter from myself explains that I sent you to the past in order to change the future.""Yes, sir," Hermione said. "My mission from you is to save those who needn't have died.""Yes, the letter does explain that," Dumbledore said. "It also says that you know how to defeat Voldemort, and that you were a member of the Order of Phoenix.""Yes, sir," Hermione affirmed him. "You told my friend, Harry Potter about Horcruxes""So my theory is correct," Dumbledore said grimly. "How many did he create?""In my time, there are seven," Hermione began. "But, in this time, there should only be five. They are Helga Hufflepuff's cup, Salazar's Slytherin locket, Rowena Ravenclaw's diadem, Riddle's diary, and Gaunt's ring. I'm not sure of the current locations of three of them, but I do know where two of them are. The ring is still at the Gaunt's house. But when you get, you should know that it is the Resurrection Stone. I know it's tempting to put it on, but it has heavy curses placed on it. In my time, you the ring on forgetting about the curse, and it turned your whole hand black and withered. You died within the year because of the ring. The diadem is in the Room of Requirement.""Thank you for the information," he said. "Since you were a part of the Order in the future, I don't see why you shouldn't be now, even if you are still a student. There is a meeting this weekend, and I will be delighted if you could attend. As for living quarters, you can stay here in one of the guest rooms. You can also keep those rooms during the school year if you'd like.""Thank you, sir!" Hermione exclaimed. "I never did get a chance to do my seventh year. Voldemort was powerful, and Harry, Ron, and I continued the mission that you left for us. It'll be nice to be able to go to school without being on the run for so long.""How did you get all the scars?" Dumbledore asked."Well, I got this scar," Hermione said pulling up her left sleeve, "because Bellatrix Lestrange decided to torture me for information. First, she used 'Crucio' on me several times. Then, she carved the word 'Mudblood' into my arm. We barely got away alive. As for the other cuts and scrapes I've gotten, it was during the Final Battle at Hogwarts.""I'm sorry," Dumbledore said. "I shouldn't have asked.""It's fine, professor," Hermione said. "It would've happened eventually. If I may ask, what is today's date?""Today is August 20th, 1978," Dumbledore replied happily. "School starts on September 1st. Do you have any money for supplies?""I'm afraid not, sir," Hermione began nervously. "I'm muggleborn, and I didn't have a Gringotts vault. I packed what I could from home into this bag. It isn't much though. All I have is just some clothes, my old school notes, school supplies, and a few extra books.""How did you fit everything into that bag?" Dumbledore began to ask. "Ah, the Undetectable Extension Charm. That's very advanced magic, and you seem to have done it correctly! Well done!""Thank you, sir," Hermione said. "It was one of the more difficult spells I've done. But, let's get back to school. How will I pay for all of my supplies?""I will pay for your supplies and a few extra things for your comfort," Dumbledore said. "Just charge everything to the Hogwarts account. And here is a note to give to the store owners to verify it.""Thank you, sir!" Hermione said. "I was also wondering where my room was.""It is on the fourth floor behind the picture of the Victorian lady," Dumbledore said. "You can change the password to whatever you want. If you don't mind me asking, what house were you in?""Gryffindor, sir," she replied with a smile. "The hat did want to place me in Ravenclaw, but Gryffindor was a much better fit for me.""I should've known," Dumbledore said with a smile. "You can either join the Staff for meals, or you can eat in your rooms. I assume you know where the kitchens are?" Hermione nodded. "Oh, one last thing. How long are you planning on staying in this time?""Forever, sir," Hermione said becoming sad. "I cannot go back to my own time. Honestly, I don't really have anything to live for back home.""Well, I hope you make the right choices," Dumbledore said. "And don't be afraid to ask for help. Help will always be given to those who ask for it."With that, Hermione went to her suite and laid down on the bed. What have I gotten myself into? she thought.Author's Note: Thanks sooooo much for reading this story! I promise it will get more exciting than this. I just have to get the boring stuff out of the way first. Please review! I love getting reviews in my inbox. The next chapter should be out within the next week or so. 
