Chapter OneThe GameFields upon fields of tents lay, clustered alongside hundreds of thousands of bodies- all of which eagerly awaiting the same singular event. An event where history was sure to be recorded. A battle of two teams, Bulgaria versus Ireland. Thousands gathered over a span of two weeks to witness the Quidditch World Cup that was to take place this evening.But among all those who gathered, none were as brash and as loud as this particular group. Consisting entirely of teenagers, this assemblage shared similar apparel of brightly coloured loose pants and long skirts, clinking gold jewelry and silk adorning scarves. The group of six- three boys and three girls, crowded around the outside of a square tent, shouting to each other in a foreign language each competing to be the loudest.Corin heaved a sigh from where she sat surrounded by the rowdy group. Her Uncle had unwittingly given her far too many tickets to the event in which she had handed them off to her school friend, who, in turn gave the tickets to a group of travelling gypsies. To be fair, she hadn't been expecting an invite to travel with the group swept up in the prospect of escaping the Carpathian Mountains where her overbearing father and capricious mother secluded her for the entirety of her childhood Corin had immediately accepted the invitation to travel.She had enjoyed the summer travelling with this band of estranged teenagers so much so that she was currently weighed down with the knowledge that this was her last night with the group, before her Uncle would take her home on his way back to Bulgaria.A hand lay on her shoulder interrupting her in the middle of her brooding. Corin glanced up from where she had been staring down at her lap, absentmindedly fiddling with her silken shoulder-wrap. Stefan her school friend, blinked down at her with his large brown eyes, his thick, dark brows furrowed in agitation."Corin Aventis and I searched everywhere for wood piles, but the idiot can't read a map for shit, and he won't give it to me," Stefan spoke in heavily accented English, as to ensure that his insults would go over the others' heads, "Let's ask someone where the wood is."She fought a smile at Stefan's cantankerous attitude, and allowed him to tug her up from where she was seated. Clasping her hand in his own, Stefan all but dragged her to the nearest campsite of Englishmen. Corin briefly admired the drastic contrast between his bronzed skin and her own milky-white flesh attributed to the lifetime she spent in the thick mountain clouds, in which no sun could breach."Excuse me," Stefan approached an Englishman, a tall man although equal in height to Stefan with receding ginger hair and horn-rimmed frames. "Do you know where the wood is?"But the man merely blinked, unable to understand Stefan's rough English. "Sorry?"Stefan heaved a sigh, and turned a look back at Corin. The message was clear on his face, and all Stefan had to do was mutter her name helplessly before she stepped up to the plate.Corin pulled her hand from Stefan's tightening grip, and smiled up at the man, "Er hi, we're from the camp next to yours, the uh, the loud one." She shrugged helplessly, "my friend and I were wondering if you knew where the wood piles are?""Oh," the confusion melted off of the man's face at her explanation. "Oh, yes of course my sons can show you, if you'd like." Distractedly, he called to the family clustered around the fire, "Fred! George! Come here!"He smiled kindly at the pair, "Two of my boys look to be about the same age as you sixteen, right?""Seventeen," Corin corrected, "And Stefan is eighteen.""Ah yes, my name is Arthur by the way," Arthur introduced, his ever permanent smile widening, "Arthur Weasley and these are two of my sons, Fred and George."Arthur gestured to the two identical red-heads as they appeared Corin blinked at the pair in surprise, never had she seen twins more alike, down to every last strand of red hair."Stefan Nikolov," Stefan spoke again, extending his hand over top of Corin's head to shake the man's hand, "and this is the most esteemed Corin Oblansk."Unperturbed by Stefan's formal introduction, Corin extended her hand in turn, shaking Arthur's hand as she withdrew, Fred or George, as Corin was unable to tell the difference snatched up her hand, and lay a fresh kiss on her palm. "What a pleasure!-"The second brother stole her hand, and pecked it as well, "-to meet you!""Boys," Arthur chided, sighing. "Can you help these two find where the wood piles are kept?""Might as well," said one, crossing his arms behind his head and sighing, "Percy keeps blathering on about his duties to ol' Fudge. George and I were tempted to shove a toffee into his mouth and watch him gag on his tongue if he didn't can it." Corin quickly noted that Fred was the one who wore a red jumper while it was George who adorned the green jumper."Didn't your mother already confiscate those? Oh, blast it," Arthur sighed, waving the boys off, "Get to it, then."Corin shot a look up to Stefan's face, surprised to see that his face was undisturbed and already settled into his customary frown. She was quite unused to sibling conflict, being an only child herself but Stefan came from a large family, consisting of several older brothers, and two younger sisters. Knowing this, he was probably used to the disgruntlement between families.Corin and Stefan followed after the two brothers, making their way between tents, witches and wizards alike."So, which school do you lot go to?" questioned George, brushing invisible lint off his knitted jumper."Durmstrang," Corin replied breezily, she brushed off Stefan's prodding hand as it attempted to hold her own. "I'll take it from your accents that you live around here? Meaning you must attend Hogwarts.""Oi, look at you," teased Fred, "planning to be a detective?"George eyed the pair as Stefan attempted to place a protective arm around her. "I figured Durmstrang was an all-boys school.""It is not," Stefan grumbled out, crossing his arms over his chest as his affections were refused yet again, "Although the male count outnumbers the females, it is still a mixed school."Both the twins' faces creased as they struggled to interpret Stefan's words Stefan shot Corin a helpless look, and she quietly translated what Stefan had said."You're pretty good at English, how's that?" George questioned. They had just broken past the line of tents and people, stepping in through the scarcely forested area and to a nearby wooden shed.Corin shrugged carelessly, piling lumber into her arms. "I live in the Carpathian Mountains that's Romania, by the way. Nearby is the Romanian Dragon Sanctuary often the tamers will come by and ask for burn treatments, as my father is a Healer. The Englishmen will speak to me and make conversation.""Our brother Charlie works there!" Fred exclaimed, looking fascinated. "Have you met him?Corin became thoughtful, thinking back to the handful of men who have visited her father, "Does he have red hair also?"Nodding, Fred added, "What's it like living near Dragons?""You get used to the noise after a while," Corin replied thoughtfully. She snapped her fingers as she remembered, "Yes, I might've spoken to your brother once before although often my father sends me away when he is treating his patients.""Rightfully so," Stefan muttered in his home-tongue, "Dragon-boys are only looking for one thing."Corin flushed, grateful that the pair could not understand Stefan's snarling insults.Collecting enough wood, the four made their way back into the encampment, parting at the twins' campsite."Thank you for your help," Corin offered a rare smile."Anything for a lovely lady," Fred winked, grinning in a lecherous fashion."Feel free to stop by again," George responded, raising his hand in farewell as Corin and Stefan parted with the wood.Corin was cursed she was sure of it. Nearly sprinting, Corin flew up the carpeted stairs, nearly tripping on the hem of her silk wrap. Nearing the Top Box, she slowed her pace fumbling to make herself presentable. She carefully smoothed out the gold trim that lined the bust of her well-fitted robe, and layered the silk wrap over her exposed shoulders. For the event, she had drawn her hair back, fixed in place by a carmine red broboad.By the time Corin had reached the Top Box, she had missed the opening ceremonies quite out of breath, and growing increasingly flustered although she hid it well she took her seat beside her Uncle, who greeted her with a pinch to her reddened cheeks. Edgily, she brushed away his hands, greeting the man with a slight nod. From her well-worn purse, she had drawn out two pairs of Omnioculars. A disproportioned thump was heard within the beaten purse, followed by the sound of glass shattering. Corin muttered a curse in her native tongue, and handed off one of the Omnioculars to her Uncle who accepted it, with a murmur of thanks and a cautious look thrown to the purse that lay in her lap.Corin was given little time to observe the match as a bellow of greeting met her ears."Ah, the youthful Miss. Corin Obalonsk  Ob Oblan-""Oblansk," Corin corrected with a falsetto laugh. The British Minister of Magic whom she had met on several occasions while attending friendly conferences with her Uncle."Cornelius Fudge," she greeted the man warmly, allowing him to eagerly shake her hand. "How have you been?""Fine, thank you. And yourself? I trust your studies are well?" Fudge responded stiffly, his eyes flickering around the Top Box distractedly. Fudge was a portly man, his grey hair severely rumpled from beneath his green bowler hat it seemed he was far more concerned about political relationships rather than the actual game itself."So I've heard that you were interested in a political career once you've graduated," he carried on, without bothering to wait for her reply.Corin was far from surprised that he was aware of her interest it was well-known, and almost expected that the niece of the Bulgarian Minister of Magic had a fascination for politics. Admittedly, she was unsure where her future lay not that she would bother to tell him that."I am," she agreed. Fudge's eyes fixed on her intently, pleased with her response. "I've been considering a transfer to your faction soon after I graduate if you'll have me, of course.""Most definitely, I'll have the paperwork sorted as shortly as I can," Fudge replied smoothly. Corin wondered briefly if she had dug her own grave."Ah I'm embarrassed to ask this but perhaps you could translate in place of Barty Crouch? It seems he has yet to arrive, and I'm afraid I can't speak Bulgarian." Fudge glanced nervously to an open seat, before returning his gaze to her.Corin's brows creased for only a fraction of a second her Uncle had nudged her heeled foot with the side of his boot, although he gave no indication of doing so, avidly staring through his Omnioculars."I'm sorry," she began truthfully, "but I don't speak Bulgarian either."Fudge stared at her in absolute bewilderment, "Bu-But he's your Uncle!" he sputtered."It's a stiff relationship," she confessed, shrugging. "My father never bothered to teach me the language."Fudge sighed, "It was a long shot anyway anyhow, have you been introduced to Lucius yet?"Drawn by his name, the pale-haired man who was seated before them turned, gazing coldly up at the pair."Ah," the man, Lucius remarked loftily, "the Bulgarian Minister's niece, I suspect? Better late than never, I suppose."Corin took an immediate disliking to the man, but offered her hand downwards nonetheless."Lucius Malfoy," announced Fudge, "as well as his beautiful wife Narcissa, and charming son Draco. Lucius is employed under me, and has donated much to the Ministry of Magic. He is here as my guest.""A pleasure," Lucius took Corin's hand, brushing his thin lips over her knuckles. "A peck to the hand is a typical Romanian greeting, is it not?"Corin observed the man with cool, grey eyes, "Reserved only for close friends and lovers.""Forgive me," said Lucius softly, peering through his pale blonde lashes. He drew back from her hand as though it had burned him. "My son, Draco "Lucius shoved the boy's head around to face her, "say hello Draco."The boy muttered a brief greeting, appearing entirely disinterested."Draco is a few years shy of your age, Miss. Oblansk. Perhaps the pair of you will chat after the match is completed?""Perhaps," Corin replied evasively. Pleased with her answer, Lucius turned his head forwards, back to the game just as one of the Irish players scored, tearing a roar of cheers to ignite the stadium.To her left, her Uncle muttered a curse, gripping the end of his robe and looking as though he might tear the fabric."Ah yes who else? Oh perhaps you've heard of Harry Potter?" Fudge swept a hand to a young boy, seated to their far right, Harry Potter was seat in between a young girl and boy."Only in books," Corin replied honestly, eyeing the dark haired boy, who gawked at the game in absolute fascination. "Perhaps it's best to let him watch the match.""I suppose," Fudge agreed, although he gave the impression that he was uncertain of her reasoning. Fudge gazed around the Top Box, "Have you met Arthur Weasley?"At his name, the Englishman from before gazed towards the pair his expression flickered to something of confusion. He stood, starting towards the pair."Hello again," Arthur greeted her."You've met?" Fudge remarked with some surprise, "wonderful Arthur, this is Corin Oblansk, niece of the Bulgarian Minister."Corin smiled up at the man, "Thanks again for your help "Corin addressed Fudge, "Arthur and his sons helped a friend and I retrieve lumber.""How kind," Fudge exclaimed.A pleased flushed worked its way up Arthur's neck and he nervously ran a hand across his head. "Oblansk I should have recognised that name."Quite suddenly, a ginger-haired man leapt up from his chair, tripping over a set of legs and bowing so deeply his nose scrapped the floor, his horn-rimmed glasses slipping from his nose. "F-Forgive me!" the man all but shouted, retrieving his frames from the floor with an embarrassed flush."This is my son, Percy," Arthur introduced with a bemused expression as Percy vigorously shook her hand with both of his own."It's truly a pleasure, Madam!" Percy exclaimed, stammering in his excitement."Oi! Perce, out of the-"A familiar bellow met her ears. It appeared that the set of legs Percy had tripped over belonged to Fred Weasley. Fred beamed excitedly, "Blimey, Corin, I didn't know you were famous Oi, George! Look here Corin's at the Top Box too!""Boys," Arthur chastised quietly, as Corin murmured embarrassingly. "This is the Bulgarian Minister's niece.""Bloody hell," Fred exclaimed again, shoving Percy aside. "You should have told us!"Corin fought a blush, forcing her face to remain inexpressive. "I'm not famous simply well-known," Corin muttered with a stutter, "We've all come here to watch a game, shall we?"Next chapter will be arriving soon.I do not own Harry Potter.-AL
