A/N: This is my first Harry Potter/Marauder Era fanfic, so please don't be too mean or mad if everything isn't accurate. I will try my best and do a BUNCH of research to get the names right and the history is right. Anyways enjoy! Thanks! Happy version! Including Peter!Chapter one:I wake up with a gasp. The first thing I see is black, pitch black. On instinct, I grab my wand and cast Lumos nonverbally and do a security sweep around the room and then everything came back to me'I'm free' I let out a laugh that sounded close to hysterical.Today's the day I'm going to Hogwarts I'm free.'I let out a breath that I didn't realize I was holding and looked around the room as my eyes got use to the light.I quickly get dressed knowing that I won't be able to go back to sleep now that my mind became fully awake.Damn, old habits die hard. I slowly, pack all my things and put on my sunglasses that are so dark you can't even see my eyes.I look around the room checking if I left anything behind.I grabbed my iPod that I left on the bed and put on my earphones and played my music. Ironically, the song that was playing was 'I Just Wanna Run' by The Downtown Fiction.I go down the stairs with my bag trailing behind me.As I reach down the stairs, I saw two tall, bulky men that looked like they were from the CIA.One of the giants sent a nod towards my direction. The other giant grabbed my bag and started walking out of the Motel I was in. We walked for five minutes and finally reached King's Cross Train Station.The giants grabbed a trolley and put my stuff in it. We slowly glided towards platform 9 and 10 and went through the walls between the two platforms.The first thing I see is a big red and black train.I got hit with a blob of envy when I see children with their parents and friends all laughing together and saying their goodbyes.I clear my mind of such feelings and start walking towards the train.In a monotonous voice I say to the giants, "You can leave now I do not need your assistance any longer."They looked like they wanted to protest, but with one cold look from me and they shut up and left.I sighed. So far nothing seems to be going well for me.As I was about to reach the door to enter the train, a boy with sandy brown hair and the bluest-greenest eyes that held a mischievous glint- that you most likely wouldn't have seen in a passing glance- ran into me.His eyes widened in surprise and quickly helped me up and apologized."Dear Morgana I'm sorry!" he all but screamed.I chuckled and replied, "S'alright."I brushed off the imaginary dirt from my skirt and regained my bearings.I stuck out my hand before I could chicken out and introduced myself."Hi, I'm Alejandra Martinez and what's yours?""The name's Remus Lupin, nice to meet you. Are you by any chance a first year?" Remus asked me.I smiled my rare smile and I realized that I liked this Remus Lupin."Nope I think I am what they call a second year transfer student?"His eyes lit up."Great you're in the same year as me! As an apology I want you to meet my mates!" he dragged me up into the train and started to look at the compartment doors. It was a few minutes until we reached what seemed to be the last compartment."Now I'm gonna warn ya and say that my friends are a little overwhelming. I promise you that I will make them be on their best behavior around you." He grinned at me.He opened the door and inside was three boys.One of them had the messiest hair possible. Hazel eyes accompanied the hair.The one sitting next to him was another boy with black shaggy hair and steel gray eyes.The last one was a pudgy boy with curly mousy brown hair and blue, watery eyes."Guys, I'd like you to meet a new friend of mine, Alejandra Martinez. Please be nice." Remus said towards the boys."Alejandra, I would like you to meet my best friends James, Sirius, and Peter." He said pointing each and every one of them."Nice to meet you." I said shyly.They all smiled and greeted me.I sat down and started looking around the tiny compartment."So do you like Quidditch?" James asked me.I smiled and nodded. "Yeah my favorite team is the Chudley Cannons."James whooped. "Alright! Someone obviously knows which the best team is!""Please, I know what the best team is and that is the Appleby Arrows!" hollered Sirius.From my peripheral vision I could see Remus roll his eyes."You don't like Quidditch?" I asked him."I do. I love it, but James and Sirius are obsessed with it." He sighed.I laughed and decided that I like these guys.And by the looks of it the guys liked me. They decided to ask me many questions; like what my favorite food or color was. In return, I asked them the same type of questions. We instantly became good friends. I was happy that something was going right so far.Soon the train came to a stop.We all got off the train once the doors opened.They showed me the way to the carriages when we got to Hogwarts.As I neared the carriages I saw Thestrals were pulling them. I didn't even bat an eyelash. I knew that nobody else saw them, but to make sure I asked them."Hey guys, what's pulling the carriages?""We don't know," answered Sirius.I nodded in understanding. 'Yup nobody else would've seen a Thestral because nobody has seen someone die' I thought, 'or killed someone' I added as an afterthought.Yup. I'm not your average 12 year old.I continued listening to my music when James asked me about my Ipod."It's a Muggle item used to listen to music" I told him."That's not possible. Muggle things aren't supposed to work in Hogwarts!" he exclaimed.I laughed. "Yea, but I made my own spell for that."James and Sirius nodded; entranced by the new knowledge I shared.As we walked to what they told me was the Great Hall, I met a teacher that looked like she sucked on a lemon."Hello, you must be the new transfer student." She said in a Scottish accent."Yes ma'am and you are?" I asked sweetly. This in return caused the professor's lip to twitch into a small smile.I smiled in response."I am professor McGonagall. I will see you at the entrance of the Great Hall, so that you will be called with the first years." She said stiffly and whirled towards the Great Hall to talk to the other students."Bloody Hell, you already have Minnie in her good graces! You're a miracle worker! You will be amazing for the team!" exclaimed Sirius.I laughed and waved goodbye to the boys and joined the first years near the Great Hall.The doors opened and we were guided, in single file line, to an old hat on a stool.I realized what it was and I got excited.An old man stepped up in front of the table which seem to be full of teachers."Good evening students! I hope you had a wonderful summer. Now for those of you who are new, I am Professor Dumbledore. We have a remarkable thing today. We have a transfer student from the Salem School of The Arts from America. Please welcome Alejandra Martinez." Professor Dumbledore said. I was surprised because Professor McGonagall said I was to be with the First years. I quickly recovered from my surprise and started walking towards Dumbledore with a grace that not even a Pureblood could have. This caused the students to murmur in excitement and wonder. I headed straight towards McGonagall.She then placed the hat on my head.'Hmmm Ms. Martinez or shall I say Ms. Petrova?' 'That is not my name anymore!' I snapped at the hat 'Yes, yes, I apologize... You are witty and intelligent, a strong suit for Ravenclaw You are very loyal although a loner because you do not trust easily You are courageous and brash, but I see it has taken you to dark places because you trusted the wrong person You would fit perfectly in Slytherin You are cunning and you do indeed use self-preservation now that you were betrayedhmm'"Yes she would fit perfectly in SLYTHERIN" announced the hat.There was a loud applause and cheering from the last table. Right as they were going to take the hat off my head that hat protested."No! Never mind she belongs in GRYFFINDOR... NO wait, SLYTHERIN Give me a moment" again the hat grew quiet.I blushed from the embarrassment and soon after a few minutes the hat still hasn't said anything and people started looking confused, wondering when the hat would decide."I'm sorry but this is going to take me more time it seems we will have to do the decision for the girl after the feast." The hat finally responded.Professor McGonagall looked at the hat in surprise and then looked at Professor Dumbledore to see what to do with me.Dumbledore chuckled and said, "Ms. Martinez I suppose you can sit in the Gryffindor table for dinner."I smiled a timid smile and sauntered to the Gryffindor table and found Remus along with Peter, James, and Sirius.I sat next to Remus and looked down at my hands that were resting on my lap.I zoned out until Professor Dumbledore told us to enjoy our feast.I looked up to see a roast chicken in front of me and took a small piece along with two spoonfuls of mash potatoes."Ehhm," someone cleared their throat.I looked up to see that it was James and that he was looking at me with expectant eyes."Are you okay?" he askedI smiled a small smile. "Yeah, I just thought you would hate me because the hat almost put me into Slytherin and the way you spoke about them showed me that you despise them and I thought that you wouldn't like me anymore" I said in a quiet voice.He laughed. "Nah, I like you, so no matter where you're put I won't hate you.As long as you stay yourself, that is." He responded.I smiled a big smile this time and I spent the rest of dinner speaking with James, Remus, Peter, and Sirius. I had a blast they told me about anything and everything about Hogwarts and I felt like I finally got friends that I never had, but I always dreamed of.'Don't forget they're coming in 2 years they'll be coming for you' Whispered a voice in the back of my mind.I ignored it as I laughed at the stupidest prank that Sirius and James did on a Slytherin involving a cat and glue.I sighed.Happy that once in my life I was actually happy.Happy that I have friends.Happy that I escaped my old life.Happy.I could just start giggling from the happiness that was encompassing me. And I never giggle.Sadly, I will never be able to forget the life that I use to live and for that I am forever grateful to Albus Dumbledore. He helped me escape. He helped me leave that prison.Now I am happy because of him.I sigh as I make my way to Dumbledore's office. I hope I am put into Gryffindor so I can spend my time with the guys.I walk down a long hallway until I reach a big bronze griffin and say the password,"Lemon Drops"Slowly, the Gryffin rises and a staircase soon follows. I step on one of the steps and wait until I reach the top."Ah, good evening Ms. Martinez." Dumbledore said to me."Good Evening Albus." I said with a short nod.The ancient man in front of me chuckled."Let us get this over with." I sighed impatiently.He went and got the hat from its place on a shelf and then plopped it on my head.'We meet again Ms. Martinez''Yes, I was wondering if you could place me in Gryffindor because I made friends there and I don't want to be separated from them''Hmm I'll take it to consideration because you will do amazingly in Slytherin''NO! I don't want to be in Slytherin! HE was in Slytherin and I don't want to follow in his footsteps.''Very well, Ms. Martinez'"GRYFFINDOR" yelled the hat.I sighed in relief and cast a smile towards the man I am indebted to. In response he smiled towards me as my tie turned into red and yellow stripes. "Very well, I will escort you to the Gryffindor tower and the password is 'babbling baboons.' Congratulations Alejandra." He had a bemused look while his eyes twinkled brightly behind his half-moon spectacles. This was a very peculiar man.After a series of twists and turns and climbing stairs we reached a portrait of a Fat Lady that greeted us with a stern look which soon disappeared once she saw the Headmaster."Babbling baboons" I told the Fat Lady and the portrait door opened with grace.I turned around and told Professor Dumbledore Goodnight and went inside.The room had a warm and comfortable glow towards it. There was a big fireplace in the other side of the room. Surrounding the fireplace were a couch and two armchairs on both sides of the couch. In other places of the common room there were armchairs surrounding a few tables. All in all, it was VERY comfortable.There were two staircases one leading to the girls dorms and the other leading to the boys' dorms. Silently I went to the right and started climbing the stairs.After 10 steps I reached a door that said first years. I realized that the rooms were separated by year and went from 1st to 7th.I climbed another 10 steps and reached the 2nd year dorm for girls.I slowly pushed open the door and was met to the sight of four other girls in the room."Hi, my name is Lily Evans. And you must be Alejandra." A girl with red hair and the most piercing green eyes greeted me. I responded with a tentative smile and went to my bed. Lily introduced me to the other girls Alice Prewett, Dorcas Meadowes, and Marlene McKinnon. We soon became fast friends. We stayed talking all night about Hogwarts and what it would be like. I realized that I'm going to like life at Hogwarts.A/N: SOOOOOO? How was it for the first chapter huh?REVIEWS PLEASE! Tell me what you think!Ideas are appreciated! Since it is still too early to have a poll on who Alejandra should "date" I will not ask about who she should end up with. Also, I won't ask because you haven't met the other characters yet. So ta-ta.Love, Alejandra Katarina
