A/N I don't own this story or Harry Potter; Harry Potter is owned by J.K. Rowling and the story is owned by my uncle. I am merely posting his story.CHAPTER ONETHE DAY AFTERHarry Potter stirred in his bed. He felt incredibly stiff and quite groggy, as one often feels when emerging from a long night's sleep. As he opened his eyes, many familiar sights and sounds filled his senses. The first sound to reach Harry's ears was the irregular noise of Ron's deep breathing. Though it was dark, Harry could still recognize various shapes all sleeping soundly in Neville, Dean and Seamus' four poster beds, and hear the chorus of snores coming from the occupants.Harry sat up and shook his head, hoping the dull thudding he felt there would soon be gone. He thought perhaps it had all been a nightmare. Certainly, at first glance everything seemed like a normal Hogwarts' morning. Could the last several months have occurred only in his head? Harry knew that wasn't the case, though it was a hopeful thought. He considered waking Ron, but decided to let him sleep. This was time Harry neede to experience alone. Through his many years at Hogwarts, whenever Harry had lain awake at night he had gotten up and gone to the Gryffindor common room. There he would sit on the couch in front of the fire, either alone with his thoughts, or, on occasion, having a chance to talk with his godfather, Sirius Black, through the fireplace. Sirius, sighed Harry, was another person with whom he was close who had sacrificed his life in the recent struggle.Harry quietly slipped out of the dormitory and down into the Gryffindor common room. It, too, was dark and still, as well as apparently empty. Though he knew that Hogwarts had recently been an eventful place, at the moment all seemed to be completely at peace. Harry was in no hurry to have that illusion shattered, so he decided to settle down on the couch. But as Harry went over towards the fire, he noticed a shape already there.As Harry cautiously approached, the light from the fire revealed that the shape was the sleeping form of Ginny Weasley. Harry's heart leapt. This was as close to as he had been to her for almost a year, since Bill and Fleur's wedding last summer. In some ways it seemed like a lifetime ago, and yet as he looked at her sleeping peacefully on the couch it felt as though it was only yesterday.As he gently sat down beside her, Ginny's eyes fluttered and she slowly awoke. A smile crossed her face as she leaned over and fell gently into Harry's arms. No matter what else had happened, all now seemed right in Harry's world. For now, that was all Harry needed. His eyes were still heavy, and soon he allowed them to fall shut.Harry did not know how long he was asleep before he again awoke. Ginny was already awake, and she shifted to look at him. Harry gazed back into Ginny's eyes and they kissed softly. It felt as though he could gladly just look at her for hours and be happy. Finally, Ginny spoke, breaking the silence."You know, the three of you caused a mild panic yesterday."Her statement had Harry immediately confused. He could think of many events that had occurred yesterday, the majority of which could be considered major catastrophes. He had no idea what Ginny was referring to that might qualify as only a mild panic."How is that?""About mid-afternoon, people noticed that you, Ron and Hermione were missing. Mum immediately feared the absolute worst. Search parties were sent out and it was all very nervous until Neville reported that he found you sleeping in the dorms. Once everyone calmed down, someone decided a little sleep sounded like a good idea, so the students were sent back to the dorms and the rest all bedded down in the Great Hall.""So why aren't you in your room?"Ginny gave Harry a long, soft smile before she spoke."I wanted to make sure I saw you as soon as you woke up. It has been almost exactly a year since you decided we had to break up for my safety. I reluctantly agreed and I waited patiently. For months and months I did not know where you were, what you were doing, or even if you were alive. I decided I had waited long enough. Besides, today is likely to be another busy day, and I wanted to spend some time with you before things became too hectic.""Err  busy day?" stammered Harry."You've always been good at focusing on your task at hand, but you really are oblivious to much of the world around you," said Ginny with a smile. "There is a memorial service planned this evening for everyone who was killed in the battle," she continued. "It was really an odd feeling in the Great Hall yesterday. Everyone seemed to be elated that Voldemort had been defeated, and proud of their part in the battle. But those feelings were mixed with sorrow for those who had died, gratitude for all who came to help, and pure exhaustion once the adrenaline of the battle wore off."Just then Hermione appeared from the girls' dormitory, followed by Parvati Patil and a group of younger Gryffindor girls. Ginny slowly sat up straight, no longer leaning against Harry, though she still held his hand. Harry felt as though he was waking up from a pleasant dream and being dumped right back into reality.Hermione's eyes were red and misty. It was obvious she had been crying, and a quick look at all the other girls showed that they had been crying also. "It was so sad, seeing Lavender's empty bunk," explained Hermione. "The others tell me that she died from her injuries yesterday."Lavender Brown had been one of Harry's classmates at Hogwarts. She had started the same year as Harry, been in most of his classes, and had even dated his best friend Ron. Her death meant that Harry now knew of at least three of the students he had taught in his 'Dumbledore's Army' group had given their lives in the battle. Harry had seen Colin Creevey's limp body being carried into the Great Hall before going into the Forbidden Forest to give himself up to Lord Voldemort. And they had all seen Fred Weasley's death early in the battle. How many others had Harry helped to train, only to lead them to their deaths yesterday?"How many others?" asked Harry quietly."There were dozens, maybe around fifty," admitted Ginny. "I think Fred, Lavender, Colin Creevey and Justin Finch-Fletchley were the only students. Then there were Firenze, Lupin, Tonks and several others of the Order. Old Elphias Doge arrived just before the last part of the battle and got hit by a stray Avada Kedavra curse. Plus there were several losses on the other side, including a few who had been under the Imperius curse, and, of course, Crabbe, Fenrir, Bellatrix and Voldemort.Ron, Neville, Dean and Seamus then made their appearance as they emerged from the boys' dormitory. Though their eyes were not as red as the girls', they were also in a somber mood."What's everyone talking about?" said Ron as he slid beside Hermione. While Ron and Hermione had been close for awhile, the ordeals of the last year and the intensity of the last few days seemed to have transformed them from friends into something much more."Yesterday, of course. What else do you think would be on our minds?" sighed Hermione. Once again, silence filled the room."Well, I say we head down to the Great Hall," announced Ron. "I need to see how Mum and Dad are doing. Besides, I'm starving."Everyone chuckled, as Ron always had a tendency to be driven by his stomach. With that first light hearted moment of the day, the Gryffindors paraded down to see what awaited them in the Great Hall. That room had always been the gathering spot at Hogwarts, and such was again the case today. The many sleeping bags of every conceivable size and shape that were piled up in the corner indicated that a large number of people had slept here overnight. The room was filled with people talking and eating breakfast while house elves busily brought out platters of food. Several of the ghosts of Hogwarts were floating around the room, and Nearly Headless Nick swooped straight through Harry as he entered, filling Harry as always with a feeling of cold chills. But Nick seemed so happy that Harry didn't mind so much. As Harry glanced around the room, he suddenly saw Mrs. Weasley fly by him, rushing to embrace Ron and Ginny. Mr. Weasley, unable to keep up, was following behind her."You three certainly gave Molly quite a fright last night. I'm afraid with Fred's death she is more than a little skittish about the rest of her family."Hermione and Harry looked guiltily at each other before Harry spoke."I'm sorry. It was all my fault. We hadn't slept since before we broke into Gringotts two days ago. I had just used up every bit of my physical, mental and emotional reserves. I felt that I couldn't go any farther without collapsing."This statement brought Mrs. Weasley's attention back to Harry."Broke into Gringotts? What are you talking about? What in heaven's name would you have been doing there? What other trouble have you three all been getting into since last summer?"It was Hermione's turn to smile. "I think we are going to need an entire day to bring you up to speed on what the three of us have been doing. It is a very long story." Hermione's eyes then lit up and acquired a far away look."Yes, we are going to have to find a way to tell that story," she continued. Then she walked away and began having a conversation with Luna Lovegood, their friend from the Ravenclaw house who had been sitting all alone at a nearby table."I hate it when she does that," laughed Ron. "I half expected to see her head off to the library, just like in the old days whenever she had an idea. In some ways it's like we were never gone, isn't it Harry?"Then Ron looked at his family and remembered it was missing one person. Memories of Fred falling in the struggle filled his mind. During the heat of the battle and his own fight for survival, Ron had been able to put aside his pain and grief. But now those feelings came crashing home. He looked at his family and friends and his voice cracked."What are we going to do about Fred?"Mrs. Weasley's eyes filled with tears and Ginny moved closer as her mother drew her tightly into her arms. Ron's brothers Charlie, Percy and George all stood by silently, hanging their heads. Finally, it was Mr. Weasley who answered."I don't know if you've heard about the service planne for tonight? Well, it has been decided to create a memorial for all who fell here defending Hogwarts and fighting the Dark Lord. They will all be placed in a tomb near Dumbledore's as a reminder to all future students of the sacrifices that were made here. We'll get our chance to say our goodbyes to Fred then."Harry was feeling a little out of place. Though he had always been close with the Weasleys, he felt as if he were intruding on a private moment. He decided it would be best to leave the Weasley family to themselves and join Hermione and Luna for breakfast. As soon as he sat down, the house-elf Kreacher appeared suddenly at his side, giving Harry quite a start."Master Harry, what can Kreacher bring to you for breakfast?""I wish you wouldn't surprise me like that, Kreacher." But Harry soon recovered and noticed how empty his stomach felt. "How about a big plate of the stuff Hermione and Luna are having? And maybe some treacle tarts?""Kreacher is happy to bring breakfast to Master Harry."Hermione seemed to have a slightly disapproving look on her face. Kreacher left and reappeared shortly with one plate heaped with breakfast food and another filled with treacle tarts. Harry couldn't help but remain amazed at the difference that had come over Kreacher's attitude once they had started treating him with respect and kindness. After Kreacher departed, Hermione spoke up."So, Harry, what are you going to do about Kreacher now?""Err  what do you mean?""You sent Kreacher to Hogwarts and didn't free him so that he couldn't give away any of the secrets of the Order of the Phoenix to Voldemort and the Death Eaters. We don't have to worry about that anymore. There is no reason you can't set Kreacher free now.""I don't know about that," answered Harry cautiously. "Remember how much Winky hated being freed. I have a feeling Kreacher will be just as bad.""Oh, Harry!" pleaded Hermione. "You saw how Kreacher led the other house elves during the battle. He's a lot tougher than Winky. You don't want him to be forced to serve you."At that point, Luna dreamily looked up at the two of them and chimed in."Daddy says that freed house-elves all move to Estonia where they worship the Crumple-Horned Snorkacks."Hermione rolled her eyes."Don't you think Kreacher deserves a reward for leading all the house-elves against Voldemort and the Death Eaters?""Well ""Look," said Luna as she pointed to the next table. "Kreacher is right over there.""Kreacher!" called Hermione. "Harry wants to speak to you."Kreacher came over, Regulus Black's locket swinging from his neck, looking as happy as Harry had ever seen him."Kreacher is here. What does Master Harry want?""Well, I wanted to thank you for the help of all the house-elves yesterday. Regulus would have been proud."Kreacher's back straightened and he seemed several inches taller."Were any of the elves hurt?" asked Hermione."None of us were seriously hurt. There were a few bruises from being kicked or stepped on. But those bad wizards never hit any house-elves with their spells.""So, I was wondering what you wish to do from now on, Kreacher.""Kreacher wishes to serve Master Harry.""What I mean is that I don't know what I am going to be doing next. I may not be back here at Hogwarts or at number twelve, Grimmauld Place. Wouldn't you like to be able to stay there sometimes, even if I am elsewhere?""What if Harry freed you Kreacher?" added Hermione. House-elves were freed from servitude to their masters if their masters gave them an article of clothing. "What if he gave you clothes?""Clothes! Clothes! What has Kreacher done to deserve clothes! Have I disappointed Master Harry?"Harry had to reach over to keep Kreacher from banging his head on the table."What I meant to ask, Kreacher," said Harry as he threw a warning glance at Hermione, "is would you be interested in being allowed to stay with me, but also able to go back and visit Regulus' house at any time or work here at Hogwarts if you wished? I could free you, but you could then choose on your own to stay with me or not. I would promise to let you stay at Regulus' house or with me wherever I end up, but it would be your choice.""So, Master Harry is not just trying to get rid of Kreacher?""Not at all, Kreacher," responded Harry. "I just want you to have the freedom to do what you choose.""Kreacher  Kreacher will think about it, Master Harry.""That's good enough for now, Kreacher."Kreacher slowly walked away, and Harry noticed him talking with Winky as he returned to the kitchen. Harry had never really figured out the minds of house-elves, and he couldn't even guess the details of what they would be discussing at the moment.Harry spent the next half hour eating his sausages and tarts while listening to Luna and Hermione argue about some mythical creature or another. He was happy enough to just enjoy the relative normalcy of it all, without getting involved himself. He soon noticed Neville Longbottom approach the table, still carrying the sword of Gryffindor with him.Neville had been the leader of the student revolt at Hogwarts the last year and gained himself yet more fame for confronting Voldemort and killing his pet snake Nagini during the battle. Neville was now far from the low self-esteem student Harry had known throughout his years at Hogwarts. He had grown into a confident leader in his own right. Neville sat down across from Harry and provided the biggest shock Harry had received recently."So Harry, I was just wondering if you have figured out what you are going to say tonight.""Err  say tonight?""Yeah, during the huge service this evening. I hear Hogsmeade is overflowing with people already. Kingsley Shacklebolt is coming as well as most of the rest of the Ministry. Plus all the families of those who died yesterday will be here. You can bet they are all going to want to know what you've been doing the last year and what led to the big battle. I think they will want to be reassured that their loved ones died for a good cause.""He's right you know, Harry," added Hermione. "People will be expecting to hear from you tonight."Harry groaned inside. He was a shy person by nature, and he had no desire either to speak in front of a crowd of people or describe what he had been doing the last several months."I can't tell everyone what we were doing. That was just supposed to be for you, Ron and me to know," protested Harry. He immediately remembered how Aberforth Dumbledore had said that his brother had been a natural at keeping secrets from others. Harry suddenly thought that he was starting to act the same way."That's over now Harry. There is no longer any reason to keep everything secret," replied Hermione. "Look, I'll help you prepare. You don't have to give all the details of what we have been doing, just the highlights.""There will be other speakers, Harry," added Neville. "I know Kingsley Shacklebolt will update us on what the Ministry is doing, and I hear there will be some word about the future of Hogwarts. There will be plenty of other speakers talking about their friends and loved ones who died. For insteance, I know Parvati Patil is going to talk a little about Lavender.""What about Firenze?" interrupted Hermione. Firenze was a centaur who had left the Forbidden Forest at to come to Hogwarts and teach Divination classes. Firenze had given up his place in the herd in order to help out Professor Dumbledore, and then given his life defending Hogwarts in the recent battle."What about him?" answered Neville. "He is getting honored and buried with all the others.""I mean, I wonder if the other centaurs will be offended in any way. You know how they don't like to associate with wizards. Maybe we should see what the other centaurs want."Harry reluctantly agreed with Hermione, and decided there was no reason to delay. Besides, the idea of getting away from the crowd in the Great Hall appealed to him. Perhaps his time spent with just Hermione and sometimes Ron had made Harry adverse to being near large groups of people. He stood up and began to look around at the crowd gathered in the hall. There was no way he was going to tempt fate by going out into the forest alone. The centaurs had warned him in no uncertain terms in the past that humans were not welcome."Has anyone seen Hagrid? I don't want to go out into the Forbidden Forest without him. The centaurs seem to be willing to tolerate him in the forest.""The Ministry was rounding up the giants, so Hagrid took off with Grawp," Neville explained. "I would guess they went back up to the cave where they had been hiding out.""I think we should go see if Hagrid is in his cabin," concluded Hermione. "We can check to see if he and Grawp are okay, and see if we can get his help talking to Bane, Ronan, Magorian and the other centaurs."Harry and Hermione excused themselves from the table and went back over to the Weasley family. Hermione brought along a plate of left over treacle tarts and gave them to a grateful Ron, who had been so busy with his family that he had not yet found time to eat. Harry slipped unobtrusively next to Ginny and wrapped his arm around her waist while Ginny leaned her head lightly against him. Only George seemed to notice, and he gave Harry a quick wink before turning back to the conversation where Hermione was now speaking."Harry and I are heading out to see if we can find Hagrid. We thought someone should ask Bane and the other centaurs if they want to participate in the service tonight.""That's an excellent idea," said Mr. Weasley. "We should have though of that.""I just saw Hagrid back at his cabin about half an hour ago," added George. "He must have taken Grawp away so he wouldn't get rounded up by the Ministry with all the rest of the giants.""I'm coming with you," said Ron. "I gotta see how Hagrid is doing.""Me, too!" added Ginny, determined not to be left behind anymore.The four of them left the castle and strolled along the familiar grounds towards Hagrid's cabin. It was turning into a beautiful, sunny day, and ahead they saw the familiar sight of smoke gently rising from Hagrid's dwelling. As Harry walked, he felt like he was at home. So many pleasant memories flashed into his mind, such as the visits to see Hagrid, the Care of Magical Creatures classes, the many Quidditch practices and the excitement of the Quidditch games. And best of all, the many days last spring spent on the grounds talking and studying with Ginny.They reached the cabin and knocked on the old wooden door. After waiting a bit they knocked again, and finally a sleepy looking Hagrid appeared in the entrance."Harry! Ron! Hermione! Ginny! Good ter see yeh lot! Come on in."They came into the cabin and Hagrid made a pot of tea."Yeh all are looking pretty good. Got through yesterday all righ', eh?"There was an embarrassed quiet in the room, then finally Ron spoke."We're okay  but they killed Fred.""They got Fred, eh? Dang shame. He and George were always two of my favorites. They're good lads, could always make me grin. Rest o' the family all right?""A little stunned. Physically the rest of the family is in good shape," said Ginny, "but Mum's not taking it well.""She'll come around, just stick close to 'er. She's a tough lady. But Harry, tell me what happened in the forest. I saw him kill yeh with the Avada Kedavra curse. Even Mrs. Malfoy said yeh was dead. How'd yeh come back?"All eyes turned to Harry, who seemed to consider the question for a while before speaking. He really wasn't in the mood to start explaining everything, but he knew he might as well start off with his friends."I'm not entirely sure, but I have a good guess," chuckled Harry as he thought of the times Dumbledore had shared his guesses with him in the past."Just before Snape died, he passed on several of his memories to me, which I was able to watch in Professor Dumbledore's pensieve. In one of those memories, Dumbledore told him that he thought when Voldemort killed my parents, his soul was unstable enough that part of it split off and attached itself to me. That was why I was able to see into Voldemort's mind at times. The combination of my mother's magical protection and the fact that Voldemort used my blood when restoring his body meant that his curse killed off that small part of his own soul without harming the rest of me."Harry's explanation was greeted with silence by the others, until Hagrid spoke up."But when Narcissa Malfoy checked your body, she said yeh was dead.""That was strange. She never checked me, just quietly asked me if Draco was alive. It was like she didn't care if I was dead or not. When I told her that Draco was alive in the castle, she told everyone I was dead. I guess she was more interested in having an excuse to get to check on Draco than she was in helping Voldemort.""Ugh, so we had help from Mrs. Malfoy?" asked Ron. "I'm not sure I know how to deal with that."The five of them swapped more stories from the last few days for awhile, making it almost feel like one of their visits to see Hagrid when they were more carefree Hogwarts students. At least until Hermione changed the subject."Hagrid, we need to talk to Bane and the other centaurs about Firenze and the memorial service. Can you help us find them?""I believe we can find 'em, but I don't know if they will be happy to see yeh. C'mon yeh lot, let's grab Fang and go looking for 'em."Hagrid picked up his crossbow, then the five of them and Hagrid's dog Fang started off for the Forbidden Forest. As they penetrated deeper into the forest, the light was steadily driven from the bright spring day by the increasingly dense, leaf-filled trees. Harry experienced conflicting emotions the farther they went into the woods. While it was a place he had feared since his first year at Hogwarts, it seemed rather tame compared to the other terrors he had experienced in the last year. Ginny either felt Harry's fear or was experiencing her own, as Harry noticed she held his hand during their entire walk in the forest. Ron and Hermione also looked somewhat hesitant, but the most unwilling participant seemed to be Fang, whom Hagrid had always proclaimed to be a coward.They followed a path for about half an hour until they came to a small clearing. Hagrid signaled them to halt, then bellowed in his loudest voice."Bane! Bane!"Hagrid repeated his call every couple of minutes, until finally there was a rustling from the other side of the clearing. Finally, the centaur who Harry recognized as Ronan strolled into view."Good afternoon to you Hagrid  though I thought we warned you that while we tolerate your presence in this forest, these others are not welcome.""This isn't your forest, Ronan, and yeh'll tolerate whoever "Harry immediately interrupted."Ronan, we just wish to talk to Bane and the rest of the centaurs. We'd be happy to do so either here or just outside the forest."Ronan raised his head as if to listen to sounds far off in the distance."I believe we can have a short talk here, as long as you agree to immediately leave the forest when the conversation is complete."Ronan then quietly stood by and watched the group. Ginny, who had not dealt with the centaurs before, whispered a question to the rest."Now what happens? Will we be able to leave freely?"Harry reassured her."As long as we treat the centaurs with the respect they deserve, they should let us leave without any problems."At that moment, they noticed that they were surrounded by a dozen centaurs, each with bow and arrow drawn. One moved to the center of the clearing, whom Harry recognized to be Bane, the leader of the herd."Why have you brought these young ones into our forest, Hagrid?"Harry stepped forward to face Bane."I asked Hagrid to bring us here. We felt there were things going on at Hogwarts about which you needed to be consulted."Bane seemed genuinely taken aback. Besides Dumbledore, he could not ever remember a wizard coming to consult with the centaurs. He quietly consulted with two of the other centaurs before returning to face Harry."What do you wish to speak to us about?""First of all, I wanted to tell you that Firenze died in the battle yesterday."Bane paused before responding."That is unfortunate. However, Firenze had been banished from the herd, so that is no longer a concern of ours.""Err  okay." Though Harry had expected this response, the lack of emotion still surprised him."Anyway, there is going to be a memorial service tonight where all the dead are going to be buried near Dumbledore's tomb. The plan is to bury Firenze along with everyone else. We thought it would be best to check with you to see if that is acceptable."Bane once again seemed surprised. He took a few steps back and whispered with Ronan and Magorian. Then he turned to reply to Harry."As I said before, it is unfortunate Firenze died while involved with human activities. Since he had been banished from the herd, we lay no claim to his body. You may bury him with the others at Hogwarts. Will that be all?""There is one more thing. I was wondering if you would like to participate in the service. You know, maybe your own tribute to a brave centaur.""Do you believe the humans would allow such a thing?""I do not know for sure, but I would think so. If you wished, I would insist on letting you participate, and I seem to have some influence at the moment."Ron sniggered in the background."Perhaps more than a bit, mate."Bane and the other centaurs consulted for a moment, then Bane gave their reply."We wish to thank you for your thoughtfulness, Harry Potter. We shall give this the consideration it deserves. Perhaps we shall see you again tonight."With that the centaurs all turned and melted away into the forest. Hagrid turned and gave Harry a heavy slap on the back."All righ' Harry! I don't think I have ever seen Bane so flustered. Always keep them off balance. Might be the first time a human asked fer his permission fer anything before.""Maybe it's about time someone did," added Hermione."Perhaps."The five of them walked back out of the forest towards Hagrid's cabin. Hagrid went into his home, while the others continued on to the castle. They decided it was time to get back to the Great Hall and find the rest of the Weasley family. Harry was feeling good about their trip to see the centaurs, about being with his friends, and about soon being back with the Weasley family. But then suddenly his stomach started to churn, his appetite disappeared, and his mood turned gloomy. He just remembered that he was going to have to stand up and speak in front of everyone tonight.OoOoOReview and follow please.
