The Trouble with Scorpius MalfoyChapter 1Dear Mum,Al and I were so scared before the sorting. Neither of us wanted to be in Slytherin! Thank god I'm in Ravenclaw! After the sorting I went with Al to the Gryffindor common room and Al actually knelt down by the fire place in the common room and said a prayer along the lines of " Thank Merlin, thank Merlin, thank Merlin, thank Merlin." This went on for a good few minutes before James said " I'd go to bed now or the Sorting Hat might change its mind!" Al scurried of to bed after that. Uncle Harry said he didn't mind what house Al was in because HE was nearly put in Slytherin! I didn't know that before Al told me on the train. Now onto a different subject, Scorpius Malfoy is the most vile, disgusting, little twerp I have ever met. He seems it have made it his mission to annoy me as much as possible. I reckon that his father put him up to it. You know the one dad always calls a bas... Actually I won't write that word, it would probably set my parchment on fire, literally. So far I've had History of Magic, Charms, Transfiguration, Defence Against the Dark Arts and of course Herbology. They are all great. Will you tell Lils that I can't wait till she starts. I can't have any girly chats with anyone at the mo. Victoire is always to busy snogging Teddy's face off... Any way I have to go now if I want to get to my second ever herbology lesson on time.Give my love to everyone,Rosie xxxP.S. No I will not give professor Longbottom your "love!"I ran down all seven flights of atairs after sending my owl Buttercup (don't ask!) off with the letter for mum. I took the last flight of stairs three at a time and as I was about to run into the greenhouse I ran straight into a hard body and fell on my bum."Oh I'm so sor- oh it's YOU Weasley. Late for lessons. That's not like you. According to my father your mother was just the same!""So does your father talk about my mum a lot then?" I retorted."What no!"I shoved past and got to my seat just as Professor Longbottom called my name.Ha! Malfoy missed the register."Today we will be re-potting Mandrakes. Now can anybody tell me what Mandrakes do?My hand shot up."Ah Rose. How's your mum?""Professor!""Sorry! Carry on.""Mandrake, or Mandragora, is a powerful restorative. It is used to change people who have been transfigured or cursed, to their original state. Also the cry of the Mandrake is fatal to anybody who hears it.""Fabulous Rose. Did you know that is almost exactly what your mother said in our second year? Any way. Take 20 points for Gryffindor. The mandrakes we have are still very young so their cry won't kill. But it WILL knock you out for a couple of hours so be careful." Professor Longbottom moved over to a long bench along the side of the green house and grabbed a tub of green or red earmuffs."Take your house colour and when I tell you to put them on and make sure they are on properly. When it is safe to take them of I will give you a thumbs up." Everyone went forwards and grabbed a pair."Earmuffs on." Professor Longbottom then proceeded to the middle bench and grasped the top of a tufty looking plant and pulled. It had green, wrinkled skin and was very clearly screaming at the top of its tiny lungs. He then unceremoniously plunged it into a larger plant pot full of soil. Professor Longbottom then gave the thumbs up and said"Four to a tray. These are the groups. Rose, Albus, Scorpius, Aroura. Lucy, Alice, Noah..." Just my luck. I'm stuck with my numpty of a cousin, Malfoy AND Parkinson! This lesson is going to be a nightmare!
