A/n. I forgot to add this before. I do not own Harry potter or the wizarding world I wish I did. That honor goes to ms j.k Rowling.Thank you for reading xx"Please, Severus" the old man begged"I can't" he replied through gritted teeth"You have too, to save us all" Dumbedore commandedThe bat like professor hung his head and sighed "Avada Kedavra" a green light shot out of the wand and Albus Dumbledore fell from the Astronomy tower.The death eaters cheered but soon turned and started to run as far from the castle as can be. They were not fools, once word of the invasion had spread they would be outnumbered.Harry was still stuck against the wall unable to move. He was confused by what he had just witnessed. Trying to focus and replay what he seen in his mind.He and Dumbelore had arrived on the astronomy tower on brooms, courtesy of Madame Rosemertta. Dumbledore looked so weak and tired but he soon sprang into action when he head footsteps approaching. Quickly he through harry against the wall and put him in a body binding curse. Harry was furious but when he tried to scream and shout nothing came out. He just looked on hopelessly knowing there was nothing he could do to help now.A dark figure approached Harry squirmed internally he would recognize that mass of dark messy curls anywhere."I know something you don't know" Bellatrix sang in her bloodcurdling baby voice."I find that doubtful Ms LeStrange but please do enlighten me to those issues to which I am so woefully ignorant" Dumbledore's eyes twinkled in the moonlight and he showed no sign of the feeble old man he was a few minutes ago. Bellatrix sneered. "Your end is near, Professor" she spat "He comes now"Dumbledore showed no surprise at this but Harry did.How could Dumbledore keep me stuck here if Voldermort was in his way. In his mind Harry struggled and thrashed about but his body remained completely still.Harry focused back on the conversation happening just above him."You do not care, professor? I thought you would have at least tried an escape"Dumbledore appeared to consider her question " Unlike you and your kind, Bellatrix, I do not fear death or what shall become of me once my life is snuffed out"Voices began shouting in the near distance."Yay!" Bellatrix exclaimed "Your time is up its time for you to meet the one at whose hand your life shall be taken."Harry heard a heavy set of footprints enterThe witch continued " The Dark Lord selected he who would cause you the most pain""Yes, I rather thought he would be to cowardly to commit this act himself" Dumbledore said more to himself than anyone in particularBellatrix screamed "You Dare!-""Please calm yourself Bellatrix and let us get on with this quickly! Word is spreading there is an invasion in the castle" this silky loathsome voice harry knew only too well, his potions professor. Severus Snape, Harry's head spun, he knew all along he was a death eater, Dumbledor had always trusted him blindly, he was a fool for that. Harry silently screamed every last swear he could think of at snape, even a few he had made up himself.Suddenly harry heard dozens of footsteps were heading in this direction followed by shouts of "do it Severus" "now they're coming" by various different voices. Harry tried to focus"Please, Severus" the old man begged"I can't" Snape spat"You have too, to save us all" Dumbedore almost commandedThe bat like professor hung his head and sighed. "It can only be this way" almost pleading with the man he so badly betrayed. Snapes black eyes glared into the cool blue of his colleague "Avada Kedavra" a green light shot out of the wandharry could have swore it didn't hit his beloved headmaster as somehow, he was already falling.If he didn't know any better harry would've sworn that Albus Dumbledore jumped off of the Astronomy tower.But that didn't make sense surely? Harry decided his eyes were playing tricks on him.
