Chapter 1I welcomed the rush of summer air against my skin, it threatened to peel my eyelids off, but this was me. I was in my element."JAMES" I bellowed, "STOP HOGGING THE QUAFFLE AND PASS IT TO ME" I demanded.With audible grumbling, he promptly did. The goal was in sight, a slight gap in the trees, held open by magic of course. Racing towards the target, I keenly tuned my peripheral vision to any blur of movement, anticipating the opponent's defence. Sure enough, Eve, my sister appeared to my left, almost matching my speed. I waited for another shape to appear to my right, let them try I thought to myself with a smile, I've gotten myself out of that a million times. As the goal approached, I frowned. Where is he?Deciding I had faced a rare stroke of luck, I pegged the quaffle as hard as I could and watched as it smoothly sailed towards the goal.In a flash it disappeared. I blinked.Slowly, a familiar head of black curls accompanied with a wolfish grin ascended into my horizontal line of vision."Now really Bella," He started. I rolled my eyes as I prepared myself for the gloating. "I've got to tell you I was actually prepared to give you that goal  No really  I had no idea you'd be dim enough to fall for that. But alas, again I give you the benefit of the doubt when you are undeserving. Remind me to take your right side next time, surely you would have at least had that covered.""Really Bells, anyone would have seen that coming a mile away" James interjected. I fixed him the most vicious glare I could muster, to which he stuck out his stupid tongue."Alright, alright let's call it a day, I'm famished" Eve put in, hoping to put an end to the never ending banter that would surely ensue between me and Sirius.It took another half an hour for us to leave the apple orchard and fly to James' house. Both mine and James' houses sat on top of two separate hills located right next to each other. Between the two hills was the apple orchard which we had been playing quidditch in since we could sit on a broom by ourselves.James and I are family friends of sorts. Obviously being long time neighbours and of magical descent, our families were as close as blood relatives, so James was the brother that I never had. Eve was years older than both of us and married and living in France. She'd just come down with Peter (her husband) for the summer holidays.As for myself, my name is Bella Harper, my parents are both wizards and I have inherited mums rich black hair which currently reaches my waist. I owe my tanned skin and exotic appearance to some cheeky grandmother who eloped with a Spanish hunk somewhere along the family tree. Two words. Thank. You.Sirius of course was living with James now, ever since he had fled his own radical pureblood family.My relationship with Sirius is much more ambiguous. We were definitely close, everyone knew that. There was banter, not the sleazy kind he exchanged with his target desires, but the playful kind that's just enough to differentiate the relationship from mine and James'. He was a constant source of confusion to me. I would be lying if I said I've never liked him in a romantic way, but never the kind of pursuing desire that made me wish he was my boyfriend, or made me bitter about his girlfriends. Just the kind that gives me flutters in the stomach when he comes up with an exceptionally flirty comment, or just makes me appreciate his company.Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew were supposed to join us for a week this holidays however Peter had a Great Aunt visiting from Scotland, and Remus declined for unknown reasons which James and Sirius would not disclose to me.We trooped into the Potter's massive house and headed straight for the kitchen. Sirius and James were already downing Mrs P's muffins when she walked in with a very motherly stern look upon her face."Now settle down boys, I have something important that you might want to take a look at." She revealed three letters adorned with Hogwarts seals."OUR O.W.L's!" I squealed. I really wasn't that excited but the moment demanded some form of theatrics.Eagerly ripping apart the papers we scrutinized our results before conferring. "All EE's and an O's for Defence and Transfiguration" Sirius immediately boasted."SAME" James bellowed. Cue high five.Suddenly my paper was snatched from my fingers. Sirius turned to me with a grin. "Oh Bella, I'm so sorry. I mean that is just such a shame. Five Outstanding's and just one Exceeds Expectations? What went wrong in Arithmancy? Do you need some extra help? You should really see McGonagall about those horrific grades.""Shut up" I blushed."How did you all do?" Mrs P asked politely, re-entering the kitchen. After discussing our results, and a fair few tight hugs and kisses later, we settled down at the table to enjoy the muffins."Your equipment list came as well, we'll have to head to Diagon Alley tomorrow" Mrs Potter sighed."Do you think Lily will be there Bells?" James inquired hopefully. Sirius and I rolled our eyes.Whatever this year is going to shape up to be, one thing was for sure, James was never going to get over Lily Evans.
