"Happy thirty-fifth birthday, Harry!" his wife, Ginny, exclaimed, carrying out a large birthday cake. His friends were due to arrive any moment, and Harry grinned at the redheaded women."Happy birthday Daddy!" his youngest child, Lily exclaimed, running up to him and hugging him tightly."Thank you Lily!" Harry exclaimed, ruffling her hair affectionately. She was the most carefree of his children, and as the youngest, held a special place in his heart.James and Albus carried in presents, smiling. "Getting old Dad, I think I'm spotting a few grey hairs!" James exclaimed, and Harry shook his head at the oldest. Why he had thought it was a good idea to name him after the two biggest troublemakers Hogwarts had ever seen, he wasn't sure. James was the loudest, got in the most trouble, and was hands down the most joking kid he'd had the pleasure of meeting."I'm not getting any quite yet, and I'm still young enough to be fighting Dark wizards." Harry grumbled, shaking his head."I think he was joking, Dad." Albus said, quietly. Albus was the quietest of the three, and the most sensible, although Harry expected nothing less due to his namesakes."I know, Al." Harry said, smiling."I think some people are finally arriving. I swear, is it that hard for people to be on time?" Harry heard Ginny ask."Ginny, I don't think anyone's ever on time." Harry said. "What made you think it'd be different this year?""I don't know. I'll just keep hoping they gain their sense one day."Finally, there was a knock on the door and his friends, Hermione, Ron, Neville, Luna, Dean and Seamus came in, along with their kids and the rest of the surviving Weasleys. Birthdays were always large celebrations in their family, and the house wound up full of excitable children, happy adults, and more balloons than one could shake a stick at."Happy birthday mate!" Ron exclaimed, patting his friend on the back."Happy birthday Harry." said Hermione, giving her friend a hug."Good to see you guys!" Harry exclaimed, smiling."Blow out the candles and make a wish, Dad!" James exclaimed, pointing to the cake. "It's been dripping wax for ten minutes. At this rate, we won't be able to get to the cake!""Glad we know about your priorities, James. I'll hurry up, for the sake of your cake. Now, what do I have to wish for?" he asked, smiling."I dunno, a new Lightning Strike for each of your kids?"After rolling his eyes at James, he looked at his kids' smiling faces and his friends, then realized the two people missing from the picture.I wish Voldemort never killed my parents. He blew the candles out, smiling. There was no way it could come true, but it was the only thing he could think of.After the party, he had received several new sweaters, a large box of chocolates, a Quidditch set, and the newest broom on the market, a Lightning Strike. He also received some homemade snowglobes from the younger children, as well as some hand drawn cards.He and Ginny tucked their kids into bed and went into their bedroom. "I love you, Harry." said Ginny."I love you too, Ginny." said Harry."What did you wish for?" she asked."For the same thing I've been wishing for since I was two." he said, smiling."Maybe it will come true." she said, jokingly.He laughed a bit. "Nothing can bring back the dead, I know that."A/N: Sorry this is short, I promise most my chapters are longer than this! I will do my best to update twice a week, on Thursdays and Mondays, during the summer, since I have time and I have a fair deal already written. Thanks for reading!
