Hey guys, this is my first fanfic and I really want reviews. Positive criticism! Do tell me if it's too long or too short!Lily looked out of the train as the images passed on byremembering how the summer had passed by. It had been a complete waste of time. The summer had consisted of Petunia calling her a freak with her walrus-like boyfriend, Vernon and her getting a letter. In fact, she was staring at the letter right now. In loopy handwriting, it said:Dear Ms. Evans,It is my great pleasure to let you know that you have been selected as the Head Girl for this year. As Head Girl, it is your duty to guide and lead the students of Hogwarts, and I am sure you shall do this befittingly. You shall meet the head Boy on the train at at 2:00 and I am sure you shall complement each other.Sincerely,Lily stared at the badge in her hand. Suddenly, the door slid open and two sweating girls came in. One was glowering. "Lily!" cried Roxaline Walters, her best friend. She had blond hair and blue eyes, with a sharp face."Why do you look so mad?" asked Lily.Annabella Atkins, Lily's other best friend said, "Oh, don't ask her," she said, her grey eyes glinting. "She met up with Sirius Black on the way."Lily laughed. Sirius and Annabella had been enemies from fourth year, the same year she and James Potter (Sirius's best friend) had been enemies. Potter had constantly been asking her out. Speaking of Potter, where was he? He usually came looking for her on the train. He was an annoying, big headed prat.Lily hugged both her friends. They began chatting about who the head boy would be. The best picks were Amos Diggory, Remus Lupin and Don Miller."Hey James, you can't do this to us, please. Our pranks are over! It's bad enough that Moony broke his promise to us. Now you do! Prongsie, no!" Sirius whined.James rolled his eyes. "I did not ask for this," he said pointing to the Head Boy badge with disdain."Padfoot, isn't it good James is the head boy?" Peter asked timidly. He was plump, watery eyed and short, but a Maurader all the same."Merlin, no! Wormy, we lost our pet stag, our Prongs!" Sirius whined. His grey eyes had a mischievous glint in them and his shoulder length black hair was tousled because of running his hands through it."It is good that James will now learn to be responsible," said Moony aka Remus Lupin, a reluctant participant in the other three Marauders' pranks, but a Maurader all the same."A typical Moony answer!" moaned Sirius, and James rolled his eyes."For the last time, Padfoot, I want to try to be mature this year. This is my last shot with Lily. I need her to go out with me. She's so perfect.." James said with a dreamy look over his eyes.Sirius snorted. "Lover Boy.""You're the one to talk," noted Remus dryly."Excuse me? I, Sirius Black, will never be in love," Sirius declared."But you are in love," Remus countered."He is?" asked James, tearing his mind away from Lily."He is," said Remus with a smirk. "We ran into someone on the way over here. And the someone got very mad at Sirius. And her name is Roxaline Walters.""Hey!" Sirius shouted. "I bloody hate her!"The other three looked around uncomfortably. Moony had mistakenly chosen a bad topic. Sirius and Roxaline had been best friends till there fourth year. Until one night when it all came crashing down. Nobody knew what had happened that night. But it had resulted in Sirius and Roxaline being enemies for life."Sirius," James asked softly. "What happened that night?""I-I don't want to talk about it," said Sirius in a pained voice. His grey eyes were cracked and Sirius seemed to talk through a haze of pain."You know we're here for you, right?" Remus said. Sirius nodded.James checked his watch and unfortunately had to make his way out the compartment to see Dumbledore, severely hoping that the head girl was Lily. He had liked her every day since he had come to Hogwarts. But it was only until third year when he got the guts to ask her out. He had no idea why she said no."Lils, do you like Potter?" asked Roxaline."WHAT?" screeched Lily. "How would you even get such an idea?""No, I don't have such an idea. Anna thinks that I'm in love with Sirius and that's only possible if you like Potter," Roxaline said."Anna," said Lily frowning. "You know that's not true.""Yeah," Roxaline stated. "What about you and Remus?"Anna blushed a dark shade of crimson. "What about him?" asked Anna."Hey guys, I'm really sorry, but gotta go," said Lily.She left her compartment hoping that the Head Boy would be Amos Diggory. Boy, he was hot. Trying not to think dirty thoughts of him, she reached the compartment. The door slid open and the head boy said, "Hello, Evans."The world was crashing around now. No, it was upside down. What was Dumbledore thinking? Complement each other? Lily thought that it was likely as the time when the Dark Arts wouldn't exist."You?" she said in outrage. "What are you doing here? I want to see the head boy!"He looked at her sadly; hurt flashing in his hazel eyes. Oddly, that made her guilty. "I am the head boy, Lily," he said.She was so outraged she couldn't speak. "Well, he continued, Dumbledore left a notice here. It says to go to the prefect's compartment and to instruct them.""You! What would you instruct anybody on? Tell them to be a big headed prat like you?" Lily said, defiance on her face."Lily," he said in an odd tone of gentleness, "I don't care what you think of me, but for the sake of the school, can we be civil? Friends?"She was stunned for a moment, but then recovered. "No," she said stiffly. "Classmates or acquaintances.""Very well, Evans," James sighed.So she was back to being Evans?As they were going outside, a squeal was heard and a flash of blond hair threw itself upon James. "Jamie-poo, I missed you!" she said. She was a leggy blond and looking at her slutty clothes, Lily instantly disliked her. And there was something she couldn't place, but she was angry with the girl for hugging James.James looked embarrassed. "Hey Rosalinda," he said to the girl. "Meet the head girl Lily Evans. Evans, this is my girlfriend, Rosalinda.""Hi," Rosalinda sneered.Lily just gave a tight smile in return. Honestly, this girl had such a ridiculous name. And what was she doing with James. James deserved better than herWait what? James and Sirius were a slutty as this girl. They deserved someone like her of course.But was Rosalinda the reason why Potter hadn't asked her out? Even if he was with another girlfriend, he always asked her out. Was it possible he was changing?They went into the Prefect's compartment.As they briefed the prefects, Lily couldn't help thinking that Potter was doing everything professionally, and had been helping Lily a lot, even though she had done most of the talking. And he seemed polite, andWhoa, thought Lily. End of good thoughts for Potter. The meeting ended, and of course Potter had to follow her to her compartment. "Why are you coming with me?" Lily demanded."My compartment is right beside yours, and as acquaintances, it is my right to walk with you," potter said seriously. Usually he would have replied with, "I'm trying to think how I can ask you out."Lily was just about to say something scathing in return when the cry of "Jamie-poo!" was heard again and the nightmare of squeals came there and started snogging, yes snogging James in the middle of the corridor. It was driving Lily nuts. Come to think of it, what house was the girl in?When they had finished a passionate one minute long snog, Lily asked pointedly, "So, what house are you in?"Rosalinda giggled and said, "Oh, Jamie-poo likes Hufflepuffs, doesn't he," she said giving him a look that would make even a troll sick."Ten points from Hufflepuff," Lily said coldly."Why?" James said, looking outraged."You are a head boy now, and we are in the middle of a corridor. You cannot start snogging over here," Lily said, anger beginning to rise. "Set an example for the students!""Then why did you deduct the points from Hufflepuff? You should've deducted them from Gryffindor!" he said heatedly."She started it," Lily said just as heatedly. "And I'm giving you one more chance as acquaintances. But this doesn't mean I'm not upset with you." She spun on her heals and walked out."Mate, overdramatic, isn't she," said Sirius, who had appeared out of nowhere."I don't know what I did," James said miserably."Well you heard her," said Remus, who had appeared out of nowhere with Sirius and Peter. "You ought to set an example.""Well, he's my boyfriend, and I get to do anything I like with him," Rosalinda sneered at him."Enough!" James raised his hands and shouted. "Look, we've been at Hogsmeade already for five minutes and all I've done is argue and listen to arguments! Let's go!"James was feeling forlorn, not angry. He didn't wish to remember the summer, but flashes of it raced by every five seconds. And Lily and Rosalinda weren't helping matters. Lily was just as beautiful as he remembered. He had fashioned out a plan in the summer about how to get over Lily by hooking up with with Rosalinda, but it wasn't working very well. And the incident in the summer.And the summer had been another thing. He had no idea why it had happened. People were telling him it would be Ok, but nothing would ever be Ok anymore. Now the only person left was Lily. The only person he loved.The four of them stumbled through the last carriage only to find it was half full. Three girls sat inside it: Lily, Annabella and Roxaline. By their luck, Lily ended up squished against James, Roxaline jammed into Sirius and Annabella and Remus (who looked quite comfortable) glued to each other. Peter was uncomfortable, mashed up against Rosalinda, who was shooting lily dirty looks.Lily cursed herself for thinking of the way how warm James' body was, and how muscular it felt. She could see his angular jaw, which was tensed. She cursed herself for being late. It was all because of bloody Potter! She was so angry with him that she lost her way on the train. But she was angry with Rosalinda the most of all. She could still here the snogging moans from her and Potter. And Potter hadn't asked her out! Not that she cared.To say something, it was the most awkward carriage ride of the century.And that was the understatement of the century.But as the warmth of the Great Hall soon enveloped her, she felt the awkwardness and anger rise, and took her seat. The smell of food was overpowering and she hoped the sorting would be over soon. It was, and she started the feast. It was delicious as usual.Anna voiced what Lily had been thinking. "It's weird this is the last time this is going to happen. I mean us being all grown up and in the seventh year.""Well," Roxaline said, "It is. It's been a second home. And it's the last year for Potter to ask Lils out and last year for her to say yes.""Roxa!" Lily exclaimed, flushing deeply.Suddenly all talk was suspended as Dumbledore stood for the welcoming speech. "Welcome, first years, and welcome back, older students," he said with a wide smile and booming voice."I shall not tarry with the time. I have a very important thing to tell you. These are dark times and Lord Voldemort is rising." The assembly flinched. "We cannot deny this anymore. In these times we must stick together and be united. Hogwarts has never required unity more than this. Our four houses are a reminder of our founders' unity and we must be like our founders. Lord Voldemort's followers, the death eaters are everywhere. And in this we are not sure who to trust." Lily saw fear in all the students' eyes, but the Slytherins looked triumphant."But remember, any student in Hogwarts who asks for help shall get it." And on that note, he sent them all off.Lily was making her way to the Gryffindor dorm when she suddenly remembered that the head students had a dorm of their own now. She wondered how James would harass now that they had the same common room. She really hoped he wouldn't, ah, exploit her innocence. What was the password again? Dumbledore had mentioned it"Spring Valleys," said Lily and gasped as she saw the common room.It had soaring arches, and was a large airy room. There were comfy sofas all over the place and the fire burned merrily. It was huge. There was a sign that said: Head Girl's room. She was about to go to it, when she saw another sign that said: head boy's room. Out of it came a surprisingly, shirtless James Potter with an undie-clad Rosalinda."Potter!" screamed Lily. "Go to your room!" She couldn't help observing his abs.He looked at her in surprise. "Shit, Evans," he said running his hands through his hair and Lily's mental response was "He's so sexy!" "I didn't know you were there.""The hell you didn't!" Lily said."Well," James said getting angry, "It's my common room, too.""It's mine too!" Lily said, her hands clenched.James shoulders' slumped. "I don't want to fight. I'm sorry. Come on Rosalinda," he said as he went up the stairs leaving Lily speechless.For some reason, as she went to sleep, the last thought on her mind was James. And someone had once said to her, 'The first and last person you think about in the day is the person closest to your heart or the person you hate the most.'She chose the latter.How was it? I'm hoping for at least 6 reviews. Pretty please? If you've read my work just take 10 second of your time to enter one word. I'll mention my thanks to you in the next chapter.Have a great summer!
