AN- The 'Queen' has written, and apparently changed her mind again. Back in the dark ages, when first book seven was released, one of the tidbits she gave up in an interview was that Ron worked with George to get WWW going after Fred's death and then went on to a career as an auror. In the article she wrote just recently (July 2014) as RIta Skeeter for Pottermore, she let us know that Ron worked as an auror for 2 years and THEN went to work for George. At least she did not act on the last bomb she dropped, that she wishes she had married Harry to Hermione... For most of my Potter fan fiction I Plan on keeping to her original pronouncement on Ron's life, but I could not resist a little one-shot playing with this new information. (as for my locking Rita away in my fics and JKR having her working along side Ginny at the paper, we all knew I was just wishful writing...LOL) I guess the plot bunnies are fixated on Rita's two articles. Here is another very short fic, my take on the real story behind the gossip.GinnyBegins April 10th 2014GinnyCurled up in the big master bed was Ginny and Harry Potter, three sleepy children between them. It was late and momma was leaving for her work in the morning. James, the oldest at almost 8 years old, was very proud of his famous ex quidditch playing momma who now reported for the daily prophet and with Uncle Lee for the cableless. She was going to Padasomething to cover the opening of the World cup.Daddy had said that the next few months meant momma would be away a lot but every game she covered he could watch her on the telly. James was trying to be a big brave boy but if anyone had look closely while his momma read their nighttime story, they would have seen a slight quiver to the lip of the Potters oldest.Lee and Ginny mercifully were alone in the Prophet area of the British section of the camp reserved for reporters. There had been a big brouhaha the first morning they had arrived, someone at the prophet had forgotten to reserve Rita Skeeter a tent for the duration of the games. She had thrown almost as big of a temper tantrum as when she had been told by the Prophet's owner and editor that Ginny was to be the lead reporter for the duration of the world cup coverage and that she would only be needed for fluff filler pieces. They had no idea where Rita was staying, they were just both glad it was not here.Tomorrow was the opening ceremonies, today she and Lee had a run trough and filmed a few sit down filler pieces. She had also sent in a short teaser piece for the paper. Tonight she was going to her tent and getting a good nights sleep, something all the good reporters would be short on in the coming months.Merlin's saggy y fronts! What a cluster that was! Lee had cut off coverage at the first sight of blood in the lake, a smart move that avoided exposing the thousands watching at home to the traumatic spectacle those at the site had experienced. Ginny was currently on her way to interview Rolf, one of the magizoologists trying to contain the carnage.As she tiredly ate a quick breakfast she was glad yesterday's game was mercifully short. She raised her mug to the hope that todays match would be textbook and settle the crowd down a bit. Later that night as her runner disappeared to take a port key back with her article she decided she just might as well buckle in, it looked as if this World cup was going to be a bumpy ride.Ginny reluctantly packed her bag, glad the cup did not happen every ear. She had gotten home June 12th, now, July 2nd, she was on her way back to the desert to report on the rest of the cup action. At least the family would be joining her for the final.Besides being tired, covering all the matches, the team press conferences and the individual interviews she was doing for both the paper and the cableless the agony of having to work close to that bug of a woman was taking a toll on Ginny. At least tomorrow she would see Harry and her babies. How she had missed them! Hopefully she would not me in some argentine jail for hexing Rita.Ginny was beyond livid, currently the VIP camping area where the DA were camped was a simmering cauldron. How dare that idiot write those things! How the hell did the Prophet get off printing that garbage. Perhaps it was time she take Lee's offer of working full time for him!Thank Godric! She and her family were going home. She had almost made it through the final with her temper in check but that bitch had it coming! After a rest she would see if she stayed with that rag of a pper.
