Chapter 1: When Curiosity and Mother's Instinct MixThis is the first story that I've written in this style for a long time. Tell what you think.Molly Weasley was walking in the small forest close to her house. Arthur was watching the kids. Bill and Charlie were old enough to watch their siblings as well. She heard screaming and crying and ran towards the source. She reached a small clearing she saw a little girl with golden brown hair and dark green eyes crying. She looked around her son Ron's age."I'm Caroline Hale, I was bitten by a snake and the poison is already in my system. Please take care of my daughter Delaney for me." She croaked."I'm Molly Weasley, how old is she?""She's three." She said with her last breath.Molly looked over at the little girl she was smiling shyly at her. Molly picked her up she was hesitant at first but she settled down and Molly walked towards the house. The should call some aurors or something"Molly?" Arthur asked."We need to call some aurors." She said."Why and who is this little one?" He asked looking down into her arms"This is Delaney Hale, her mum died in the forest from a snake bite.""Didn't she have her wand?""I'm pretty sure she was a squib or possibly a muggle."Her husband nodded as their oldest son Bill walked up to us he was almost 13."Hey mum have a nice walk?""Yes, thanks son."He smiled and asked "Who is this?""This is Delaney, she'll probably be staying with us for awhile."He nodded not even questioning anything."How old is she?" Arthur asked."I'm this many." Delaney said holding up three fingers.Molly smiled at the little girl. She had already stolen her heart. She put her down in the playpen with her two youngest Ron who was her age and Ginny who was a year younger. She called the aurors and led them to the body. They told her they have to find Delaney's birth records they were probably in a muggle hospital. Despite being quite shy Delaney meshed well with Ginny and Molly's older twin boys Fred and George. She seemed to have a love/hate thing going on with Ron but Molly couldn't tell.Meanwhile, in another town.Dr. Jacob Granger and his wife Dr. Jane Granger walked in their house with their almost four year old daughter Hermione."There's a message on the machine, dear." Jane told her husband.He pushed the button to listen to the message."Hello this is Constable Harrison, I'm sorry I have some bad news your cousin was found dead in a forest on the outskirts of Ottery St. Catchpole after being bitten by a snake.""What about her daughter, Delaney." Jacob wondered."Her three year old daughter Delaney was taken in by a resident of Ottery St. Catchpole, Molly Weasley.""That's a relief but I think we should go check this woman out just to be sure.""Good point." Jane agreed."Yay, I get to see Delaney!" Hermione clapped.The couple smiled at their daughter. She had always been close with Delaney despite being almost a year older. It was a few days later now they went to meet this woman. They knocked on the door of the house.
