Disclaimer: I am not JK Rowling and I never will be. Urg Which means *shudders* I will neverownHarry Potter. There, I said it, you happy yetA/N: This fic has just been itching to be written down, so I decided it shall be done. This won't be updated on the same schedule as my other fic, The Grey Forest, but more often than not, it will updated whenever I have writer's block or when I have a plot bunny, which is more often than you think it would be. I have a LOT of time on my hands, no school and all, and I've been at home alone, writing and singing at the top of my lungs.Brother! Wait, Sister?J. WaylettChapter OneHarry James Potter opened his eyes and he could hear the rumbling of a noisy kitchen underneath his bedroom floor. He knew that both of his brothers and all four of his sisters were awake and his father was still sleeping in as it was his day off. His mother was cooking on the stove top and was currently flipping some bacon while telling off his brother for picking on their youngest sister, Willow.He knew all of this without even really knowing. He could just tell. He had always been like that.He rolled out of bed and threw on some clothing, not bothering to shower or even look in the mirror. As he made his way down the stairs he pulled back his lower back-length black hair into a braid with a silver ribbonhe always kept his hair long. Yesterday had been his sixteenth birthday and he was expected for his magical inheritance sometime in the coming week, he was excited.Harry stopped on the bottom step and grabbed his lower stomach as he felt a throbbing sensation. He brushed it off as this weird pain had been happening all week long starting just days before his birthday. The pain wasn't so bad once he had slipped into the bathroom and had a sip of the Pain Reliever Potion that his mother had brewed earlier in the week just for the purpose of his magical inheritance pains.Once again, he started the trek to the kitchen. He could hear his younger brother, Keenan, still teasing Willow where their mum couldn't hear."Willow's going to be a little Hufflepuff and they're going to think 'Wow, another Potter in Hufflepuff? She must be the flimsiest, hair-brai'""Willow will be in whichever house the Sorting Hat thinks is proper for her, Keenan. And I'm a Hufflepuff, so knock it off, stop teasing her," Harry said as he walked into the kitchen and patted Willow's head as he walked past the two to make his breakfast plate. He heard Keenan go sit next to one of the triplets, Iris, to be exact. The triplets were thirteen and they hated Keenan. Iris, Marigold, and Lotus were a bit like the Weasley twins, but a bit worse considering they had a third member to help wreck havoc. They were all redheads, like their mum, but had gotten James' hazel eyes. Iris threw a breakfast roll at Keenan's head before she walked off to find Lotus and Marigold in the living room and plan another prank.Willow had sat down by the time Harry was done making his plate and his mum had finished with the cooking and set all the food onto serving plates before venturing upstairs to, presumably, wake her husband. Harry sat in the dining chair next to his youngest sister and grabbed the peanut butter and syrup to put on his pancake. First, the peanut butter (thinly spread), then the maple syrup. It was a masterpiece of a breakfast. His first bite led to a moan of satisfaction.Willow eyed her brother's breakfast plate warily. She knew her brother was weird but this was just strange. He had never liked peanut butter until a few weeks ago and he had certainly never liked pancakes. Their mum had sat them down a few weekends ago, sans Harry, and told them of what a magical inheritance entailed. Change in appetite, looks, and habits; added additions (like wings or fangs, for example) if there was creature blood; an increase in magical power; and even change in sexual preference. She knew her brother was excited for it to happen; it was due for anytime this week.He noticed she was staring and gestured a vague what? She looked at him and then shook her head. Their parents were even excited for his inheritance, James had creature blood on his side of the family and wondered if it would manifest in this generation as it hadn't with him. Lily was Muggle-born and her magical inheritance had just increased her magical core and changed her daily habits. James had the same, but had acquired a slight taste for raw meat. Harry was the first of their children to have his inheritance as he was the eldest child. Next would be Keenan, then the triplets, and the twins, Willow and Alwyn.Compared to the rest of their siblings, Alwyn was the most timid after Willow. The twins were the most likely to land in Hufflepuff as they were heading off to Hogwarts this year. Alwyn almost died when he was two after he had fallen down two set of stairs at their previous house and it had taken longer for him to recover because he and Willow had been born two months early.Harry finished with his pancakes and moved on to the glass of pumpkin juice and eggs. Willow started eating her own breakfast and at sometime during the meal, their parents came down to eat, the triplets served themselves, and Alwynwho was already done with his breakfast since he woke up very early for an eleven year oldplayed with Scooby in the corner. Willow had named the shaggy-haired retriever when she was five after watching a muggle movie with their Uncle Remus."How are my wonderful children?" said James as Harry washed his plate off. There was a chorus of 'okay', 'bored', and even 'tired'. James was more looking for Harry's answer of 'cramp-y' than anything else, though. Harry walked out of the kitchen not noticing his parents' curious looks at him before he exited.Harry returned to his room and opened his blinds so he could gaze upon the street in front of their house. He steeped his hands as he leaned on his windowsill with his elbows. Everyone was heading off to their workplaces as it was a Friday, one last workday before a hopefully fun-filled weekend. Harry's weekend was most likely to be full of anxiousness, nervousness, and if he was lucky enough to get his inheritance, pain. That was the one part he wasn't looking forward to, out of all the bizarre things that could happen, this was his biggest fear. The pain was supposed to be body-wrenching and lasted for the entirety of however long it took to finish the inheritance. Some said that the longer the pain, the more powerful the core, but Harry was wary of that notion. He believed that he wouldn't experience much pain as he hadn't ever been powerful before and he was a Hufflepuff, which said a lot to most magicals.He turned away from the window and collapsed into the yellow bean bag chair his parents got him for his birthday from a muggle store. The pain returned in the bottom of his back and lower stomach. He hadn't felt anything like this before a few days ago and his chest felt the same sort of pain. Was this some part of his inheritance? Because this was like nothing he had seen his friends go through over the last school year. Susan had an inheritance that had caused her to have elfish traits and Hannah had one that gave her a fierce tendency to protect him and Susan to crazy extents, she even sprouted fangs and claws once. People learned not to mess with the three of them after that incident which he and Susan had affectionately nicknamed 'The Day Hannah Lost Her Cool And Her Blouse, Instead Gaining Dragon-Like Feet'. The day would go down in Hogwarts history for Hannah was the first Ne-Dragon to exist on Hogwarts grounds. Usually, though, Hannah kept it under control and she looked normal until you got her raging mad.Harry was quite grateful to Hannah and Susan for being friends with him considering that he hadn't been in Gryffindor like everyone expected. His own housemates had ostracized him until the two girls had flipped out a few weeks into the school year claiming that he wasn't a spy for the Gryffindor Quidditch team and that he belonged in Hufflepuff. After the blowup they had gotten even closer, closer than they had been before when they were children.Harry pulled out his journal that he wrote in day and night, usually just a story that had plopped into his brain, but sometimes what he was thinking about. He was pretty sure that his mum used to sneak into his room and read what he had written because she always seemed to know things that she wouldn't have known else she had read it. Now it was Iris, the cockiest of the triplets, who he had to keep out so she wouldn't read it.Today's pains feel different. Now they are in my chest, not just in my lower back where they had started on Tuesday. It hasn't freaked me out yet, but I'm getting there. Susan and Hannah hadn't felt this, at least the way they described it to me said that they hadn't. I think I'm going to write them, even though I just saw them yesterday at my party. Anyways, I'm getting curious as to what I might gain with my inheritance, my parents are too. Willow must think I'm getting stranger as I have acquired a strange craving for peanut butter and maple syrup-covered pancakes. She gave me a weird look and I even wonder why I'm eating them. I hated peanut butter and pancakes! Harry set the journal on the desktop next to his half-done Transfiguration homework before picking up two blank pieces of parchment and composing two letters to his closest friends.Dear Hannah (and Susan),Did you experience a pain in your chest and lower back when you came into your inheritance? Because I have it and it is starting to freak me out just a little. The pain potion my mum made has been helping, but this is the worst pain I have ever felt. Please get back to me as fast as possible as I am trying not to spontaneously combust.Love,Your best friend in the world, HarryHe sent the letters off with the family owl, Hera, and picked a book off of his bookshelfThe Various Inheritances Recorded In the Wizarding Worldand sat down once again in his new bean bag and read the inheritance symptoms that one might experience.Harry spent the next few days in pain, but he didn't tell his parents, they had enough to worry about with pranking triplets, a hormonal fifteen year old, and shy twins and trying to get school supplies for all of them. Their trip to Diagon yesterday had been a disaster. The triplets had gotten kicked out of Zonkos (Really? A prank shop? How does that even happen?) and the twins spent most of their time trying to remain in Flourish and Blott's. Harry had met up with Susan and Hannah to go to Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlor to talk about Harry's letter and to do their shopping. Lily and James had one large chore trying to control Keenan and the triplets and trying to get the twins to emerge from the bookstore.Harry looked back and laughed at the stupid antics of his sisters. Keenan had gotten his hair dyed an atrocious purple color for Lotus had seen him trying to cop a feel on one of his classmates. He was a perv, plain and simple. Iris had bought one of the tricks from the joke shop before they got kicked out and set it off on one of their classmates. Marigold had snuck behind Keenan after his hair had been dyed and changed the color of his clothing into a hot pink to go nicely with his hair.The pains had started to get worse; he was getting toward the end of the inheritance window as it was Tuesday. As he was sitting in the study, his worst pains yet started to wrack his body. He started screaming, drawing the attention of his parents and siblings to the study. His parents grabbed him and took him to the room in the house where he would stay for his inheritance. The room had a giant one-sided mirror on the wall that had an observation room behind it. That is where his family would watch his magical inheritance.They set him on the full bed and got out of the room to let him have as much privacy as they could. The observation room already had his eager siblings sitting, waiting for their parents before settling in. Lily sat next to Alwyn who buried his head into her side and James sat next to Willow who did the same as her twin and Harry screamed in the next room. Keenan looked terrified, that would be him next year. The triplets looked concerned for their brother as they sat on a love seat and comforted each other.All Harry could feel was a horrible, spreading pain that stretched from the tip of his scalp to his toenails. He felt like his entire body's structure was changing, shifting even. His hair receded into his scalp before re-growing past his shoulders as a deep auburn. His chest expanded into what looked like breasts. His hips widened. His genitalia became female. His facial structure softened to look more like his mum's. All the while, Harry was screaming. This transformation took almost four hours; this was longer than any other inheritance he had heard of. Of course, he really wasn't paying attention to that at the time as he was in serious pain.Harry became the woman he had always felt he had been hidden under his skin.Lily, James, and the youngest six of their children sat amazed at what had happened to their brother. Marigold, the most mother-y of the triplets, jumped up and ran into the room that held her oldest sibling."Harry?""What? Did something weird happen? Do I have wings?" he asked sarcastically sitting up, realizing why she was concerned as he had tits. Tits! He frantically felt himself up and knew he wasn't male anymore. He was a girl! He started crying tears of joy as their parents walked in, shell-shocked."Harry, did you know this would happen?" asked Lily as she walked to the bedside of her eldest child."No, mum," she replied through her tears."I'm so happy you are okay," said Lily as she hugged her son, nodaughter, she decided.James still stood in place next to the door as Keenan came in the room, his face tear-streaked. He sat in a chair muttering apologies to Harry under his breath. Iris and Lotus came in and stood next to Marigold. Willow and Alwyn came in holding hands and looking scared before approaching their oldest sibling and hugging her tightly. James finally reacted by falling to the floor in a dead faint. Iris rolled her hazel eyes as she helped Keenan get their dad into a chair.Harry turned to her mother. "Mum, what was going to be my name if I was a girl?""Evanthe Asher Potter.""Can everyone call me that? I don't feel like a boya Harry James Potteranymore.""Of course, love. Whatever you want.""Thanks, Mum," said Evanthe as she hugged her mother."Anytime, Evanthe."Thanks for reading! Writing this was a pleasant change from The Grey Forest. Tell me if I should continue with this, review me your thoughts. This chapter rolled off of my fingertips in a little under ten hours of sitting at the computer and listening to disturbing music. This idea has been a long time coming. Review if you so wish.J. Waylett
