So this is the first chapter of my new fanfiction about Harry Potter (well or Sirius Black) :) The first chapter is more like a prologue, so please don't stop reading because it is not that exciting. In the next chapters more events will take place, I promise ;)I DON'T OWN ANYTHING!Chapter 1Sirius POVI couldn't believe it.I had survived the battle at the department of mysteries. Thanks to Hermione.When Bellatrix wanted to curse me, she had pushed me out of the way and the curse, which - thank God - hadn't been deadly, had hit her in the back. First I was very shocked and couldn't move, but after a few seconds I realized that I had to do something. Bellatrix, who hat thought that she had killed Hermione, had run away, loudly crying "I KILLED THE MUDBLOOD!" and laughing madly.Of course Harry followed her immediately and nobody had been able to stop him. The people of us who had seen him going wanted to run after them too, but the other Death Eaters had stopped them by attacking stronger than before.I had also wanted to follow my godson, but I knew that Hermione was injured very badly and needed my help. Another Death Eater, who had been standing close to Bellatrix, had seen the attack and was moving towards us. On one hand it was because he knew me but on the other one he wanted to kill Hermione, the muggleborn witch.So I had decided to protect Hermione. Harry and the others would have never forgiven me if she was killed, but surprisingly I wouldn't have been able to live with myself anymore too. It would have been my fault if she would have died. She had wanted to save me. Without her something would have been missing.Even now I couldn't figure out why she did it. She had put herself in danger just to save someone who had been most of his life in Azkaban. Someone they had called murderer. Traitor. Liar. Crazy. She had no real connection to me. Just Harry, whom she loved. But that was another point I wasn't sure about. Did she really love him or was he just like a brother for her?I think the second presumption was true.The whole year Harry had talked about a girl called Cho Chang who was one year older than him and also playing Quidditch. He wanted her to go out with him but she said no because her former boyfriend, Cederic Diggory, had been killed by Lord Voldemort the previous summer and she wasn't over it yet.The rest of the battle I had been staying with Hermione, but when Dumbledore and the people of the ministry arrived, they had called me to come to them. Finally they believed that I wasn't the one who had told Voldemort the secret of the Potters and who was responsible for their death. The minister of magic, Cornelius Fudge, had told me in front of the press that I wasn't blamed anymore and that I was free to go where I want again.I was shocked. I have been believing that I would die as an outcast, without being able to live my life as I want it.But now I could do what I want. Fight in the war against Voldemort and his Death Eaters together with all my friends. Fall in love with someone and maybe have a family. If we would win and I would survive the war. The chances for that to happen weren't very high, but how can you live a life without hope?After having talked to the minister and other members of the ministry of magic, I went together with Dumbledore and Harry to Hogwarts. The others were already gone because many of the students, like Hermione, Neville and Ron had been injured. They were already in the hospital wing of the castle and Madam Pomfrey was taking care of them, so we didn't have to worry.In Professor Dumbledore's office he told us about the prophecy which made Voldemort attack Lily and James Potter so many years ago. When he found out that Neville could also have been at his place, Harry was shocked. I couldn't believe it either, but after Harry and I listened to the prophecy of Professor Trelawney we couldn't doubt it anymore.Harry was the chosen one because Lord Voldemort decided to attack him and not Neville. He chose the half-blood wizard because he was more like him and that was something he never liked. He hated muggles and the fact that his father wasn't able to do magic.After having talked about the events of the previous night we changed the topic. Dumbledore wanted Harry to go to the Dursley's in the summer again. Both of us protested very loudly, but he didn't want to hear anything about Harry living with me. He said that it was necessary and that no one could change his decision. But he would just have to stay there for a few weeks and then he could go to Grimmauld Place or the Burrow for the rest of his holidays.At the end Harry and I had to agree and Dumbledore smiled satisfied.After the conversation Harry and I decided to go to the hospital wing to look for our friends.Then I'm going to see Hermione again... I thought and a little smile spread over my face. I didn't know why and the fact that I was so shocked and worried when she shoved me away during the battle confused me a little bit. I really had to see if she was okay. Nearly all of my thoughts were circling around that girl. It was something which had never happened to me before...What is she doing to me? 
