Harry sat down in front of the veil and refused to move. He wrapped his arms around his knees and rocked gently back and forth. They all took turns, but Harry refused to move."Harry, Harry come on. Sirius isn't coming back." Hermione said, her voice thick with tears. She reached down and touched his shoulder. Harry threw off her hand and continued sitting there. Waiting for what he knew was never going to happen."Leave the boy be. He needs to figure this out on his own." Moody's voice made it through to Harry's grief filled mind. Distantly, he thanked him, but continued sitting there.Suddenly, he stopped rocking. Faintly, he could see a figure in the veil. He didn't say a word though as the figure became clearer.It wasn't Sirius.Instead it was a girl, about his own age. She looked at Harry curiously.Harry narrowed his eyes and darted around to the other side of the arch to see if someone was standing there. No one was.He darted back to the front. The girl was still there, still looking."Moody, Moody come here." Harry said hoarsely.Moody clomped his way over, "What is it?""Do you see her?""Who?"Harry pointed at the veil, "That girl."Moody's normal eye widened while his magical one whizzed around, "Indeed I do. Strange, never has this happened before."She eyed Moody with a bit of wariness in her eyes, but Moody got that look from everyone. Suddenly, she walked off."What was that?" Harry asked."No idea, best to move away though. No one's sure how this thing works." Moody started to follow his own advice when he suddenly stopped. Harry had turned around to walk away, so he got the slightly comical opportunity to see Moody's face. His mouth had gone slack in surprise and Harry could read the open shock on his face.Harry assumed it came from the veil and was surprised to see the girl was back, but this time with two other women. One was older, and the other was clearly her daughter."Moody?" Harry asked. He didn't answer, but continued staring at the veil."Caitlyn? Lauren?" he asked softly.The first girl looked at the two women next to her, then at Moody, who was still moving his mouth up and down resembling a fish.Then she bit her lip and shoved the other two women. Both Harry and Moody scrambled backwards in surprise.What was even more surprising was that the two passed through to their side. Harry couldn't help but stare at the two translucent women in front of him.Moody seemed to have been shocked into silence."Alastor." The older one spoke tenderly.
