Chapter 1PrologueIt was a sunny day. The sky was clear blue with few clouds lazily floating around. Harry Potter, currently riding a car, allowed a small smile to surface on his face. The weather was perfect, though it would have been better if Dudley weren't right next to him, who constantly was poking him whenever he thought that nobody was looking.Apparently, someone ordered a large amount of drills from the company of his uncle, Vernon Dursley. He was humming rather loudly while stirring the wheel with his meaty hands. It was very clear that he was in a very good mood and the weather was also helpful at improving his mood."Ha! Now this is a day that we need to have. Don't you think, Petunia?" Vernon bellowed while making a sharp turn, narrowly missing a car."Oh, yes. This is certainly a day that we deserve." Petunia replied, while shooting some nasty looks towards her nephew. Harry sighed again, as he very well knew what she was thinking right now. The entire family loathed the idea of magic and therefore, hated Harry. The only reason why they were keeping him was that Harry was son of Lily, sister of Petunia. However this didn't mean that Dursleys needed to treat Harry fairly, which was why he didn't even get to celebrate his birthday properly.Harry shook his head to clear those dark thoughts away, tuned out his relatives' conversation and he turned his emerald eyes to see outside. Since his relatives were trying to keep people from learning about their freak nephew, it wasn't often that Harry got a chance to go outside from the house. Which was why he was watching almost everything with eagerness.This peaceful moment was soon broken by none other than Dudley. He started complaining about how slow the car was."I want to arrive! I want to buy new toys! Make the car go FASTER!" Wailing, he started to wave his arms widely that it hit Harry's arm."Ow." Wincing, Harry rubbed his arm. Harry warily watched his aunt trying to calm his cousin down because he very well knew Dudley didn't have kind heart unlike what his aunt and uncle thought. After a while, Harry kept on watching the outside through the window, a little distractedly, since Dudley didn't stop thrashing around.Understandably, Harry couldn't watch outside with care because of his rather strong cousin. However, if Harry did watch with great care, he would have noticed a man, disappearing into a shadow.A man in black stood, motionless, in the dark alley. Shadow covered him, making as if he was invisible. His cold eyes were fixed on a car that was caught in a red light. Thin woman sat at backseat, trying to grab a fat boy, possibly her son. Large man on a driver's seat was shouting at the boy, probably trying to tell the boy to be quiet. Small boy was sitting beside a window and he occasionally shot a wary glance towards a fat boy.Satisfied smirk spread on the man's face. Silently and swiftly, the man drew out his wand. His target was completely unaware of a danger that was coming. Pity, since he enjoyed his victim to be more aware of death and feel helpless. The man pointed his wand towards the car and murmured a spell under his breath. Fiery red jet erupted from the wand, which flew straight towards the unsuspecting car.Harry tried to curl up to reduce the danger of getting hit by Dudley. He tried not to flinch because he didn't want to satisfy Dudley by showing him that he was scared of getting hit. When he realized how wistful his thought was, he put his full attention to outside. Everything seemed so peaceful, with people chatting with smiles on their face.Suddenly, Harry's eyes caught the sight of fiery jet. He could see it coming towards him in slow motion. Harry only had time to cry out before it hit the car.Explosion shook the ground and people quickly ducked to avoid the damage. Some people screamed and many people merely stared in disbelief. The car was completely crunched and burned up, barely recognizable. Someone yelled to call the ambulance, though many people were already reaching out for their phone.Nobody took notice of a mysterious man, smiling coolly. He disappeared into thin air only leaving remains of exploded car and a sound of ambulance and screams echoing in the air.Hello. This is my very first fanfiction and if you have any suggestions, please tell so I can improve my story. I hope you enjoyed and please review!
