Chapter OneBTW: In this story Peter was captured in the Prisoner of Azkaban and Harry lives with Sirius and Remus. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, J.K. Rowling does.Harry winced as the frigid water hit his hand. He wanted nothing more than to pull it out, but making sure that the wound was not infected was key to no one finding out.Umbridge had been giving Harry detentions left and right the whole year. To anyone who asked, Umbridge made him write lines. An annoying, but not particularly dangerous task. If one looked closer however, that would not be the case. Since the very beginning Umbridge had been making Harry write line, only these lines were written in Harry's very own blood. Harry had looked it up, finding that the item she was using was called a blood quill. It was an illegal artifact, dangerous territory for someone who worked at the Ministry.Harry jerked his hand out of the sink as soon as he heard distant voices."I just think that maybe we should wait for him to talk to us before making a decision like that.""Yes, but you know how he is. That is never going to happen! It's like telling a penguin he has wings and then expecting him to fly. If we want results we're going to have to set up guidelines.""Oh come on, Padfoot, he's not that bad. You've got to give him a little slack. He came to us with Cho, didn't he? If we do this than he is never going to be able to trust us again."Harry did a double take. Padfoot? Cho? It was at times like these that Harry doubted he had any luck at all. He had been trying to avoid his guardians since the start of his detentions, not wanting to accidentally spill what had been happening with umbridge. He wasn't sure why it was such a bad thing, exactly, he just felt that they would be ashamed if they found out.Flattening himself against the wall, Harry held his breath and closed his eyes, hoping against hope that neither man would have the sudden urge to use the bathroom. The fates must have felt sorry for him and he soon heard that the voices were getting quieter and quieter."This is different than Cho, Moony. I say we ask him about it tomorrow right after dinner. Then we"The voices not completely gone, Harry slipped out of the boy's lavatory and began at a brisk pace back to the Gryffindor common room. However, he had not even made it ten steps when he heard running footsteps and Sirius's voice call: "Hang on Moony! I think I dropped something."Harry looked around frantically. In the dark corridor there was nowhere to hide. In an act of desperation he spun around and tried to run around the corner, but it was too late. Sirius rounded the corner from behind him. The man's eyes widened at the sight of his godson and he stopped in his tracks."Harry?" he asked tentatively "What are you doing up?""I...er...hi, Sirius," Harry mumbled lamely."Shouldn't you be in bed?" Sirius said, worry and suspicion written clearly on his face."Yeah, yeah You know what? I think I'll, um, head up there right now. See you later!" and with that Harry turned and started walking away from Sirius. The man caught-on quickly, however, and managed to grab Harry's arm before he could go any further."You were in detention again, weren't you? I can't believe that hag would keep you for this long. It's unacceptable! I think I'll have a little chat with her tomorrow about it," Sirius stated."No! Er, I mean, it's fine, Sirius. It isn't all that bad, I swear." Harry knew he was lying through his teeth, but he had this weird feeling that he shouldn't tell anyone not even Sirius.The older man sighed and ran a hand through his shoulder length black hair."It's just that.. I think" Sirius shook his head. He was not usually at a loss for words. "You know that you can talk to me, right Harry?" he started again, "Remus and I will be happy to listen to whatever you have to say,"Harry rolled his eyes. Both men had already told him this at least twenty times. It wasn't that he didn't want to confide in them, he just felt like he couldn't. Like something was holding him back. Not to mention that twelve years at the Dursley's had taught him to keep his feeling pent up inside.Noticing his godfather's worried expression, Harry quickly put a smile on his lips, hoping that in the dark corridor Sirius wouldn't be able to tell it was fake."Yeah, I know. It's just that with O.W.L.'s and stuff things have gotten a bit hectic."Sirius nodded."I remember fifth year in that sense too. In fact, when I was here, to relieve the stress your dad and I used to-""Sirius? Have you found what you're looking for? Wait, Harry? Isn't it past curfew?" Godfather and Godson had been too distracted to notice Remus' approaching footsteps.Sirius turned to Harry. "Yes I believe it is past curfew. We can talk more about this tomorrow. Would you like us to walk you back?"Harry shook his head. "I'll be fine, thanks. See you!"Walking away Harry wondered what he was going to say to his guardians tomorrow. Surely they would ask. He could tell them he had been setting up a prank of sorts, but they knew him better than that. Of course he could just tell them about the blood quill and be done with it No. He wasn't even close to ready to tell them about that. Harry would just have to come up with something believable by tomorrow. It couldn't be that hard Right?Back at the boy's bathroom Sirius narrowed his eyes and glared at Remus."You call that normal?" he demanded. Remus winced at his tone. "Well, he is a teenager, his hormones might just be acting up" Remus replied weakly. But he knew Sirius was right. They would talk to Harry tomorrow, get the full story. Because whatever was bothering him, he definitely wasn't coming to them anytime soon.A/N: Hi! This is my first ever fic! So please, read, review and tell me what you think. Should I keep going? Sincerely, Ingeyi
