All characters belong to J K Rowling. Only the idea belongs to me. I noticed that there seems to be a lack of Dudley and Death Eaters fan fictions so I decided to write one myself. I want to thank Courtney aka DragonintheLibrary for providing some of Bellatrix's dialogue and the occasional mannerism. Hope you enjoy! =)A sickening lurch, a few seconds of pure twisting agony and then the ground rushing up towards him like a speeding train. Dudley Dursley smacked the ground. Smacked it hard. A groan escaped from his chapped lips as he pulled himself into a sitting position, which promptly changed to hands on knees as he began retching.After that incident, he surveyed the scene with wide eyes. One moment he had been in his house, in the freak's bedroom to be exact. His idiot cousin had left that morning and he was rummaging through the freak's personal belongings to see if he could find anything worth taking. At first he had come up empty handed but as he was leaving, a tap at the window had drawn his attention. A black owl perched beyond the glass, a parcel in it's mouth. Dudley, his curiosity having been piqued, had strode over to the window, flung it open and snatched the parcel from the freaky bird.The bird had responded with a hoot before taking off to spread it's wings over the sky of Surrey. Dudley had then proceeded to unwrap the parcel's thick brown paper and loosely tied white string. Within had lain a jug. A manky old jug. Dudley had grunted with distaste at the discoverey whilst taking it into his hands in order to chuck it across the room. Soon as he touched the object, he had been transported. To a deserted street, filled with what looked like shops.Dudley was petrified, the same question floated through his mind as he scanned the narrow street for any signs of life. Where was he? He quickly resolved that problem, his watery blue eyes coming to a stop on a sign entitled 'Knockturn Alley.' Dudley's panic subsisded a little, at least now he knew where he was. His objective became clear: get the hell out of this freakish nightmare.His exclusive Nike trainers pounded down the alley, past places that Dudley did not wish to even glance at. The thirteenth building he came across featured signs of life. Two beady eyes glared out at him from a grimy window attached to a dingy little shop titled Borgin and Burkes. Dudley locked eyes with the vulture lookalike then hurried on, deciding that even signs of life were not good in this place.Dudley rushed down Knockturn Alley, desperately searching for an exit. Suddenly the air filled with cackling laughter. The sound of it threw Dudley off his current task. To hear the sound of laughter, not laughter, cackling, was the last noise anybody would expect from a place like this. But that noise was good enough for Dudley. He raced round corners towards the laughter. Towards escape. The noise became louder, Dudley was getting nearer. He accelerated the last few metres, round another corner and came face to face with a gang of Death Eaters.There were six of them. Five men, one woman. The noise materialized from the woman. However she had abruptly stopped when confronted with the sight of a broad shouldered blond teenager, bent over at the knees and panting. Bellatrix Lestrange moved towards the boy, confusion displayed over her face. The remaining Death Eaters stood in stony silence as Bellatrix observed the boy.After regaining his breath, Dudley stood up straight, surprised to see the woman standing so close. She grinned when Dudley gazed into her eyes. Bellatrix could tell that she was dealing with a Muggle. From the way he dressed to his body language, it wasn't hard to tell."What's your name then?"The boy jerked at the unexpected question. Bellatrix's grin widened at the reaction. Dudley wasn't sure why she had asked for his name but his gut instinct advised that it wasn't positive."Erm, why don't you tell me yours first?"The woman didn't react at all, though Dudley swore he saw her eyes light up."I am Bellatrix Lestrange and you are?"Dudley was now positively sure that this woman was bad news. He tried to side step round her but she gripped his forearm to prevent him from doing so."Aw, come on now, all I want to know is your name." She uttered this with a childlike glee.Dudley knew he was in a sticky situation so he did the only thing he could think of to do. He answered her."D  Dudley  Dursley."The name seemed to have some kind of effect on her. Her grin stretched from ear to ear and her eyes were practically shining. Bellatrix pushed Dudley against a wall and pulled out her wand."Harry Potter's Cousin?" She practically squealed.Dudley's eyes had bulged when the wand had appeared in his view. He knew, from experience, that it was better to tell the truth then face the consequences. Consequences that emerged from the end of a freak's stick." Y  Yeah."Bellatrix acknowledged this statement by swivelling her head towards her companions and cackling whilst doing so. The five men were silent albeit they seemed happy. Bellatrix momentarily ceased her laughter and narrowed her eyes at them.Immediately the other Death Eaters began to laugh as well. Bellatrix rotated her head back to face Dudley. With her free hand, she reached out and gently took hold of his chin."Oh the Dark Lord will be pleased." The witch murmured.Dudley was shaking. He didn't know who this 'Dark Lord' was but he didn't sound pleasant. So Dudley decided to do what he had grown up doing. He decided to hit the freak.Bellatrix, meanwhile had been quiet aside from a few muttered murmurings, that Dudley was sure concerned him. Her hand was still clamped around his chin but her wand was out of sight.'Must of put it away.' Dudley thought, which was accompanied with a sigh of relief. Dudley gathered all his strength in his right ham like fist. He had to strike now, otherwise it may be too late.As he lifted it, Bellatrix's attention had been taken by one of the Death Eaters. After shouting at said one, she resumed her full attention on the muggle before her. That's when a fist came flying towards her and crashed into the side of her mouth.Bellatrix's head rocked back, her mouth soon brimming with blood. The Death Eaters stared in shock at the scene unfolding before their eyes. Dudley took advantage of the lack of movement, by distangling himself from Bellatrix and promptly ducking into the side alley.Bellatrix touched her mouth tentatively, felt the blood then swung round to face the remaining Death Eaters. Her eyes filled with rage as she withdrew her wand and cast a healing spell. The inflicted wound simply vanished in a matter of seconds."Get him!" She roared. Before adding: "The Dark Lord needs him alive!"All six of them, not wanting to be on the receiving end of one of Voldemort's punishments, began to hunt down Dudley Dursley.Dudley had been sprinting down countless of little alleyways, mind in turmoil, heart banging against his chest. His legs screamed at him to stop, they had only been used, exercise  wise, in the past year or so.Dudley could hear the freaks after him. He had to get away. No way was he spending any more time with that creepy woman. Yet he felt himself getting weary, felt his body starting to give up. Dudley pushed on, ignoring his body's screams for rest. He knew he probably could get away from them if he outran them for a bit longer.'I mean, they would lose interest in me right? They wouldn't waste their time trying to catch me when surely they have some important freakish stuff to do?' Dudley thought optimistically.However in his mind, he knew otherwise. They wouldn't stop. Not when they had the chance to catch Harry Potters' Cousin. Dudley cursed.'Stupid Cousin, always drags us into trouble with freaks.'As Dudley was contemplating when the next Harry Hunting game could be scheduled, he cursed again. He had zoomed round the corner of an alleyway and had come face to face with a dead end.It was too late to backtrack now, that creepy cackling had started up again. Once more Dudley cursed. He was trapped, they knew that he had encountered a dead end due to the tracks his shoes must have made. The sixteen year old heard the inevitable sound of footsteps behind him. He pivoted around and hastily backed against the wall at the sight of the six freaks slowly advancing towards him, the glee evident on their faces even with the dreadful lighting.The male Death Eaters came to a halt, a short distance away from Dudley. Bellatrix Lestrange gracefully sauntered towards him, wand in hand. Dudley noticed his attack had been useless.She pointed the wand at his round face and gripped his chin. This time with more force."You really shouldn't have done that Dudders." She mocked him in a sickly sweet voice. "You're very lucky that the Dark Lord needs you alive because believe me, you would have paid for the little stunt you pulled back there. Only because you're Potter's Cousin, do I leave you temporarily unharmed." Dudley squirmed as her eyes flashed darkly."Now Dudders, tell me where you live." Bellatrix dug her fingernails into his skin, making Dudley cry out in pain."Four P  Privet Drive  it's in Little Whinging in Surrey."Bellatrix's eyes lit up once more. Dudley thought he was going to piss himself, she was truly terrifying. Suddenly the six Death Eaters winced and touched their left forearms."The Dark Lord requires our service." One of the males stated.Bellatrix addressed the others, wand still trained on Dudley."Dolohov and Gibbon, stay with me. The rest of you go to the Dark Lord and inform him that we are dealing with important business." These last two words were accompanied with a flash of a grin at Dudley, who was quivering.The three Death Eaters vanished into thin air, making the muggle jump. Bellatrix released her grip before rekindling it onto his forearm."Ready Dudders? 1, 2, 3!"A sense of dj vu came over Dudley as the sickening lurch took it's toll, twisting his body all over the place. He had a dim awareness that Bellatrix was still gripping him when darkness clouded his vision.The next chapter should hopefully be up by next week. As always, constructive criticism appreciated. 
