DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own ANYTHING in the "Harry Potter" universe. All rights belong to J. K. Rowling.A/N: This is going to be COMPLETELY different from my two other stories that I have published, but I've wanted to write this one for awhile now. So here it is, it will be at least a five chapter story. But just to warn those of you who like the style of "Masterpiece" and "First day of School", This is Very dark. It's not bad, I don't write slash or anything. But its very violent. Anywho! That being said: Please enjoy!Chapter one:He's either being impersonated by a death eater or Uncle vernon has lost his mind.I'm going with the latter.Of course he's never treated me like part of the family, but this is just insane.I cough wetly as I move the chains imprisoning my wrists to the floor of my cell. Well. I might as well call it a cell. I've been locked up in my bedroom since I got back to Privet Drive number 4. Which would make it. nearly eight weeks.Once I stepped over the threshold, uncle vernon threw my stuff into the cupboard, my old bedroom, and turned on his heel. He grabbed my wrists before I could even think to move out of his reach. Then he told me precisely what would make this summer different from the others, "Listen you freak! This summer is going to be very different for you. I've had enough of your attitude and threats. You've gotten too used to your freedom." Uncle vernon gave me a look that would intimidate even Snape, "It's time you learn your place."I knew he had to have something worse planned than just the regular detainment in my room and being at their beck and call, but I'll admit I never thought he would do this. After he pulled me up the stairs, without letting go of my wrists, we stopped in front of my room. At least, what used to be my room. It'd been turned into a torture room. In shock and terror I took in the things the area contained: A metal surgical table with built-in wrist and ankle restraints now replace my sorry-excuse-for-a-bed, the bars were reinstated on my window, there were shackles attached to the middle of the floor, a metal whipping post in the corner-with manacles of course, and all sorts of knives and whips lined the walls. Everything seemed to be emanating a hunger for pain. My pain."Hope you're enjoying the view, boy." Vernon spit. "Because not only will you not be leaving this room for the next few months, but you will not be leaving at All. You are not going back to that school for freaks. Ever." He then proceeded to force my struggling body into the room and threw me on the floor. Finally coming out of the speech paralyzing shock I was in, I began to plead with my "Uncle", "Please uncle vernon! Don't do this!" He knelt down, ignoring my pleas, and grabbed my wrists again and the shackles next to me. "Shut up! You've had this coming to you-" "Not torture!" I interrupt before being harshly slapped in the face. "Don't you dare interrupt me again boy!" He then continued his task of locking the harsh, metal shackles onto my wrists, with relish, efficiently chaining me to the floor of my new prison.The punishment didn't start until the next day, but since it started, it hasn't stopped.My new injuries are compliments of not only the abuse from the agonizing whip or the burning knives, but also from Vernon's heavily descending feet and fists. That is what my broken and bruised ribs have to thank for their current condition. Groaning in pain I roll, as much as the chains allow, to see the door that just sprang open. Shivering at the sight of my tormentor's towering figure in the doorway, I close my eyes and send a silent cry for help in my mind. Someone, anyone, please help. I can't take much more.A/N: Hey Readers! I hope you're interested in my new story! I will try to keep this updated as often as possible, but remember two things make me update faster: The Lord, and You guys! So REVIEW PLEASE! The Order should be getting involved in the next chapter so please give me ideas for what goes on with them and/or with "Uncle Psycho" and Harry! (hahaha) Loads of love~V
