Hiya everybody! I've edited Chapter 1 YAY! I meant to say that Adie's character (should she have been in the movies) would've been played by AnnaSophia Robb! Also I'm sorry if people feel that I'm cutting bits out, but let's remember that I'm trying to squash 6 books into 1 story! Although I will try to keep all the major important bits :) Okeydokey please read, review, favourite and follow!Chapter 1 - Adrian HawHarry shot up, the whistling sound in his ears beginning to fade. He rubbed his eyes and saw Hermione standing over him. She was fully dressed."Hermione. Bad dream. When did you get here?"Hermione looked around Ron's small attic room before answering."Just now, you?"Harry put on his glasses."Last night."His friend walled over to the sleeping Ron and shook him hard."Wake up. Wake up Ronald!"Ron sat bolt up, his long finger hair flipping over his eyes. As he registered that it was Hermione and not his mother waking him, he pulled his sheets over himself."Bloody hell!"Harry grinned. Hermione rolled her eyes and left the room muttering something about not going back to sleep. Ron gave a big yawn and lent back against his pillows."Come on Ron! Your Mother says breakfast's ready!"Without another word he, and Harry, climbed out of bed and got slowly dressed. After breakfast Mr Weasley grouped all who were going to see the Quidditch World Cup and they all left the house. Harry and Ron walked at the back of the group. They could hear Hermione whispering to Ginny. Things were mentioned like "When due to arrive?" and "Will meet us on the hill." Harry wondered who they were on about."Hey Dad! Where are we going?""You'll see!"A voice sounded up ahead and the group could see a shortish man with dark, long hair and spectacles. He had a rucksack over his waterproof coat, a cane in hand and a flat cap on his head. He grinned and shouted."Arthur! Its about time lad!"Mr Weasley grinned as Ron let out a yawn."Sorry Amos! Some of us got off to a sleepy start."The man; Amos, chuckled."Kids this is Amos Diggory. He works with me, at the Ministry."A young man jumped out of a tree. He was dressed much like the other kids, except he was older, taller, and very very handsome. Mr Weasley grinned."And this strapping young lad must be Cedric, am I right?""That's right sir."Harry smiled at the Hufflepuff seeker, who gave him one back. He heard Hermione and Ginny giggle as Cedric turned around.The group continued on until they'd reached a large, barren hill. On the top of it was a rotten, manky, old boot. Harry looked at it puzzled. Everyone began to stand round it."Why are they all standing round that manky, old boot?"George grinned as he passed Harry."It's not a manky old boot mate."Fred nodded as he walked round Harry's other side."It's a portkey.""Portkey?! What's a portkey?"Mr Weasley looked over at Hermione."What time are they due?""Any second now."Harry and Ron both looked at Hermione."Who?""My penpal. Adrian Haw."Ron chuckled and Harry bent down over the boot. Hermione raised an eyebrow."What's so funny?"Fred and George answered."Well Granger how are you expecting to take a Muggle to the Quidditch World Cup?""Yeah the place is gonna be totally Muggle-Proof!"Mr Weasley shook his head as Mr Diggory checked his watch."Adrian is just as magical as all of us.""Not long now. Mr Haw better hurry.""Uh actually..."Fred, George, Harry and Ron all looked at each other as they held the boot."Bet he's some specky git obsessed with books."Suddenly there was a POP! and two people appeared at the top of the hill.One was a grey-haired man. He had a lot of scarring on his face, one was long and jagged which started at the top of his eyebrow and vanished into his bushy beard. He wore dungarees over a checkered shirt and reminded the group of a stereotypical lumber jack. The other was a young girl. She looked about the same age as Harry, Ron and Hermione. She was also funnily dressed. Her wild, messy blonde hair was stuffed under a grey bowler hat and she was wearing a multi-coloured scarf round her neck, ripped, burnt, brown jeans, a black t-shirt, a pair of tan boots and a leather jacket. Both had a wand in hand, but the girl also had a rucksack slung over a shoulder and the man carried a large trunk."Ahh Arthur, Amos, good to see you again lads!"The man's voice was a gruff as his appearance. However Mr Weasley and Mr Diggory jumped up and went over to him and the girl."Ah Franklin. Been a long time man.""Indeed. Well I can't stop, just dropping Adie off. Arthur I presume your house is the one over the next hill.""It is. You can drop off her trunk with Molly."Ron leaned over and whispered."Isn't that Franklin Haw?"Harry raised an eyebrow."Who?"Fred answered."Yep! He's a famous trapper. He's caught tons of magical creatures!"George nodded and grinned."Yeah things like werewolves, merpeople, sphinxes...man he's done a lot. Lives the gypsy life he does!"Hermione rolled her eyes."And that's why its so difficult for me to send letters to Adie."The four boys looked at her, but then a twinkly voice approached them."HERMIONE!"The girl had spotted Hermione and ran over to her. The pair hugged and then Hermione pulled the girl over to her friends."Everyone this is Adrian. Adrian this is everyone.""Call me Adie! Adrian makes me sound like a guy!"The twins whispered to Harry and Ron."A cute specky geek though!"They stood and offered their hands."Fred.""And George.""At your service!"Adie grinned and shook both of their hands. However when she took the second twin's hand, they both felt a jolt and quickly withdrew. Harry smiled at the girl."You must be Harry!""Yup!"They shook hands and then Adie was introduced to Ron and Ginny."Well Adie that's me off!"She ran over to Mr Haw and hugged him tightly."Bye Pap!"The boys' jaws dropped. Hermione rolled her eyes."Yes even famous people are allowed to have kids you know!""Bye Hermione!""Bye Mr Haw!""You all have fun at the cup!"Then, with another POP! Mr Haw disapparated. They all grouped round the boot again, slightly more cramped than before. Mr Diggory smiled."Ready? After three. One. Two. Three!"Then, an almost sucking feeling came over them as the portkey pulled them away from the ground. Harry, Ron and Hermione landed flat on their backs."Ow!""Haha I landed on something soft!"Adie held her arms up in triumph. Then she heard groans beneath her and looked down to she that shed landed on Fred and George."Oops sorry!"After helping the flattened twins up, they heard laughing from overhead. Mr Weasley, Mr Diggory and Cedric were all running in mid-air."Bet that cleared out your sinuses ai?The trio landed perfectly. The two adults led the group towards the sound of music and laughter. Tents littered the ground and they could witch after wizard after witch after wizard, walking around."Welcome to the Quidditch World Cup!"They all walked through the show ground, the Diggory's splitting off to find their own tent, before Mr Weasley stopped in front of a old, brown, cloth tent. Harry looked at quizzically. Adie grinned and whispered."It's a magical tent! Made to look normal!"She pulled off her bowler hat as they stepped in. Mr Weasley was talking loudly."Girls your room is over there! Ron get out if the kitchen we're all hungry!"Adrian laughed as the twins repeated everything he said. They had their legs rested on the table, quite relaxed."Feet off the table!""Feet off the table."Adie went over to Hermione and Ginny. She threw her bag onto the topmost bunk of the three-tiered bed. She heard Harry."I love magic!""Don't we all!"After a spot of lunch and some gruelling questioning, the group decided that they knew, more or less, what they needed to know about Adie.She was the same age as Harry, Ron and Hermione. She was a gypsy. She'd been home-schooled all her life, but her Mum and Dad felt that their jobs were too dangerous to be around so she was being sent to Hogwarts. She knew Hermione through the aid of Professor McGonagall. Plus she was also the great grand-niece of Ollivander. George and Fred shook their heads."Damn two famous people in one family!""I know Fred...I know."Adie laughed."You know it's not all it's cracked up to be, being famous!"The twins chortled."We beg to differ!"Mr Weasley stood up, ending the discussion."Time to leave for the match!"Please review TTFN xx
