Chapter 1Fright NightThe creak of closing doors startled the woman, ripping her afar from Morpheus' grasp. As she opened her eyes, a view of a man came into her sight. A man she knew very well. Acknowledging the fact the man did not realize he has awaken her, she stared at him for a longer while, melancholy filling her heart up. They were married for a whole year and yet she was still unable to fully comprehend all of the world's wonders the man had shown her. The man's piercing brown eyes were scanning the whole room, until his eyes met hers.'Hope I didn't wake you, love?' the man asked, a sad smile displayed on his face.'No, I wasn't sleeping for a while now,' the woman lied, eager for his company.The man sighed and neared to the sofa she rested upon, squeezed in the right corner of the living room. Before sitting down next to her, he released a lengthened piece of wood from the depths of his scarlet red robes and waved it lazily, causing the nearby window to open ajar. He then rested on the silky sofa with a deep, restless groan as the woman neared to him and put her head on his muscular shoulder delicately.'How was the work today, honey?' she asked, stroking his unshaven cheek tenderly.He let out a deep murmur of irritation, 'The Strathtully beast is still on the loose. I've tracked it down with three of my best men today yet it escaped. We were so close to ending this nightmare 'He paused, his voice on the verge of breaking. He let his head hang loose upon his shoulders, swaying from side to side.'You'll catch it yet,' the woman reassured him, grasping his head with both of her hands and pulling him closer to trap him in a emotional hug, 'Tomorrow's a new day,''I know,' the man replied, kissing her delicately and clutching her strongly until their hearts beat as one. They sat in silence, enjoying the blissful closeness of each other.'How was Remy today?' the man asked after a moment of silence, still in the safety of her arms.'Your son decided to levitate my grandmother's vase and break it in the middle of the room. Your blood, to be sure,' she said, smiling widely.The man let out a slight whisper of amusement, 'You've never really liked the vase anyway,''Precisely why my reaction was simply an outburst of laughter,' the woman added, laughing loudly, 'Besides, it's not going to be the only thing laying broken before our son learns how to control his abilities,''Indeed it won't be,' the man answered, concluding the conversation.Suddenly, the silence was pierced by a sonorous sound of glass shattering, its broken remaining echoing in the room. The man jumped up, reaching up for the insides of his cloak and thrusting out the wand in front of him.'Lyall, what's happening?' the woman whispered frantically.Before the man was able to answer, he was interrupted by an inhuman growl in the room next door, savagely announcing his presence. The man rushed to it, knocking over a chair on his way, desperately trying to reach the source of the noise. Upon pulling the handle of the door, his ears picked up the one sound he wished he'd never hear. His son's cries.'REMUS!' the man screamed, smashing the doors open and freezing when he saw what was the cause of all the racket.A man was atop of his son, growling and roaring furiously as he cast his sharp teeth deeper and deeper inside his son's flesh, blood spurting out and staining the pearly white linen sheets. The boy underneath the creature was weeping, his limbs uncontrollably shaking as he feebly attempted to get the monster off of him. His struggles were weakening with each second as the man dug further into his flesh, life essence all around him.Lyall reacted immediately. No one was going to hurt his son. 'STUPEFY!', he shouted, and a red wave flew out of his wand, travelling towards the intruder. It him hard on the back, sending him flying away from the bed, smashing him against the further wall. In normal circumstances, the spell would stun an individual. However, the creature rushed up and hissed. He was abnormally fast, speeding towards the caster with his clawed hands outstretched in front of him.'Impedimenta!' Lyall shouted once more, sending an outburst of blue flames in the direction of the attacker. The man stopped in his tracks, encaged by the spell's effects.Lyall was now able to get a proper look at his attacker. His massive head was covered in black streaks of hair covering his entire skull, his entangled beard now wet from the blood of the child. Spike-like teeth were shining in the blue aura of the spell like sea waves shimmering in the light of the sun. His eyes. Wild, animal eyes that were now staring at him furiously as he attempted to free himself from the effects of the spell.'Greyback...,' the man whispered, stumbling against the nearby wall with shock, 'Damn you, you monster!''Good evening, Lupin,' the beast replied, his teeth savagely chattering with rage, 'How'd you like me now? How'd ya like the soulless, evil, deserving nothing but death monster like me?''Why my son? Why him?' the man asked weakly, fury stirring up inside him, 'Why did you touch an innocent boy?!''I have an exceptional taste for young blood. And now, your son is 'He was stopped by a flash of white light emerging from Lyall's wand. It hit him square on the chest, staggering him backwards yet dealing no further damage to him, 'You'll pay for this!'The beast laughed madly, shaking his head and causing his tangled hair to fly all over the place, swirling and sending the remains of partially dried blood onto the beige wall, 'My vengeance is complete,' he growled, nearing towards the bed once more. 'Such a pity,''Damn you!' the man screamed, exploding with fury. He sent a spell after spell, each curse reaching its destination, slowly massacring the beast. He knew he was unable to kill him without endangering his wife's safety and yet he did his best to attempt to do so.The beast growled irritably, unable to take another step forward. After receiving another bolt of yellow flash upon his chest, his animal instincts flared as he realized his existence was in danger. Casting one last look at his latest victim, now swirling upon the bed in agony as the venom spread, he howled and emerged through the window, sending the already broken glass everywhere.The infuriated man chased after him, only stopping at the verge of the window, cursing the man yet being unable to reach him.'Lyall?! What's going on?!' his wife screamed just outside the room.'Stay outside, Hope, just stay there!' the man grunted, tears of sorrow erupting from his eyes, 'I don't want you to see this!'On the contrary, the woman rushed into the room, afraid of what she may be welcomed by in there. Upon seeing her son, her only and beloved son, lifelessly lying on the edge of his bed, she broke down in tears and fell to her knees. No words could possibly express her feelings like the mournful wails filling up the entire toom.The man swore loudly, nearing towards Remus' bed. He could still save him, he knew he could. The view was truly a horrifying one - white sheets were now covered in scarlet while blood still continued to gash out from the deep wounds all over his little torso. The boy's body had been mauled by the sharp teeth of the werewolf, leaving severe openings that continued to flow the blood out.The man crouched down by his son, took a deep breath and began to mummer a series of extremely complicated spells, known only to advanced tier wizards. Slowly, most of the blood began simmering back into the body the same way it left, tenderly flowing back into the arteries and veins. The boy's face started regaining colour. Only after the man was absolutely certain that no tissue hadS been left untouched by the effects of his spells, he rose up and walked over to his wife who was now sprawled across the floor in complete pain and agony of mourning. His firm hands helped her up as she welcomed the safety of her arms, sobbing silently into his shoulder as he stroked her hair with his bloody hands.'It's going to be okay,' he whispered into her ear, 'He's going to be okay. And I promise you Hope, I swear to you I will get the beast that did this to him,''Who... who was that?' the woman succeeded in sobbing out, hugging her husband tightly.'A werewolf that the Ministry let out. I... I... I was furious about his leave yet the decision had been made,'He picked her up and carried her over to the bed on which their son was recovering on. Lyall opened his son's eyelids and gasped upon seeing the pupils. They were yellow, the same savage shade of yellow that was present in the monster's retinas. In the temple of each others' arms, they waited and waited, waited until Remus Lupin would awake and face the sorrowful truth.All copyrights go to J.K. Rowling. First chapter of the Marauders' series. All reviews will be appreciated and Welcome.
