Disclaimer: I own absolutely nothing that you would recognize as the fantastic work of J.K. Rowling. I only take credit for those OC characters that appear here.Sirius Black and Remus Lupin stood side by side under a tree next to the lake, their cloaks wrapped around them and looking rather bored. The fall was turning into winter with what could only be described as a brutally bone chilling cold.'Remind me exactly why we are waiting outside again?' said Remus through clinched teeth, shivering slightly.Sirius frowned slightly, 'how long have we been waiting?''Nearly thirty minutes now,' said Remus looking at his watch.'Well whatever Prongs wanted to show us can't be worth standing here freezing.' Remus nodded, relieved, and moved to head back into the castle with Sirius.Leaving the frigid cold behind them they stomped off towards the oak doors. Warmth flooded over them and they both sighed and let their shoulders, which had been resting near their ears, drop. At that moment James appeared at the top of the stairs, looking excited and downright buoyant. Sirius and Remus exchanged a raised brow look.'Git.' said Sirius as James spotted them and hurried down the stairs.'You've come back in on your own, great!' said James falling into step with them as they walked into the Great Hall.Settling themselves down, Sirius pulled a bowl of mashed potatoes towards himself and started piling them unto his plate. James beamed at them from the other side of the table.'Good potatoes hey Moony?' asked Sirius, making a point to ignore James who was now bouncing off his seat.'Hmm, oh yea great,' Remus replied, catching on. 'Can't wait for Hogsmeade tomorrow what about you Padfoot?''Oh yeah me too. Have to finish that essay for Slughorn tonight though, any chance you'd want to do it together?''Sure,' said Remus, repressing a grin as James looked back and forth at both of them waiting for them to acknowledge him.'Lucky chance that essay is on warming potions, I thought I might need it standing in the cold so long.' said Sirius looking pointedly at James who smiled sheepishly. 'Alright, what exactly did you have us freezing our asses off for then?" he said, giving into James and grinning.'Guess who has a date tomorrow?' said James, practically beaming with glee.'Well my first guess is Snivellus' but he broke off as James flicked some pees towards him with his fork.'Who do you have a date with James?' said Remus knowing full well that James excitement could only mean one thing.'Lily Evans!' said James so loudly that the Ravenclaws looked over from the next table.'I told you you'd wear her down someday!' said Sirius, standing up to clap James on the shoulder.James' delight was contagious and lasted throughout the rest of the day and well into the next day when Sirius and Remus were heading down the hill towards Hogsmeade Village.'It's about time she gave him a chance, he has mellowed out some over summer.' said Remus looking sideways at Sirius. 'I'm glad, maybe we won't have to hear about her so constantly now.'Sirius laughed loudly and gave Remus a look that clearly said fat chance. 'You think we heard about Lily Evans before, just wait Moony just wait.'Remus shrugged 'Could be worse I suppose.''How so?' said Sirius, enchanting a snow ball to fly after some third years.'They'll be married in a few years and we will have to put up with hearing how James fought for her for the rest of our lives.' Remus joked, holding the door to Honey Dukes open for Sirius.Sirius grinned and shuffled into the crowded store.Coming out twenty minutes later with fuller pockets and lighter money bags, Sirius looked up the street. 'Well Moony I've got to pick you up something and I can't have you giving me bad advice about it like last year' Remus gave him an affronted look and Sirius laughed. 'Just kidding mate, meet you at the Three Broomsticks in thirty minutes?'Remus rolled his eyes but nodded and took off up the street. Moving down the street away from the direction Remus had gone Sirius headed towards the book store, the only place where he could conveniently remove three people from his Christmas shopping list. Pushing the door open and walking in, he began scanning the shelves. Remus was easy to shop for and Sirius quickly pulled down a book titled Common Muggle Myths and Tales and tucked it under his arm, moving down the row.Coming out five minutes later with three books wrapped and bagged, Sirius felt quite accomplished. Deciding to get one last thing for James in the joke shop he rounded the corner smiling to himself and walked straight into someone also rounding the corner. They collided hard and the person let out a squeak of surprise and reflexively punched Sirius squarely in the nose and with a terrible crack Sirius was thrown back into the snow.Pushing himself off the ground and pinching his bleeding nose he looked around to find out who he had smashed into. Standing stark still in the road in front of him a blonde girl was standing, wand held ready, looking at him.'Did oo it ee?' he said holding his nose'Yes.' She said not taking her eyes off Sirius.'Whad da alp or?' he said angrily, his nose throbbing.'Well I didn't mean to break your nose. You scared me,' she said grinning now. 'Here, I'll put you right.' She walked towards him.The girl had big moss coloured green eyes and a humorous face. Her hair was dirty blond and wavy but she had pulled it back into a ponytail. Taking his chin in her hand before Sirius had time to protest she examined his nose. He noticed she had freckles lightly splashed across her nose and cheeks, barely visible unless you were this close. As she noticed him starring her pale skin turned a soft pink and she backed up.Pointing her wand at his face she said 'Episkey,' and Sirius' nose cracked back into place, making the blood flow worse but leaving his nose feeling better.'Thanks.' he said whipping the blood off with his sleeve and feeling slightly less happy then he had been.'It was no trouble. After all I did break it.' She smiled her face full of humour. 'You're Regulus Black's brother aren't you?' she asked now looking at him with more interest.Sirius narrowed his eyes and for the first time took in the green scarf and mittens she was wearing. He groaned inwardly. Slytherin.'Yes. What is it to you?' he said frowning at her. He couldn't recall what year the girl was in or if he even knew her name.'No need to get nippy. You resemble each other.' she tilted her head, studying him.Sirius grunted and tried to pass her to leave. However he found her blocking his way.'What?' he started.'Eileen. Eileen Grey.' She grabbed Sirius's hand and shook it. He starred, stunned still holding her hand.'Oh...Um...Sirius...Black.' he said finally, dropping her hand like it was on fire.'Sorry about your nose Blackhonest mistake.' She smiled and stepped away from him, rounding the corner and leaving him standing there staring after her.He didn't know why he did it but his feet moved after her and he looked around the corner she had gone down but she was gone. Distracted he headed towards the Three Broomsticks.Spotting Lily and James he plunked himself down next to James at the table and absentmindedly took a drink of James's butterbeer.James and Lily exchanged a look. 'Sirius? Why are you covered in blood?' asked Lily lightly, her own drink suspended in mid-air.'What? Oh. I broke my nose.' said Sirius now noticing the blood covering the front of him. Shaking his head to clear it he laughed at the stunned looks on his friend's faces.'Don't worry, it's fine, Eileen Grey fixed it.'Lily's eyes widened and she lowered her drink back to the table. 'What?''Umyeah. She ran into me, well I ran into her and...'Lily interrupted him, "It doesn't matter what happened, why would you let that girl touch your face?' she asked exasperated.Sirius was starting to worry now. 'Why wouldn't I? Is there something wrong with my face?' he felt his face, half expecting to find another nose.'Well no...It's just...Don't you know who she is?' asked Lily looking to James for help.Sirius looked dumbfounded. 'She is in Slytherin, though I didn't realise that when I let her fix my nose obviously' said Sirius grumpily.'How thick is that skull of yours?' asked Lily eyeing him. 'She's been going to Hogwarts just as long as us. We had double potions with her until third year.'Sirius frowned and thought back yet couldn't remember ever seeing her before. He shook his head and Lily muttered something that sounded like 'unbelievable'."Is there something I'm missing?' he asked seeing the look on James's face.'Well you know Lucius Malfoy?' asked James, lowering his voice and looking around behind them. Sirius nodded, feeling like he'd rather not know Malfoy.'Well Eileen is his cousin.' finished James lamely.'Is that it?' Sirius laughed, having expected much worse.'Well no...' said James, glancing at Lily.Sirius raised an eyebrow. He continued, 'The Malfoy's are suspected Death Eaters.''Anyone with half a brain could suspect that.' Said Sirius quietly.'Well so are the Greys'. Eileen Grey's mother is Lucius's aunt. The rumour has it Voldemort has been recruiting at Hogwarts.' said James.'I know that.' Sirius said, not liking where this conversation was going.James nodded. 'There's more. I overheard McGonagall talking to Slughorn. She was telling him that Dumbledore wants him to watch out for his students, specifically Snape..." Lily frowned slightly, and Sirius rolled his eyes.'Saw that one coming.'James continued, 'Avery, Mulciber, um...Regulus...' Sirius's eyes flashed but he stayed silent. 'And Eileen Grey.' James shrugged looking somber.Sirius frowned. He had known Voldemort was recruiting, however secretly, at Hogwarts and knew the knowledge should be disturbing but something was bothering him about the idea of that girl as a Death Eater.'Hey!' the door to the Three Broomsticks slammed shut as Remus and Peter walked over to them and sat down, pushing Death Eaters and Eileen Grey out of their minds.'You do realise that you're interrupting my first date with Lily you gits.' Said James as Lily laughed.Sirius shrugged while Remus looked slightly embarrassed.'Honestly I'm surprised they didn't turn up earlier.' Lily joked, waving for more butterbeer.Authors Note:Thanks for reading! Please leave a review if you liked it and any constructive criticism!I know it is short but there is more to come!
