DISCLAIMER: I own nothing but a large number of student loans and four different Scrabble sets. In other words, all the characters and worlds are the property of other, much wealthier, people and I am not making any money from this story. This will be the only time I post this full disclaimer.A/N: Hi, everyone! After a break from Dramione (I say break, but what I mean is that I didn't post anything and instead invested my time in just writing out a few tens of thousands of words of them so I could have something finished before I started putting it up), I'm back with a new story. This is completed, with updates scheduled to be once a week for you all. There'll be SIX chapters in total, which gives me six weeks to keep working on some new longer stories before I start posting those. If I am at all capable of time management, I'll hopefully put up a one shot or two.As for the content of this story, I am aware characters may be OOC. This is because I wanted kind of a fluffy, light story, because the other Dramione fics I'm working on aren't all sunshine and roses. That said, what we see of Hermione and Draco is all through Harry's eyes, and we still know quite little about what they were like post-war, so I don't think my interpretation is too far gone from canon. But keep in mind this is fluff, this is smut, and this is basically a whole lot of Dramione fun.I hope you all enjoy chapter one and let me know what you think in a REVIEW!Ron was out of bed with the water running in the shower before she even had a chance to realise their morning quickie was over, rumpled sheets and boxers the only thing left in his wake. Hermione fell against her pillow, totally unsatisfied, having been on the brink before he finished and pulled out.Life had been this way for nearly three months. Their sex life was active, liaising at least four times a week, but she hadn't finished in what felt like a lifetime. The frustration was beginning to build up, and she had never been one able to get herself off with much ease."Babe, can you put the kettle on?" Ron's voice floated into the bedroom with steam from the bathroom. "Thanks."Ron. Lovely, sweet, stubborn Ronald. Her lovely, sweet, stubborn Ronald seemed totally oblivious to her lack of completion, having always been so caught up in his own pleasure during their romps. Although, it was partly her fault. She had become prone to faking it so as to not damage his self-esteem, but it hadn't always been this way. In the beginning, when they had first consummated their relationship, he had driven her crazy. Somewhere along the line (Hermione hated to think about it in public for it always brought colour to her cheeks) he had refined his technique in a way that he knew precisely where and how to touch her so set fireworks off behind her eyes.Hermione followed in her boyfriend's footsteps, rolling out of their bed and wrapping a sheet around her body as she moved through their tiny flat and into the kitchen, filling the kettle with water and turning the stove on. With her back to the doorway, she didn't realise Ron had entered the room until his bare chest was against her back, pulling her body against his own. His chest was still damp, a towel hung from his hips.Reacting with instinct, mingled with the echo of her sexual frustration, Hermione wiggled her arse against his body as his arms encircled her. They were stronger, firmer than they ever had been at school. Hell, his whole body was firmer than it had ever been in Hermione's memory. The Auror Training Program he and Harry were participating in required a strict physical regime to ensure they were at their absolute peak, and Hermione was more than happy to reap the rewards of the intense training sessions."Not now, babe," Ron stepped away before Hermione had even truly begun, grabbing the whistling kettle off the stove to pour himself a tall cup of tea. "I've got to get to work."It took a great deal of her strength not to slam her fist against the counter in frustration, but she doubted Ron would even have noticed her if she had done that. Instead, Hermione, sheet tucked tightly around her body, vanished from the kitchen and into the bathroom, locking the door.By the time her hair was freshly shampooed and her body clean, Ron had already left for work, though it was barely half past seven. After six years of schooling where she had nearly been resorted to forcing him to finish assignments and go to class, having Ron so enthused about work was something she was struggling to get used to.She had opted out of a permanent position at the Ministry after a year and a half of pencil pushing, choosing instead to invest the small amount in her Gringotts account in a second-hand bookstore in Diagon Alley. Whilst the shop earned her enough to pay rent on both the flat and the store, there wasn't much left over. Thankfully, she was able to run the shop without any hired help, and Ron's salary was able to afford their other living expenses.After years of adhering to the rules of Hogwarts, and then to the rules of the Ministry, Hermione was in love with the freedom owning her own store allowed. She could wear her comfiest clothes, take a lunch break whenever she so desired, and she was surrounded by that pleasant musty smell which only second-hand books provided. Fortunately enough, her store, whilst maintaining a steady flow of customers, was really never that busy, giving her all the time in the world to stop and have a cup of tea and relax with a good book whilst quiet customers milled about, flicking through books, taking their time.Dressed in light blue jeans and a grey sweater, Hermione made herself a quick cup of tea to chase down her toast with, stocking her bag as she went around the apartment. When the latest edition of Hogwarts: A History had been stashed into her bag (she just hadn't been able to shake her love of the book), she grabbed her wand, twirled on the spot, and apparated to the stockroom of her store.Back here looked more like a hoarder's apartment, with teetering piles of books stacked in every available space, no clear order to them. It was the messiest part of her life, and Hermione just adored spending time surrounded by the chaos. But for now, she was due to open in two minutes, so she wound her way through the piles and to the shop front, flicking her wand to turn the sign from CLOSED to OPEN.As always, business was slow for a Monday morning. With students having started back at schools just a couple of weeks prior, she wasn't expecting many customers until lunchtime. Settling down behind her counter with a cup of tea and her book, she waited until almost eleven o'clock for a patron. Two elderly witches, gossip on their breath, shuffled in and each bought a selection of Muggle cookbooks.Hermione had opted to go back to her roots and set up a small amount of Muggle books for sale, ranging from classic novels to stories for children in an attempt to integrate the magical community with the non-magical counterparts. The move had proved to be surprisingly successful, with plenty of wizards and witches delighted at the new reading material. Muggle cookbooks had been especially popular, sometimes selling out before she could get new stock in, and she had been considering starting a section for Muggle magazines to try and teach her magical cohorts some more.Her third customer was a daily usual, clad in an expensive tailored suit with his hair artfully tousled. Draco Malfoy had certainly grown up and filled out since their schooldays, now one of the youngest barristers in the Wizamagot since the institution's installation. After his family's official pardon from the Ministry following the war, he had gone on to help convict near to a hundred of his Death Eater brethren, showing no mercy in his prosecution. On top of that, he had inherited a large portion of the family fortune and proceeded to donate it to several charities aiding the people who had been so badly affected.As if his professional life wasn't enough, Hermione had seen his face plastered across the covers of several prominent magazines as Witch Weekly's Most Eligible Bachelor, Warlock Monthly's Most Personable Public Person, and had been splashed across countless headlines in The Daily Prophet to celebrate his reformation. Since his change, Draco had also become a regular customer at her bookstore, sometimes coming inside to buy something, but more recently he would just pop in for a chat and sometimes bring her a new book to read."Business booming as usual, Granger," he commented, leaning on the front counter and glancing around the empty store. He smirked at her scowl and glanced over the tabletop to see what she was reading. "Hogwarts: A History? Really? I'd swear on Slytherin's soul that you have every bloody edition of that book and have read them all cover to cover at least five times.""I highly doubt Slytherin ever had a soul for you to swear on," Hermione prodded and closed her book."Little high strung today," Draco smirked. "Weasley not up to scratch or something?""Ronald is perfectly adequate, thank you very much," Hermione snapped through pursed lips. She stopped and sighed, tangling her fingers through her hair as she pulled it off the back of her neck and into a haphazard ponytail. "Sorry. I shouldn't have been so sharp with you. It was uncalled for.""I was joking, Granger, but your response leads me to believe their might have been at least a grain of truth to what I was saying," Draco said. He recoiled slightly at her glare. "No matter. It's none of my concern.""You're right about that one," Hermione said with a roll of her eyes. "But in case you were wondering, thinking about usurping my place in my relationship or whatever, Ron is a superb lover."Draco's already alabaster skin paled a few more shades, taking on a slightly green tinge. "You can keep Weasley to yourself," he assured her. "And you know what, Granger? Whenever you lie, you roll your eyes just beforehand, which leads me to believe that your ginger boy toy isn't quite...satisfying you.""You're so crude," Hermione sighed. "I haven't a clue how Astoria puts up with it.""Crude words aren't the only thing I can do with my tongue.""You're awful," she said with a shake of her head. "Now are you going to buy something or should I Floo Ron and tell him you're sexually harassing me?""No need, Granger," Draco said and held up his hands, palms facing her. "I've got to get back to work. It's been fun, though. A real riot. I should sexually harass you more often.""Pig," Hermione smiled as he departed with a wave. Two patrons had entered during their discussion, one arriving at the counter moments after Draco's exit with a stack of books in his arms. Grin still on her face, Hermione sold the books with a smile and returned to her own text."Babe?""In the kitchen!" Hermione replied, tucking an escaped curl behind her ear and looking up for Ron. He had undone the top few buttons of his shirt and rolled up his sleeves, much more disheveled than Draco, with his hair sticking up and his grin lazily stretched across an unshaven face. Realising where her thoughts were leading, she shook the image of her former schoolyard rival out of her head. "Good day?""Long," he said, moving and grasping her around the waist from behind. He pressed a small kiss to her jaw.She had set herself up in the kitchen with a glass of red wine and a series of takeaway menus spread out on the counter. It was between Chinese and Indian when Ron came home and he immediately picked up the menu from their local Chinese restaurant. "I'm too tired to cook tonight," Hermione said, standing up straight to lean against the warmth of his chest when he tossed the menu back down."I'm good with takeaway," he agreed, moving his arms to hug her from behind, a series of light kisses pressed along the line of her jaw and up to her temple.Though the interaction was relatively innocent, Hermione responded by pushing herself flush against her boyfriend's chest, body ultra-sensitive. She blamed her orgasm-free morning (and the past three months) for her reaction. She felt the deep rumble of Ron's chuckle in his chest before it came from his lips and he mirrored her movements, pressing himself against her body in response and letting his hands wander from her waist, up and down her sides."Dinner can wait a little bit," Ron said, hands already fumbling with the button on her jeans. Hermione sighed, breathy, rocking against him when he slipped his hand into her knickers and pressed against her clit with his thumb. Her pent up frustration led her to speedy arousal, an urge for him to continue. He teased her up and down a few times as his lips led a delicate assault on her neck. She let out a small moan, leaning against him for more support and angling herself so he could get a better position. Again, she felt his laughter before she heard it but she was too close to total bliss to acknowledge it. When he removed his hand, she let out a small groan of disappointment, her completion snatched away whilst he unzipped his own pants.Ron muttered a quick Contraceptive Charm with his wand pressed against her belly before thrusting himself in with a moan. She may have been more than ready before, but she was caught off guard by the force. He soon developed a steady rhythm that pleased him, punctuating each movement with a grunt. By the time Hermione was used to the intrusion and his pace, Ron's breathing was rapid, knuckles white against her hips. He was satisfied just as she began to enjoy it, pulling away and zipping himself up, leaving her with her jeans and knickers around her knees in the kitchen.It wasn't as though she was a selfish lover. Since they had begun the physical component of their relationship, Hermione had been certain to see to it that they were matched, orgasm for orgasm. She thought it only fair that they both put in equal efforts in all aspects of their relationship, from the banal tasks of cleaning the dishes, to bill paying, to their activities in the bedroom. And it wasn't as though Ron had been particularly selfish until recently, always offering to pleasure her in their early days. Now, pants around her ankles and knickers stretched about her knees, all she felt was humiliation beginning a slow trickle down her spine."That was..." Ron trailed off, though she could hear the contentment in his voice. "I'm going to take a quick shower and clean up a bit. Do you want to order dinner?""Yeah," Hermione said, fighting to keep the frustration out of her voice. She pulled up her pants with a wince at the discomfort. She was certain she would find bruises on her hips in the morning. "I'll order."To her utter mortification, there were tears in her eyes and she struggled to keep her voice level as she ordered their dinner over the telephone she had insisted they installed. Ron's off-key singing could be heard clearly from the bathroom as he scrubbed her from his skin when she edged through the bedroom, pulling out a fresh change of clothes that she could put on when the bathroom was free and she could soak.Ron was whistling when he left the bathroom, grabbing a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt to change into and barely glancing at her as she ducked into the vacated, steamy room. She filled the tub up with water that was almost too hot and stripped off, submerging her whole body. Head underwater, she let the distorted noise swim around her mind. She let the thoughts of Ron and her unresolved satisfaction float out of her mind, emerging from the tub pink and clean a half hour later.Dressed in a pair of snug pyjamas, she joined Ron in the kitchen where he was unpacking the recently delivered food. He helped himself to an outrageous amount of it, piling up his plate precariously and leaving Hermione to dish her own meal out. They settled at the dining table, Hermione pulling a book towards her, Ron picking up a copy of The Evening Prophet and skipping to the Quidditch results page.Following their silent meal, Hermione cleared the plates whilst Ron, exhausted from work, went straight to bed. Not expecting much from her boyfriend, she took her time cleaning the dishes the Muggle way. By the time she made it to the bedroom, his snores were already ricocheting off the walls.Hermione woke up to Ron already in the shower. She stared up at the ceiling for a few minutes, listening to his singing ring through their bedroom, and got out of bed. Her feet recoiled at the cold floorboards and she shuffled into the kitchen to make herself a cup of tea. As the kettle boiled, she returned to the bedroom, just as Ron emerged from the bathroom, still dripping, towel around his hips."Hey, babe," he said, kissing her on the cheek as she pulled out a dress and tights from the wardrobe. "Want me to make you a cup of tea?"Hermione nodded, untangling herself from his grasp. She showered quickly, returning to the kitchen just as Ron took the teabags out of their mugs and added a splash of milk into her cup. "I might be late tonight," Ron said, picking an apple up and biting into it. "Training at work.""Okay," she said. She took a long sip at her tea. "I think I might go visit my parents for dinner, then.""You don't want me to come with you?""No, no. It's fine. I haven't had alone time with them in a while.""Okay, love." Finishing his apple, he kissed her cheek again. "I've got to go. Have a good day.""Bye," she said, but he had already vanished.Sighing, Hermione finished the last of her tea. She returned to the bathroom, pulled her hair up into a ponytail, and stared at her reflection. After a few moments, she reached for her rarely used cosmetics bag, applied a quick lashing of mascara and a soft pink lipstick, and nodded at the result. It was only a slight difference, her lashes barely perceptibly longer and her lips slightly plumped, but Hermione liked the change. She hesitated, considering wiping the stuff off, suppressing the precise reason why she was wearing it before shaking her head resolutely and turning away from the mirror before she did something stupid like pull out the makeup wipes.She checked the contents of her handbag were correct, washed her teacup, and spun on the spot in an elegant pirouette. She was running slightly later than usual but made no move to hurry her opening of the store, taking her time unpacking her handbag, setting up behind the counter, and ensuring her shop was presentable before spinning the sign from CLOSED to OPEN.It took five minutes for her first customer to arrive, the waft of an overpriced, customised cologne signalling Draco's arrival before Hermione had time to look up from her book. But there were two sets of footfalls, both distinctly masculine."Granger," said a voice, a slight Italian lilt to it. Their old schoolyard companion, Blaise Zabini, had accompanied Draco. Handsome and haughty as ever, Blaise was taller than she had remembered, looking down his nose at her."Mr Zabini," Hermione said. She didn't look at Draco who was hovering behind Blaise, thumbing through a collection of short stories. "How can I help you?""My wife is in search of a thoroughly Muggle book and Drake informs me that you may have it in stock.""That may be the case. Do you recall the title?"As it happened, Daphne Zabini, nee Greengrass, sought a collection of short stories by F. Scott Fitzgerald that happened to lie right beside Draco. Blaise remained at the counter whilst Hermione sorted through the stacks of books to uncover it. Still not looking up at Draco, she could feel his presence nearby but didn't realise how close he was until he spoke."Blaise, I'll wait outside," he called over to his friend who barely turned to nod his head. "Later, Granger," he added in a low whisper in Hermione's ear that sent a shiver down her spine. She still didn't turn her head to face him as he left the store, bell above the door signalling his departure, but she heard him chuckle.She finished Blaise's transaction, eyes darting past her customer and to Draco's back pressed against the front window of her store. Part of her was strangely sorry that she was to be missing out on her usual exchange with Draco for the day, and she continued to follow him with her eyes as he and Blaise departed, moving further along Diagon Alley.Frowning, Hermione tided up the store for the next couple of hours, few customers milling in and out. She paused for lunch at one, closing up shop for a couple of minutes to go and purchase a sandwich from Muggle London and returning to eat it behind the counter. She served a few more people than usual, but it was close to four o'clock when her day became more interesting.The bell above the front door rung and she looked up from her tome to Draco's presence in her shop for the second time that day."You just can't stay away, can you, Malfoy?" she commented, closing her book as he approached the counter, leaning on it and thumbing through some of the literature she had set up there."You're far too charming for me, Granger. And that mouldy book smell is far too alluring.""Anything I can help you with?" she offered. "Some sexual health books, perhaps? I have Delta of Venus in stock if you need some pointers.""I'm definitely rubbing off on you," he said. "But I'm more than certain I don't need any help in that department. Always willing to prove it to you, too, if you want."She leaned across the counter, slowly, stopping only when they were barely an inch apart. "Draco," she said softly, pausing to bite her lip, flutter her eyelashes, "I'd rather shag Voldemort than go anywhere near you."Draco's usual smirk appeared. Hermione had to admit that whilst during their school days, his smirk was a smug expression of a spoiled only child with a serious superiority complex, but now, in combination with the rest of his demeanour, there was something slightly sexy about it. "Hermione," he whispered, "I assure you that I can change your mind.""Can you?" She shifted almost imperceptibly closer for a second and looked at him through her thick lashes before retreating, laughing."Got pretty close there," Draco said, leaning on his elbows on the counter. He plucked a pen she kept behind the counter, fiddling with it for a moment before returning it to the surface, face devilishly close to hers. "You look good today, Granger. See you later."He was out of the store before she could respond, leaving her flustered for a solid five minutes before she regained control of herself.Hermione was grateful when the time came for her to close up the shop. She took her time, counting the money in the till, storing it in the safe she had in the back room, and double checking everything was locked up tight before preparing herself to leave. She added another coat of lipstick and fixed her hair and checked the wards one last time before apparating to a safe point a few blocks away from her parents' house.The neighbourhood was familiar, the same she had grown up in. Now the trees had grown and the families had changed, but her childhood home had always remained the same. There were updates to the paint job and the roof had been retiled and her mother had quelled her black thumb long enough to grow flowers under the front windows, but it was still home no matter how long she had been away. Her key still fit in the lock and the floorboards in the entryway still squeaked upon her arrival."Mum?" she called out, locking the door behind her and shucking her bag onto the coat rack beside the door. "Dad?""We're in the kitchen," her mother replied. Hermione passed by the familiar family photos on the wall and found her father sitting at the dining table with the newspaper and her mother retrieving glasses from the cupboard, a bottle of white wine on the counter. "Hello, sweetie."Hermione kissed her father on the cheek and let him get back to his paper, gratefully accepting a glass from her mother. Jean Granger had the same rambunctious curls as her daughter and an always-present wide smile. For as long as Hermione could remember, she had worn the same perfume and had laughter lines and crows feet but was the embodiment of growing old gracefully. She heard the chair squeak and her father stood up to collect his glass of wine."How are things?" he asked, leaning against the counter. Robert Granger was the most typical father figure Hermione could imagine, with his receding hairline and slightly paunchy belly. He smiled as much as his wife and there was little he kept secret. "No Ron tonight?""He's working late," Hermione said. "They've got training sessions every now and then. But he's well. Loving his work and he's very good at it. All the Weasleys are well.""And you?" her mother asked. "How's the shop?""It's fine," Hermione said. "Making ends meet. I have a few regular customers who help me along." By a few regular customers she meant Draco, thinking of the few hundred galleons he had spent on some leather bound copies of Dickens' novels a few weeks before. The price on such expensive items was up for negotiation and he knew that, but the former Slytherin hadn't even begun to haggle before handing over the gold. "I'm fine.""You seem a bit stressed," Robert said. He had joined Jean in the kitchen and they were both starting to get ingredients out to finish up the dinner, companions to the chicken potpies Hermione saw in the oven. "Are you sure everything is alright?""I'm fine, dad," Hermione said. She was eager to move conversation off herself, though she knew she spotlight wouldn't stay off her for long. "How's the dental practice?""Oh, it's good," Jean said. "I'm not sure how much longer we'll stick with it but it's still a good way to spend the day. Is there the chance of a ring in the near future?"Hermione rolled her eyes and finished the rest of her wine before considering an answer. She had known the attention would be back on her in an instant. "I'm still young, mum," she said. "I don't want to get married yet. I don't know how I'd even react if Ron asked me."To be entirely truthful with herself, Hermione wasn't even sure she would say yes. Whilst she was in love with her boyfriend of six years, she wasn't certain it was how she wanted to spend the rest of her life. The idea of marriage seemed awfully average, and Hermione had never been one to settle for average. And with the way her sex life was progressing, she was even more unsure of what her answer would be."I'm just saying, you two have been together for quite a while now," Jean said. "Set the table, would you? Your father and I aren't getting any younger, sweetie, and we want to see you walk down the aisle. And grandchildren wouldn't be a bad option, either.""Mum, you're not even fifty," Hermione said, abiding by her mother's directions and laying out place mats on the dining table. "I'm sure you have a few good years left in you. Besides, I'm not ready to get married. Twenty five is too young to be making decisions like that."Jean laughed. "By twenty five, your father and I were married and you were well on your way.""That was the seventies, mum," Hermione said. "I'm sure it'll happen one day. Just not right now. Can we please eat and rapidly change the subject?""How's Ronald?" her mother asked, dipping her hands into the soapy water to start washing the dishes. Robert had settled himself in front of the television with his feet propped up, having been the one to do the majority of the cooking, and Hermione had offered to help her mother clean up. "Honestly?""Fine.""Really?" Jean said. "Look, darling, you seem a bit tense. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Sometimes in a relationship, you reach a point where you have a bit of trouble in certain ways. Maybe you've been doing the same thing for too long. You just need to mix it up a bit. Try something new and spice it up.""Mum, stop," Hermione said, wishing she could clap her hands over her ears. "Please stop talking.""It's nothing to worry about," Jean continued. "I'm sure Ronald will find his footing and you'll be back to enjoying yourself in no time.""Mum!" Hermione groaned. "Stop it! Everything is absolutely fine with Ronald. We're happy, we're in love, so what more could there be." She paused for a brief moment before continuing quickly, unwilling to hear more of her mother's crude honesty. "Wait, don't answer that."They finished washing the dishes with conversation turned to less personal matters. After the last few things had been put away, Jean hugged her daughter. "As long as you're happy, that's what matters," she said."I know, mum," Hermione said. She noticed the clock on the wall and sighed. "I should head back to my place. Ron will be home soon."She hugged both her parents again and made her way out. The chill of late September made her shiver and she wished she had worn a coat on her way back to the safe point. When she landed inside her apartment, the cold stayed with her and she made short work of getting into a steamy shower to warm up. After wrapping herself in one of Ron's jumpers, she lit a fire and set about making a pot of tea, her perfect companions for a good book.When eleven o'clock came and went with no sign of Ron, Hermione gave up on waiting around for him. She marked her place in her book and tidied up her mess, changing into her pajamas and crawling beneath a heavy blanket. The length of the day settled upon her and she was asleep just moments after her head hit the pillow.A/N: Please REVIEW.
