I own only the plot. All characters etc belong to JK ROWLINGSTAYChapter 1:Hermione sat glumly on her bed in their makeshift tent. It had been three weeks since Ron left her and Harry in the Forest of Dean. She felt the tears well up in her eyes as she replayed the argument in her mind for the thousandth time. The look of anger and betrayal on Ron's face as she decided to stay with Harry, and the feeling of hopelessness she felt as her trio was ripped apart by Ron's departure.She couldn't believe he just left her. She thought he'd felt something for her, yes they both loved each other as friends, but the way he looked at her and comforted her this past year had her thinking they could be more. Then he left, not just her but Harry too. How could he just throw them aside so quickly?Tears began streaming down her face the hurt and longing swelled in her chest. A sob threatened to break free when she felt a strong hand grasp her shoulder, accompanied by Harry's body sitting down next to her on the bed."Hermione?" He questioned, seeing her hunched over on the bed when he walked in caused a pain to rip through his chest. He had taken the Horcrux off from around his neck and set it near his bedHe felt responsible for causing the girl he loved so much pain by being with away from family (whom she just obliviated) and friends to help him hunt for the horcruxes that would one day aid him in defeating Voldemort. He knew that she was upset and hurt by Ron's departure, he had sad idly by while wanting nothing more than to comfort her, hold and feel her perfect body against his chest and whisper his true feelings in her ear. He had kept his distance, not wanting to overwhelm her or get in the way of his best friends' relationship. However, this was the breaking point. He couldn't let Ron hurt her anymore with his absence.She turned her head at the sound of her name, a sad chocolate gaze met piercing emerald eyes filled with concern and something else she had not seen before in Harry's eyes. She felt Harry's arm wrap around her shoulders and pull her into his chest. At this the sob that threatened to escape earlier, came forth and she was blubbering into his shirt."I-I-I cant believe he left me. He was supposed to be here for mefor us. I g-guess I just wasn't enough to make him stayto make him w-want me." She whimpered, she was mildly embarrassed at this confession to Harry but felt secure in his arms and needed release from her pain.Harry stiffened at her words and she leaned out of his hold to look once more into his green eyes, now filled with a look of pain.Her beautiful brown orbs looked up at him, she looked so lost, and wounded. His lioness was reduced to a sad little kitten and rage welled inside at what Ron had made her feel.Hermione watched the flicker of emotions pass through his eyes and then felt his hands wrap around her face, his thumbs coming up to wipe away her tears. He had leaned in close to look her directly in the eyes, hoping to will away her sadness. Harry looked serious in that moment, " I will never leave you Hermione."With that he tenderly took her lips with his. Finally doing what he had been holding himself back from for years, his chest was bursting. He sought to deepen the kiss when he felt her start kissing him back. His kiss became desperate, their lips moving together, their heart rate quickening. His tongue licked her bottom lip and she granted him access to take more of her mouth. She let out another gasp with tears still streaming down her face.Harry broke their kiss, hands cupping her cheek. Hermione was flushed with a mixture of desire, need and guilt in her features. Their panting was the only sound that filled the tent."Harry, what are we doingwhat aboutwhat about Ronand and Ginny?" she stuttered threatening to lose herself to grief againHarry leaned in closer, needing her to see him and his feelings. He looked at her plump pink lips, his gaze lowering to her chest heaving below her grey vneck. Her wild hair was framing her face and her beautiful eyes, Merlin they could break a man's will power."Hermione, it has always been you. Ginny and I broke upyou know that. I wont leave you, I am here, let me be the one to protect you and make you feel"His resolve was hanging by a thread and blood began to rush to the place below his belt. His last word was a huskier than the rest as desire began to take over and he finished his sentence."wanted."She saw the desire cloud his beautiful green eyes. Thoughts swirling a million miles a minute in her head.  It was always Ron wasn't it? How could Harry, her best friend, The Chosen One, the one all the girls at Hogwarts, even some SlytherinsHow could he want herHER? Merlin it felt good to be wantedthat was all she wanted at this moment. A man to take her and make her forget her worries and sadness, and here was Harry, practically professing his love for her.  She didn't want to get hurt again, but at that moment, looking in his eyesshe couldn't stop the pool of desire and longing that was building in her stomach.She leaned over, her hands shaking and body trembling, but set in her resolve and initiated the kiss Harry had been waiting for since he finished his small profession.Their actions became desperate, each afraid the other would begin to come to their senses. Harry crawled up on his hand and knees and gently pushed Hermione back on her bed. Her hair splayed out around her like a lions mane. Harry vowed to bring the lioness in her out again. With this in mind, his kiss moved to her collarbone, licking and sucking down to her neck. He nipped at her ear and a small moan escaped Hermione's throat and went straight to his already hard member. He continued to lavish kisses along her neckline and smiled into her neck as he felt her shiver beneath him.Hermione's hand was clenching into the sheet as she felt his menstruations continue. Her hips began to buck a little of her own accord and she felt the need for more contact. Boldly, she grabbed Harry's hand that was fisting her hair and moved it down under her shirt and to her lacy red bra.Momentarily taken aback by her actions, he stared down at her hooded eyes."Harry, please" she mewled."please, what, Hermione?" He smirked, one that could rival even the cockiest of Slytherins. His dreams were coming true"Touch me" She breathed just above a whisper.As if those words were Pepper up potion, Harry jumped into actions even more deliberate than before. He snuck his hand under her shirt and lifted it above her head and then pulled off her jeans. Harry's sharp intake of breath had Hermione squirming under his gaze. Part uncertainty and part to quell the dampness she was beginning to feel in her panties.Harry looked down at her, clad in a royal red lacy bra and matching panties. Gryffindor's princess, indeed. He chuckled inwardly thinking to himself of course she is matching. Although he could just stare at her all night, her squirming brought him back to the things he wanted to do to her body right now."Merlin, HermioneYou're beautiful" he breathed.With that he ripped off his shirt and pants to where he was clad in his boxers as well. He took her lips again, stroking her tounge with his and feeling her lips pleading for more. His hand began palming her breasts, slipping beneath the cups of the bra to feel her hardening nipples under his calloused hands. She was groaning and squirming under his mouth and her hips seeking friction with his." Calm love, we are going to take our time with this." Harry voice was ragged. He unclipped her bra and immediately took her breast in his mouth, sucking it and palming the other. Hermione's moans were becoming longer and more needy. Harry nipped at her nipple causing another spike of pleasure.Hermione writhing under Harry's assault on her chest, snaked her hand to find his hard member in his boxers. She began to stroke it uncertainly at first, him being her first, and her, his. With Harry's groan vibrating against the nipple in his mouth, she began to build her confidence. Harry switching to her other breast used moved his hand, feeling every curve of her body moving under his and it got lower and finally to the line of her lacy panties. He sat up and pulled them off slowly, taking Hermione's wandering hand and kissing it. Silently pleading for her to slow down so that he wouldn't cum before he could take her.Hermione's hands where all over her chest as she admired his seeker's body. Tall and lean but hardened with muscles. His mouth went back to hers as his hand moved down to cup her womanhood. He smirked into her mouth as he felt how wet she was for him. He began to move his fingers into her folds savoring the feeling of her making his fingers wet with her desire. Her moans picked up and he stuck a finger into her tightness and slowly moved it in feeling her walls clamp around him.They were both panting together as harry moved his head up one second and looked into Hermione's eyes."Are you sure about this Hermione?" He asked, praying she would let each other be their first.She summoned her Gryffindor courage and nodded as Harry slipped off his boxers and eased into her. She let out a cry of pain as Harry pushed through her virgin walls. He waited for a moment to let Hermione gather herself. They locked eyes and he slowly began to move in and out of her. He let out a growl of pleasure as her walls were wrapped around him. They moved together slowly at first but sped up as their desire grew. Hermione began to feel her walls clamp up around him, not understand what she was trying to release. She needed friction and increased her grinding around Harry as she wrapped her arm around his waist.As the sound of their pleasure filled groans increased, Hermione felt the release she didn't know she needed as she felt her wetness drip out from where her and Harry were joined. Harry feeling her release, came as well.They both fell back onto the bed, Harry on top of Hermione, their sweaty bodies panting against each other. Harry slowly pulled out of Hermione and took her into his arms after he muttered a "Scourify" with his wand on both of them.Hermione whispered before falling asleep in his arms, the comfort she had been seeking for weeks " Please stay, leave the watch for now, the wards are strong enough and nothing has happened out here for a weekjust please don't leave me"Harry, exhausted and sated whispered back gruffly, " I will never leave you Hermione." With that they drifted off into a poist-coital blissful sleep.Hermione awoke at dawnalone. Her heart sank in disbelief and shame as she realized that Harry had left her after he took her virginity. Still groggy from sleep her mind swirled in confusion trying to assess their next steps out there in the forest. Maybe he didn't actually want hermaybe he was just using her. This thought is the one which hurt her the most. Hermione wrapped her blankets tighter around her to compensate for the feeling of loss at Harry's departure, and was about to succumb to tears when she heard the sounds of two male voices calling her name from outside the tent.She could have sworn one of the voices belonged to Ron. Sitting up in disbelief, she scrambled out of bed and threw back on her grey v-neck and thermal tights. Stumbling out of the tent she was stunned at sight of a smiling Ron, holding the sword of Gryffindor in one hand, and a broken locket in the other.Hermione looked from Ron to Harry. When her sights fell on Harry, everything they did last night came crashing back and she remembered her feeling of loss this morning.Harry saw the flicker of emotions cross Hermione's face and he silently pleaded to let him explain why he had left her this morning. He knew he was about to hurt her though. After seeing Ron's biggest fear portrayed as he killed the Horcrux. Ron's fear that Hermione would pick Harry. He had seen Ron battle that image and the guilt Harry felt at acting on his feelings came crushing down.He couldn't have Hermione. Ron had just found his way back, and thisthis would ruin him themtheir trio would be broken. Yes, she was worth it to him, but he couldn't do that to her. Isolate her from the Weasley's the only family either of them had during this dark war.Harry was pulled from his thoughts at the sound of Hermione beating up Ron and Ron telling a story about a ball of light leading him back to Hermione. Hermione visibly paled, and hugged Ron quickly before running back into the tent.The guilt she felt threatened to overcome her ability to stand after Ron told her story. She was so torn, but Harry had been so attentive last night and he really seemed like he may evenlove her. She shook off the feelings threatening to crowd her logic at a time like this.Ron looked confused at Hermione's sudden departure and looked to Harry for explanation. Harry had trouble keeping eye contact but told Ron her would go explain and talk to her. He looked back at Ron and told him to take watch and give Hermione time to recover.Hermione heard Harry come into the tent and sit on her bed. Oddly reminiscent of last night, Hermione flinched away from Harry's consoling touch. When she looked up at him he saw distrust plainly reflected in her eyes."Why did you leave?" she fought to sound unaffected, but the crack in her voice gave her insecurity awayHarry felt his heart break. He had tried to give her everything and he was about to take it away. He would never forgive himself for hurting her, and he vowed to never play with her heart again. He could be happy with someone like Ginny, never like he would be with Hermione, but she deserved happiness, friends, and family; and she would lose it all if Harry let Ron's worst fears come true.Hermione saw Harry's pained expression and felt dread pool in her stomach."Hermione. I wanted to stay " he told her the story of waking up and seeing the silver doe Patronus outside their tent. His instincts told him to follow and so he reluctantly left Hermione to continue to face her destiny. He told her how the doe led him to the sword, how he almost drowned, and how Ron found him just in time. He told her of Ron destroying the Horcrux and of Ron's greatest fear."HermioneI-I I cant do this to him. We cantit will ruin everything. Ron would never come backand we need all of us to finish this taskto stand together and win the war." Hermione knew his words were logical but she could not help but feel torn apart by them. Maybe I am not enough. Just like for Ron, for Harry I am not worth fighting for either. Her traitorous thoughts threatened to surface, but she put on a brave face for Harry and for everyone she did not want to let down.Offering him a weak smile, she looked into Harry's shining green eyes and said in the most normal tone she could, " I understand Harry. Last night should not have happened. We were both caught in our stress, grief, and doubt about what we are doing out here, worrying about our friends, family, The Order and the strengthening forces out there. Let's just go back to how things were and focus on what we have to do to end this war"With that she walked out of the tent, taking over the watch for Ron. She opened The Tales of the Beetle and the Bard and let one tear drop onto the page before she began to study and find the clues she knew Dumbledore left behind for her.
