CHAPTER ONEANYTHING YOU RECOGNIZE FROM HARRY POTTER BELONGS TO JK ROWLINGWARNING: CORPORAL PUNISHMENT INVOLVED IN THIS STORYJames Potter, Remus Lupin, Peter Pettigrew, and Sirius Black were laughing as they entered the common room. Cheers erupted from the Gryffindors as the Marauders entered. Peter looked embarrassed at this, while James and Sirius lapped up the attention with broad grins. Remus, as usual, just sighed and smiled wearily."Great prank you played during the first feast of the year!" Connor Wood called, coming over to the four thirteen year olds. "Did you see the look on McGonagall's face when she saw Dumbledore in a dress with the words 'PRETTIEST GIRL OF THE YEAR' flashing above him?" The Marauders burst out laughing, even Remus, who was usually very serious and often disapproved of the pranks (even though he secretly loved pranking as long as they were harmless).FLASHBACK"...as usual, the Forbidden Forest is forbidden for all years." Albus Dumbledore's eyes flickered over to the Marauders, who grinned back at him."Now, Remy!" James whispered to Remus. Remus gave a small nod and flicked his wand under the Gryffindor table. He whispered a few words, and Dumbledore's robes were suddenly changed to a hot pink flouncy dress. Remus smirked and flicked his wand again. This time, the words "PRETTIEST GIRL OF THE YEAR" flashed above the Headmaster. Some of the students took one look at him and fell off their seats laughing. A few even had tears streaming down their cheeks. A few of the students were frozen in shock, eyes flickering from the Marauders to the Headmaster. The Marauders' shoulders were shaking as they choked with laughter."Brilliant, Remy ... just brilliant," James choked out. "Who gave you the idea of the letters above him? That wasn't part of our plan.""Myself," Remus said, smiling.James and Sirius stared at him, then they broke into huge grins. "Our Remus has grown up!" Sirius said, pretending to wipe away a tear."He's finally grown up!" James agreed, pretending to sob on Sirius' shoulder. Remus rolled his eyes and huffed in annoyance while Peter smirked."MARAUDERS!"Most of the laughter silenced almost immediately, the students frozen. The only ones still roaring with laughter were the Marauders. Minerva McGonagall stalked over to them and glared. "LUPIN!" Remus immediately sobered up, though his lips were still twitching. "Shake your friends out of their ridiculous giggling." But Remus didn't have to. The other three Marauders abruptly stopped laughing and stared at their Head of House. "What?" Minerva asked, slightly annoyed."Minnie, our laughing is not ridiculous!" Sirius protest with a frown."Yeah. He's serious," Remus added, sending a wink at James. James quickly caught on and put in, "Of course he's Sirius! There's no one else in this school called Sirius!" Remus, Peter, and James grinned again, which seemed to aggravate Professor McGonagall further."JAMES CHRISTOPHER POTTER!" Sirius yelled. "ONLY I GET TO USE THAT PUN! NO ONE ELSE! NO ONE ELSE!" He screamed out the last part and lunged at James. James yelped in shock as Sirius tackled him."Sirius! It wasn't me who started it!" James yelped. "Remy did!""What?" Sirius paused for a moment, frowning."Remus wanted me to! He winked at me, Siri!" James whined.Remus began to back away nervously. "Now, Sirius," he began. True, usually it was usually Remus who was terrifying when he was angry, but Sirius furious wasn't the most prettiest sight in the world either. "No need to look so-"Sirius sprang at him and Remus' head collided painfully on the bench. "Ow," Remus yelped. Sirius and Remus rolled, yelling at each other."If you are quite finished," Minerva interrupted, separating the boys with a flick of her wand.The four boys immediately stood up, looking sheepishly at their Head of House."Boys, let me ask you something. Why must you always do these pranks at the beginning of the year?""I don't really know why, Minnie," James began, "but I suppose we think we should welcome the first years to this wonderful school."Minerva glared at him. "Mr. Potter, that was a rhetorical question," she said coolly."Rhetorical?" James said, frowning."A rhetorical question is asked in order to produce an effect or to make a statement rather than to elicit information. You just answered an unnecessary question," Remus explained."Mr. Lupin is correct. Now, do you have any excuse for embarrassing our Headmaster?" Minerva asked curtly.Sirius blinked. "Was that a rhetorical question?" he asked.Minerva closed her eyes, then continued on as if she hadn't heard the Black Heir. "Quite frankly I would appreciate it if you watched your cheek, Mr. Black.""How can he watch his cheek if its on his face, Minnie?" James asked innocently."Mr. Potter! I know you know quite well what I meant! I do not want to put you in detention on the first day of school! Is that understood?" Minerva demanded, her voice ringing in the silence.James and Sirius exchanged a look and they both said, "Rhetorical, Professor?"Minerva growled at them in frustration. "DETENTION, POTTER, BLACK! And Mr. Lupin, five points from Gryffindor.""For what?!" Remus cried out."For teaching Mr. Potter and Mr. Black the definition of rhetorical."FLASHBACKRemus smiled as Connor said, "Come on, Marauders. Let's go get a drink, shall we? In your honor, of course!"END OF CHAPTER ONEPLEASE REVIEW!There will be corporal punishment in the next chapter.I have made a decision about my Star Wars stories. I am no longer interested in Star Wars, and have decided to put a temporary stop to my Star Wars Fanfictions. I don't know for how long, but for now, this will be my main story to work on ... I think. 
