Author's Note:Main Pairing: Harry Potter/Draco MalfoySide-Pairings: Ron Weasley/Hermione Granger; More shall be displayed as the fic continues.Brief Summary: Draco Malfoy is a vampire slayer. His sole purpose in life is to kill as many vampires as he can. Since wizard's blood is poisonous to vampires; he has been rather successful. His most recent hunt has eliminated several of the foul creatures; including their leader... or so he thinks. The vampire house leader, Harry Potter, was somehow able to survive and is now stronger than ever. Harry is now out for revenge. He will stop at nothing to kill the grey eyed wizard that almost destroyed him.Warnings: M/M sex, mild violence and wizard bashing.Disclaimer: Harry Potter belongs to David Heyman. The original characters are the property of J.K. Rowling. I own nothing but the plot and make no money from this story. Any similarity with any person/people is simply coincidental.PROLOGUE:Two months ago, a slayer killed Harry Potter. Not just any slayer but a vigilante wizard with death in his expressionless grey eyes. As if acid, his blood ate into Harry's flesh. Felled in an instant, Harry had gasped for breath and could not find it.His heart had stopped beating.A vampire isn't supposed to survive the Dark Markthat's what vampires call a wizard's bloodbut, after being hit, Harry had collapsed onto the body of one of his dying cohorts. An Irish man named Seamus Finnegan. Crazed by the active decimation of his body, he'd drunk from his friend, racing to take the blood before death's release of the mortal soul made it useless.The blood had served to restart Harry's heart. Painfully and slowly.He wasn't sure how he'd made it home or how he'd been able to stop the caustic effects of the Dark Mark. And it didn't matter anymore. Harry had survived.He was now a vampire phoenix, risen from ash and blood.But his injuries had forced him into seclusion for a wizard wound proved a stubborn heal. He still bore scars from his fight with his executioner; the most interesting of which was the one on his forehead, in the shape of a lightning bolt. Harry hated that scar with a passion.Before being transformed into a vampire, Harry had been a surgeon; a man who had witnessed many people survive incredible odds to recuperate and heal. But yes, sometimes they also died. Experiencing recovery for himself had changed him.It had fixed a lust for vengeance into the scarred sinews of Harry Potter's soul. A lust so deep that it could only be satisfied with the ultimate punishment.Death.He, a man who had always striven for peace, now desired a bloody revenge.Harry had argued with himself a lot during the time he was convalescing. A compliant man; he had tried to mold his morals with his new-found streak of revenge. After all, Harry could not just stand back and do nothing when he knew the slayer yet stalked the shadows in search of more vampires to make into ash.Not to mention, Summer solstice arrived in two weeks. That night, Harry planned to return to his home. Hogwarts. Yet he could not do that until the anger that had brewed within him for two months was settled.Before the attack, Harry had led his house and served them well for twenty years. Everyone would be wary, which was only natural as everyone supposed Harry to be dead. But no-one would dare question his authority. After all, Harry was powerful now. He possessed immunity now. He had survived the effects of the Dark Mark and the wizards could not harm him again.So, he would be invaluable. He would fight for his house and his friends and destroy the enemy. However, only one thing could tip the scales and return his mind to the peaceful resolve needed to lead properly.Tonight, he would kill the slayer.Tonight he would kill Draco Malfoy.Additional Author's Note:I know this is a pretty over-abused plot-line that I am using. However, I hope that you would like my writing and bear with it. Since this is my first time writing slash, even though my OTP is Drarry, I am naturally a bit nervous. Reviews would be appreciated and even answered, if I get the time.This is also an assurance that this fic shall not be discontinued; no matter whatever the circumstances.And so the story begins...
