A/N : Hello to anyone who happens to stumble upon my story. First I'd like to say this is my first story so if I've made some mistake of some sort please just let me know. Second, while I am a fan of the series, I'm not an extreme fanatic. So, there may be some errors in terminology and such, please just bear with me. If it really bothers anyone that much, again please just let me know. I'd love to hear some feedback or reviews on my first piece, so any if appreciated! With that said, please enjoy reading."YOU GET BACK HERE!""WHY DON'T YOU MAKE ME!""RON I SWEAR!"Hermione turned just in time to see Ron grinning like a madman right before he plowed into her, sending the both of them crashing to the ground. "Ouch! That hurt, Ron! Why can't you be more careful!" she squeezed out. "And won't you get up? You're crushing me!"Ron lifted his head and grinned. "Sorry about that Hermione." he laughed as he ran a hand through her hair. She blushed, trying to think of anything to say in return when Ron was suddenly hoisted up by the neck of his shirt."I can't believe you Ron!" Ginny admonished, red faced."LET GO GINNY!" he snapped back, their voices rose as Hermione scrabbled to her feet."Hold on a minute, what's going on with you two now?" she asked.Ginny whipped her head towards her, never letting go of Ron's shirt. "He read my diary!""RONALD!" a new voice boomed. Ron groaned. The three looked to the doorway to see Molly Weasley storming towards them. Ginny's grip loosened and Ron quickly distanced himself from her. "How many times have I told you to keep to yourself! Why must you insist on upsetting your sister!""Oh, come on mum. It's just a stupid diary."Ginny's head snapped towards him. "Just a stupid-"Er... Dinner's ready." Harry piped up nervously from the hall."Right then." Ron beamed at his friend. "Time to eat! No point in ruining this special day." He chirped as he pushed his way past the women, past Harry and into the dining room. Harry exchanged a look with the women and shrugged. Mrs. Weasley gave a sigh."Right. You too my dears." she ushered them into the next room where everyone was getting seated. Once everyone was settled she spoke up once more, "Right. I know things have been hectic since the end of the war. I've said this before, but I am so proud of all of you." She beamed, temporarily forgetting the previous scene."Right, and congratulations on finding yourselves proper jobs in the ministry!" Arthur put in."Hear hear!" Fred and George chimed."Can we please eat now I'm starved!" Ron whined eyeing the potatoes. Mrs. Weasley shook her head and smiled as she sat down and everyone began to eat. Hermione took a bite of her meatloaf and smiled. It had been a year since the war had ended and everything had just started to settle down. Harry and Ron had just received news of their acceptance into the Auror department. Of course who would deny this to the Boy Who Lived and his best mate who had come together to fight off the Dark Lord. Hermione herself had just received a job offer in the department of Muggle Studies, while Fred and George had gone back to managing their shop. What with things finally turning around after the end of the war and the reopening of Hogwarts, business was better than ever. "By the way, have you all seen the paper? It seems Malfoy, the prat, has also landed a job at the Ministry.""Really?" Hermione asked interested. "Under which department?""How should I know?" Ron snorted. "That just means we'll probably be running into him often is all." Ron scowled but quickly forgot as he filled his mouth with more food. Hermione made a face at Ron's now covered face and sighed realizing he was right. They no doubt would be seeing more of Malfoy now that he was working so closely. She found she wasn't even all that surprised that he had managed to get a job in the ministry. After all, his father had been pardoned due to the information he had given on the wherabouts of other death eaters and the Malfoy influence was still a force to be reckoned with. And it's not like he was completely daft, she mused. Actually throughout their years at Hogwarts he had proven himself to be quite intelligent. That doesn't change the fact that he's still absolutely horrid. She thought to herself.After dinner had been finished and cleared, the household dispersed. Fred and George apparated away to their shop, whispering excitedly over some new exploding sweet, while Ginny had whisked Harry away to look at the family of rabbits she had discovered earlier. Hermione and Ron drifted up the stairs to Ron's room. It had been a year since they started dating. As soon as Ron had entered his room he threw himself upon his bed comfortably. "Wow, I'm stuffed.""I'm not surprised. You did eat half the table." Hermione replied. Ron flipped over on his stomach to face her. "Are you excited?" she asked."For what?""To start work at the ministry.""Oh. Yeah, I guess so." Ron replied lazily."You guess so? Being an Auror is a huge job Ron.""I know Hermione. Look can we talk about something else? I'm in a good mood. I don't want to talk about work. ""Okay then. What do you want to talk about?" She asked bringing a hand to her hip."I dunno." They were silent. Hermione stared at him and watched as he turned his back to her and scratched his leg."Really Ron?""What now?" He turned to face her."... Nothing." She huffed and turned to the door."Where are you going?" Ron called from the bed."I don't know Ron. I guess I'll go see what Ginny's up to." she answered roughly heading down the stairs."Here's the next one." Hermione looked up from the pile of papers on her desk. Her secretary handed her the folder."Thank you Elle." She received the folder. "I've only been here a week and I'm already drowning in work." She sighed.Her secretary gave her a sympathetic smile. "I know. Think of it this way. At least they know you're capable enough to give you all this work. They're acknowledging your abilities.""I suppose..."Her secretary turned to leave but stopped at the door. "Oh by the way, the new employee is coming in today. You remember I told you about him.""Is that right?" she smiled. "Thanks for letting me know." Her secretary shut the door. Hermione rested her chin in her hands for a moment. She looked back down to the jumble of papers with a sigh. Wondering who her new partner was, she went back to work.Three hours later Hermione was deep into her papers. Nearly finished. She vaguely heard voices outside her office. "-And here's your office. Your partner should already be in. Why don't you gather your things from Eliza here and come in." The head of the department entered her room."Oh! Hello sir!" Hermione stood hurriedly to greet the man."Evening, Granger. How's the work coming?""I've actually just finished.""Fantastic! As expected of the brilliant Hermione Granger." Hermione flushed at the comment. "You're new co-worker has just arrived. Why don't you come in now?" He called to the door. A young man strolled in. "I understand you two attended the same institution." Hermione regarded the new member. Tall, thin. He had blonde hair, so bright it was almost silver. A sharp nose, thin lips and dark grey eyes. Hermione gawked at the man. "-incident with some rogue wizard gang..." The director was saying. Something about the new project the two were to be working on together, but Hermione wasn't listening. She looked at the man's eyes and saw them flash for a moment. Recognition? Surprise? When she looked again it was gone, replaced by a cool look of indifference.Meanwhile, Draco had indeed recognized Hermione Granger, and noticed with surprise that she had made quite a change in appearance. Her once bushy hair had been tamed, replaced by soft golden curls. Her cheeks more prominent, and her eyes once empty and filled with worry now replaced with a new glint with the end of the war. The director paused to look at a clock hanging on the wall behind her. "Well, it's late now. I suppose since you've finished your work Granger you're free to go. Actually, why don't you take Malfoy here and get reacquainted over dinner?" With that he swept out of the room. Hermione's mouth opened impossibly wider as she watched him leave.Draco Malfoy cleared his throat and Hermione, startled, turned to him. "Well, let's get on with it then." Draco drawled and walked away out the room. Hermione stood a moment before shaking herself and grabbing her bag to hurry after him.A/N : Yes I kept both Fred and George alive. Killing one off is too cruel ._.
