Rapt with the rage of mine own ravish'd thought,Through contemplation of those goodly sights,And glorious images in heaven wrought,Whose wondrous beauty, breathing sweet delightsDo kindle love in high-conceited sprights;I fain to tell the things that I behold,But feel my wits to fail, and tongue to fold.He always hated the colour white. It was dull, unappealing, and showed the smallest imperfection. It was also the colour of the moon-his enemy until death.He much preferred colours that hid imperfections, covered the scars that the world had left. There was something comforting about covering up imperfections. As he stared at the walls that surrounded him, in their white paint, with chips, discolourations, and stains, he knew that those portraits that covered the walls, were hung with a purpose. To cover the white walls.Dumbledore had called the Order to meet him tomorrow morning, he had arrived at Number 12 Grummauld Place earlier that evening-greeting Sirius with a warm smile, and a hug. They had sat in the kitchen for a few hours, talking, trying to figure out why they were called, and who would be joining them come morning. Remus had his suspicious, as had Sirius, and they both seemed to be carefully organized ideas. What neither of them knew was who would be arriving. They were given orders-Remus would wait on the street outside, and collect people, bringing them inside.His eyes felt like drooping, the comfort of the old bed was trying to make him sucome to his exhaustion. he could hear Sirius snore from the room opposite, knowing that there was no use fighting. Remus closed his eyes letting sleep come to him.At dawn, he arose, redressing into his worn suit, but who was he trying to impress? Moving out of the bedroom, he could still hear the snores from the room opposite-Buckbeak was also snoring away. He would leave them for a moments longer. Moving down the stairs he felt his stomach do its familiar rumble, but he ignored it. He didn't know when people would start arriving, so immediately went outside, wincing at the bright sun. Pulling out the watch that was given to him as he came of age, he looked at the time. Nearly 6am.One by one, as the hours passed on, wizards and witches arrived, some he recognized immediately, all past members, some new, some embraced him with kind smiles. The Weasleys came into view, and he felt a bit of comfort at the sight of a select few members of the ministry, who followed."Remus," a gruff voice called, as Remus turned heal, and saw the familiar limp of Alastor Moody. "You wont believe it," he gruffed, as he hobbled down the cobblestone, followed by a very distracted witch, walking backwards, her hair a violent shade of Pink, and a light about her that caused Remus to take a second glance. She was walking backwards, and tripped slightly before catching herself. "Remus, Nymphadora Tonks.""Wotcher!" she said with a bright smile."Hello," he said bowing her head slightly. "Mad-Eye I'm sure you know?""Yes yes," he said. "That blasted elf have coffee on? I've been through hell," he grumbled as he moved towards the door, which was only apparent to those who knew it existed. "Train this prat myself," he added stepping through the door, leaving Remus standing on the street with the pink-haired witch."I'm not really a prat," she said with a grin. Remus took a moment, and let out a chuckle, shaking his head. "So we just going to stay outside or are you gonna take me inside?" she asked brightly. "Mad-Eye never told me the address""Of course," Remus replied. "A few minutes, and we will go in," he added. "I'm Remus Lupin.""Tonks," she replied brightly. "So what do you do? Remus Lupin?""I bring people inside," he teased, a small smile twitching at his lips."Nobel work," Tonks grinned, as Remus let out a quick laugh and looked around."Mad-Eye trained you? Must be an Auror?""Yes sir, before he retired, as he claimed someone had to take over for his tired ass," Tonks recalled, as she leaned against the fence. "Who we waiting for?""I think just the Hogwarts staff," he replied with look around. "Probably coming in with Dumbledore," he added. With that, a pop, and the Hogwarts staff arrived, all looking tired."Ah Remus, Nymphadora, so nice of you to wait for us," Dumbledore greeted with a smile. "I believe this is all who are arriving, please quickly inside, we have plenty to talk about." Extending his arm towards the door, Remus entered, followed by a very bouncy witch, and the staff. "Everyone is in the kitchen I presume, excellent," Dumbledore spoke, as the door to the kitchen opened, and about thirty or so people crammed in the kitchen.Remus quickly found a vacant spot, on the counter, and jumped onto it, as his eyes followed the room, chattering ceased, as Dumbeldore took his spot at the head of the table, left vacant by everyone."Thank you all for coming," he spoke. "You all know why I have called you." A collective 'yeses' and nods were spoken, as everyone looked around. "We have some new faces, so those of you, welcome."As the meeting progressed, the eager faces of those around the kitchen turned more somber, not like they weren't expecting it: they were. Voldemort was back, and they did not know how long they had until it was all over. The details were many, there was no denying the second war was on the brink.Remus feared this, he feared losing the only friend he had left: Sirius. He feared losing Harry, and fear what the world would be like, if they lost. He shared the fear, the witches and wizards around him, all barred the same look upon their faces, as they were being told the first phase of the New Order."The prophecy," he stated, "is Voldemort's greatest tool in defeating us, it needs to be protected. We need to make sure everyone is on duty in pairs, no excuses, he can not get his hands on the prophecy.""What does the prophecy say?" a voice asked from the crowd."Not important," Dumbledore dismissed. "What is important is that everyone understands the severity of this. We need to keep strong, and united. Recruit who you can, but I warn you now, be on the lookout, there will be Death Eaters everywhere."A few people glanced around the room, eyes briefly resting on Severus Snape, who stood beside Dumbledore. "Trust those in this room, inexplicitly, without prejudice."Remus looked around, and made eye contact with the bumble-gum pink haired witch, whose mouth slowly formed a smile, as she gave him a wink, before turning her attention back to the older man talking. They were on to Harry himself, and the plan of protection."Why not bring him here right away?" Hestia Jones asked as several people nodded in the question."Not an option," Remus said out of the blue."Remus is right. The night Lily Potter sacrificed herself, she placed a magical protection on Harry, which means as long as he calls the Muggles place home, he is safe. We can not break that protective enchantment early, unless there is no other choice."Remus sighed, crossing his arms across his chest, he leaned against the counter, briefly closing his eyes."In the mean time, we need to make sure Harry is watched at all times, we will be each taking shifts. Minerva will have your schedules, and your watch partners. I don't need to remind you, we are preparing for war."
