The Escapades of Teddy LupinA/N:Anything recognisable belongs to J.K. Rowling!Chapter One: Acceptance Teddy Lupin was still half-asleep when he came downstairs to find his grandmother and godfather sitting and having a chat on the sofa. It was still early morning in Cornwall; the sun was still ascending, casting its' rays over the beautiful coast and through the windows of Shell Cottage. Teddy and Andromeda had arrived from their house in Godric's Hollow a few days earlier, and were to be staying with Bill and Fleur Weasley for the rest of the summer. Harry and Ginny would be staying for a few days as well- Harry had arrived the previous day, and Ginny would be arriving soon with the children, after she finished writing up a few last-minute articles for the Daily Prophet.He slumped himself down on a chair, pulling the sleeve of his pajama top up over his shoulder to hide the intricately-drawn tattoo that he had done using one of his Muggle pens the previous night. Andromeda handed him an envelope. "This came for you earlier," she said, smiling widely. "Congratulations, Teddy."Teddy held the envelope gingerly in his hand. His name and address were written out neatly in black in ink on the back- he was very impressed that whoever had addressed the envelope had managed not to smudge the ink at all. Every single time he wrote a letter, he often got black marks all over the paper, as well as the desk he was writing on. He had once stolen- well, he preferred to use the word borrowed- Andromeda's wand and tried to use an anti-smudge charm on one of his letters to Victoire Weasley, but the paper had caught on fire. He hadn't attempted it again- although that was probably due to the fact that Andromeda now kept her wand locked up when she wasn't using it.Teddy flipped the envelope over and gently removed the Hogwarts seal, trying to take care not to rip it. Naturally, of course, there was a loud tearing sound. Andromeda sighed dramatically and took the envelope from him, taking out the letter inside and unfolding it carefully. She then gave it back to Teddy, who read out loud:Dear Mr. Lupin,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed, a list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on September 1. We shall await your owl no later than July 31.Sincerely,Professor Filius FlitwickDeputy HeadmasterTeddy looked up at Harry and Andromeda, who were grinning happily. "Oh you are going to have such a good time at Hogwarts, Teddy!" Andromeda exclaimed. She removed the list of school materials and quickly scanned through it. "Yesyes, we'll have to head down to London one of these days to pick some of these upI do suppose you can use some of your mother's old schoolbooks- she should have some useful notes in therethat is, presuming she did take notes."Excitement coursed through Teddy's veins. He had been awaiting this day for as long as he could remember- waiting to get his letter and go to Hogwarts to learn all he could about magic and the magical world that he had grown up in. Perhaps he would finally be able to perfect an anti-smudge charm- as well as a particularly fancy spell he'd found in on of his father's old books that involved enchanting words to change color every ten seconds. He thought that might particularly impress Victoire, especially considering that her own knowledge of magic would be limited until she entered Hogwarts the following year.Harry seemed to understand Teddy's mood exactly. "Bet you can't wait to go, right Ted?" he said, grinning when Teddy's hair changed to a bright shade of yellow. "I wonder what house you'll be in.""They say it runs in families, right?" Teddy asked, his brow furrowing and his hair darkening."It often does," Andromeda nodded. "But you've got a good variety of houses within your own family tree. Your mother and grandfather were in Hufflepuff, your father was in Gryffindor, and I was in Slytherinmy, the sorting hat is going to have a tough time with you," she laughed."But of course, personality does matter the most," Harry reminded him. "The Sorting Hat will take your traits into account and use those to place you accordingly. It's hardly ever wrong.""Hm," Teddy said, thinking to himself. He'd grown up with Gryffindors- most of his godfather's friends belonged to the house of the brave, and Teddy had often found himself admiring them. But he didn't think he had the nerve, or the daring to be a part of them. He certainly wasn't cunning and ambitious enough to be a good Slytherin. Perhaps he'd be a Hufflepuff like his mother- he didn't know enough about the house to say for sure.But there was no point dwelling on something that was well and truly out of his control. He was, anyway, distracted from his thoughts of Hogwarts when a young, silvery-blonde girl came charging down the stairs in a pair of pink, plaid pajamas."Good morning Mrs. Tonks, Harry," she said, smiling widely at them. "Hi Teddy.""Hi Victoire," Teddy said, a light blush creeping onto his cheeks. "Good sleep?""Yeah, brilliant," she grinned. "What's that then?" she gestured to the letter on his lap."Teddy got his Hogwarts letter," Andromeda said proudly.Victoire's mouth fell open and Teddy laughed. "Don't look so shocked Vic- it's not like I'm a squib or something.""No, no, it's not that," Victoire garbled, jumping onto the couch next to Teddy. "Let's see then. Wow, I can't believe it Ted- you're finally going to Hogwarts. I mean, we've been talking about it for ages, about all the subjects and the magic and the Quidditch andwow, Teddy I wish I was going too!""You will be next year," he reminded her.Victoire's face contorted into a frown. "That is, if maman lets me. She's been at it with dad again." Her voice changed into a very accurate imitation of Fleur. "But Victoire eez 'alf-French after all- she should go to mon cole- my school. Our Beauxbatons eez far superior to your 'Ogwarts. I will only 'ave the finest education for mon chrie." Teddy and Harry laughed and Andromeda suppressed a smile. Victoire only looked frustrated. "No one thinks to ask me what I want- I mean, all of my friends will be going to Hogwarts. I don't want to go to Beauxbatons with those stuck up French girls""Are you saying that I am a stuck-up French girl?" a voice echoed out from behind them. Victoire turned very pink and Teddy turned around to see Fleur Weasley standing behind them, hands on her hips and eyebrows raised."No, no, of course not maman!" Victoire exclaimed, letting out a half-hearted laugh. "I'm just saying that I would much prefer to go to Hogwarts, where I'm sure I would fit in much better. And all my friends will be going to Hogwarts. Look! Teddy's even gotten his letter already. Vous comprenez, non?""We will discuss zees later." Fleur said, walking towards her daughter. "Congratulations Teddy- I am sure you will 'ave an excellent time at 'Ogwarts. After all, your entire family 'as been to 'Ogwarts, non? You would not be the first one to go to a different school," she said, looking pointedly at Victoire who pretended not to hear her mother."Thank you Mrs. Weasley," Teddy said, suppressing a laugh.It was a week before Andromeda found enough time to take Teddy down to Diagon Alley to buy his things for school. Victoire had begged her parents to let her go along as well, and they had relented. Dominique had tried the same thing, but was told that it was unrealistic for Andromeda to take all three children via side-along Apparition without splinching someone or the other, so Dominique had confined herself to her room, evidently sulking heavily. Teddy had tried to go and see her, but the eight-year-old had stubbornly shoved the door in his face."Nikki will get over iteventually," Victoire reassured Teddy as he came down the stairs looking awfully downcast. He was quite fond of the younger girl- he looked at her as a sister and certainly didn't want her to stay angry at him over what she perceived as his 'preference for Victoire'.Andromeda was waiting for them, and as soon as they were deemed ready to go (which for Teddy involved going back upstairs to change his shirt and morph his hair into a decent color because Andromeda was "not going to be seen out at Diagon Alley with her grandson in a sleeveless band shirt and bright turquoise hair"), they Disapparated and reappeared in the bustling wizard street.They went into Flourish and Blotts first to buy Teddy's textbooks. Victoire followed Teddy around, helping him search for the books on the lengthy list that Professor McGonagall had sent and babbling about the different subjects."Of course, Transfiguration seems incredibly interesting but I hear it's incredibly difficult, so I'll probably be rubbish at it, but I'm sure you'll be fantastic, Teddy, I mean technically your morphing already counts as a form of transfiguration so"A boy about Teddy's age interrupted her. He had light brown hair and wide green eyes. "Hello," he said. "Sorry to interrupt- are you Hogwarts too?"Victoire looked startled. "No. I mean- I'm not. Yet. This is Teddy," she said, gesturing at Teddy, who raised a hand in greeting. "He's starting this year.""Hi," Teddy said, smiling at the boy.The boy smiled back. "I'm Alfie. It's nice to meet you, Teddy. Are your parents wizards?"Victoire opened her mouth to respond, but Teddy beat her to it. "Yeah, they are. I'm here with my gran though- but she's a wizard too.""Oh. I'm the first wizard in my family. Muggle-born, I think the right term is? Anyway, this place is a little crazy and my mum's always been a bit faint of the heart, so she's had to go and sit down at that placewhat's it called, the Leaky Cauldron? I think that's it. So she's sent me off to grab my books, and I can't find anything. I was wondering if you could help me?""Of course!" Teddy replied warmly. "We'd only be too happy to help. The transfiguration book's here," he took out a copy of A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration and handed it to Alfie, who looked at it curiously."What exactly is transfiguration?""It's the magical science of turning one object into another," Victoire said. "You know- teacups into mice, that kind of thing."Alfie's eyes widened. "Is it difficult?""It's one of the hardest subjects there is, yeah.""I hope I don't have any difficulty with it then," he puffed up his chest. "I'm determined to become a fantastic wizard- my parents were ever so proud when I got my letter- there's never been a wizard in my family before- I think I mentioned that already? Well anyway, I know that I can be really great. But I'll probably need loads of help. I mean, you guysgrowing up in Wizard families means that you'll probably have a head start.""Not really," Teddy said, as they walked through shelves of books, looking for the next texts on their lists. "I mean, we're not really allowed to use magic- whatever happens happens without our control.""But you've seen it happening," Alfie replied, taking the copy of The Standard Book of Spells: Grade One that Teddy was handing him. "I've never been exposed to that.""True. But it's not like we have much of an idea about how to do it. And anyway, some of the best wizards of our time have been Muggle-borns. I don't know if you've heard of her, but there's this muggle-born witch named Hermione Granger- she's pretty high up in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and she played a key role in the Second Wizarding War" Alfie's eyes widened. "Sorry, don't quite know if you know about that, but it was a war some time back, eleven years ago." He ignored the stabbing pain in his chest. Eleven years, two months and six days. He knows the exact ending date of the war- how could he forget it? It was the date when his parents died (and of course, it was Victoire's birthday)."Wowshe sounds great, but bloody hellI never realized there were wars and stuff in the Wizarding world!""Yeah," Teddy said, absentmindedly. "Yeah, there are. I think they'll teach us about them in Hogwarts- there's a class called History of Magic. And you can always look them up in the Hogwarts library.""Think I might do that then," Alfie said, almost to himself.It took them about ten more minutes to collect the rest of their books. Andromeda joined them at the counter. She smiled warmly at Alfie when Teddy introduced him as a new friend who would also be starting at Hogwarts."Are you sure you don't need any more help Alfie?" Andromeda asked, as they exited Flourish and Blotts carrying heavy bags filled with books."No, thank you very much Mrs.um""Tonks.""Right, Mrs. Tonks. I'll be fine," he stuffed his change into his pocket. "I should be off now- my mum'll likely be feeling better. It was lovely meeting you. Bye Teddy! Bye Victoire!" He turned off in the direction of the Leaky Cauldron."I have a feeling Teddy's going to be very popular at Hogwarts," Victoire said. "He's already made a friend, and he hasn't even gotten on the train yet! Of course, the dark purple hair might help"The very last place they went to before heading back to Shell Cottage was a small, but well-known shop. It was here that they would find the most important object that Teddy would require in his studies of magic. The sign outside the shop had seen better days, but it was still possible to make out the worn letters. Ollivanders. A bell rang as Andromeda, Teddy and Victoire stepped over the threshold of the doorway. A ladder carrying Ollivander himself swung into sight from behind the shelves filled with dusty boxes. The proprietor too, had seen better days. His skin was wallow and thin, wrinkles covering his ancient face. Yet he still managed to climb off the ladder and smile warmly at the customers entering his shop."Andromeda," he said, recognizing the older witch. "Tonks, now, isn't it?" Andromeda nodded. "Why, I still remember selling you your first wand when you were a child- thirteen inches, mahogany with a dragon heartstring core, am I correct?"Andromeda smiled. "Yes you are. I still use it. A most splendid wand, it is.""Yes, of course. And of course, I remember selling your daughter her wand." He sobered slightly. "I was very sorry to hear of her passing. I remember when she stepped in here, she had such a vibrant personality. Kept changing her hair color all the time.""What, like this?" Teddy interrupted, screwing up his nose. His hair changed from dark purple to a bright pink, to a jewel-toned turquoise and back to the dark purple.Ollivander chuckled. "You must be Nymphadora's son.""I'm Teddy," he said."And this is?" Ollivander asked, gesturing to Victoire who smiled shyly."This is Victoire, Teddy's friend," Andromeda said. "She won't be needing a wand today- she goes to Hogwarts next year. Teddy, on the other hand, is quite in need of your expertise.""But of course," Ollivander graciously bowed and Teddy wondered if he should do the same. He almost did, but realized that if it had been expected of him, his gran would probably have given him a very sharp look- and since she hadn't, there really was no point in embarrassing himself.Ollivander scanned the shelves of wands, muttering to himself before selecting one. "Here," he said, removing it from his wand and handing it to Teddy, who took it from him gingerly. "Grip it firmly and give it a wave."Teddy did as he was told, only to witness a glass on Ollivander's desk shatter. Andromeda impulsively pulled her wand from her robes and muttered "reparo", reforming the glass."Not that one then," Ollivander snatched the wand from Teddy. As he searched through the wand boxes, he said "thank you for reparing the glass, Andromeda dear. You have no idea how many times I have had to perform that spell. It becomes terribly dull after a while.""It's no problem," Andromeda replied. "When you live with Teddy, repairing spells become a reflex." Victoire giggled and Teddy flushed."Yes, I recall Nymphadora was very clumsy as well- she dropped several of my wands when selecting hers."Teddy smiled to himself- he secretly loved it when people who had known his parents compared him to them- picking up on the similarities. It made him feel connected to them on an innate level.Ollivander handed him another wand. Teddy gave it wave and this time, instead of breaking something, the wand began to glow. Ollivander smiled. "Well dear, I think you've found your wand. Very interesting- eleven and half inches, cedar with a unicorn hair core. The same core as your father had."It was late evening by the time they got back to Shell Cottage- Andromeda had had to Apparate and Disapparate between the two places several times in order to safely transport Teddy's newly bought school materials, as well as Teddy and Victoire themselves.Teddy heaved the bags filled with magical ware up the stairs. As he entered his room, he looked at the calendar on the wall. There were just twenty days left until he would finally be going to Hogwarts. He wasn't sure how on Earth he was going to wait.A/N: Hope you enjoyed it! I'll try to update sometime this week, although I do have an exam. Reviews are much appreciated- reviewers get a Teddy with the hair colour of their choice. Also, I'd appreciate some suggestions about you think the head of Slytherin might be, 11 years after the Battle of Hogwarts. Thanks!
