Welcome back everyone! Before we get started, I just want to remind everyone that this is a sequel. If you haven't read First Comes Love, then I suggest you read it. It's not really necessary, but it will help a lot. Anyways, I hope everyone likes it! :DDisclaimer: I do not own Percy, Marcus, or any other character I use. Any reference to the wonderful Harry Potter books by J.K. Rowling do not belong to me and I am in no way trying to take credit for anything that she has done. Percy taps his foot impatiently on the marble floor, causing a small echo to resonate around the room. He crosses his arms over his chest and stares at the girl sitting behind her desk. A quick notes quill was scribbling away beside her head as she spoke, and she seemed to be addressing envelopes. She had flashed Percy a quick smile about ten minutes ago when he had walked in, and held up a finger indicating she would be with him in a moment, but that moment had long since passed.After another few minutes, she stops talking and walks around the desk to Percy."Good afternoon, sir. How may I help you?""I have come here to speak to Mrs. Pearl. She and I have an arrangement that I'd like to discuss with her.""Of course. I'll go tell her that you're here. What is your name?""Percy Weasley.""I'll be back in a moment."Percy watches her walk away, her heels pronouncing her every step. He looks around the empty room for the twenty-seventh time since he's been there. There's two large windows, a desk, a chair for that desk, and nothing else. There isn't even a chair for him to sit in. How rude..."Hello, Mr. Weasley. How are you today?"Percy smiles at the white haired woman. She smiles a smile that is much too big for Percy's taste."Mrs. Pearl. It's nice to see you.""What can I do for you?""I would like to speak to you about our arrangement. I think I have finally worked out more of the details."Her smile fades a bit, "Our arrangement?"Percy quirks a brow, "Yes. Our arrangement. Remember, I came here about three weeks ago to ask if I could use your venue on October seventh, in the evening?""Callie. Can you pull up my event calendar please? I'm sorry Mr. Weasley. As I'm sure you can imagine, my venue is popular and everyday people are asking to use it. I can't keep everyone in place. I may have just forgotten it."The young witch hands Mrs. Pearl a book and a quill. Mrs. Pearl leafs through it."Here we are. October. The seventh was it? Oh dear. Mr. Weasley, I am sorry to say that you have not be given the venue for that day.""Excuse me? I booked it three weeks ago!""I'm sorry.""There must be a mistake. I can see my name and...it's crossed out? Why is it crossed out?""You see, Mr. Weasley, I think it was about a week ago, a young gentleman came here and asked for the venue for that day. I told him it was already taken, but he insisted and he paid me twice what you said you would pay me.""Mrs. Pearl, please. Your ballroom is the only place big enough for all of my guests! If I can't have my reception here then I either can't have it anywhere or I'm going to have to uninvite people!""I'm sorry, Mr. Weasley. If you would like to change the date there's an opening-""Change the date? This is my wedding! I sent out my wedding invitations three months ago! Everyone's already saved the date! I can't just change it! I'm getting married in twenty-six days!"Mrs. Pearl shakes her head, "You should be better prepared, Mr. Weasley. You should've planned everything before you sent out invitations."Percy glares at her, "Don't you dare criticize me on my personal life, Mrs. Pearl! If anyone should be criticized it's you! How unprofessional can you be? First off, I've been waiting for you for fifteen minutes and there's no chair for me to sit on. Second, you take me off your schedule and don't even tell me until I arrive! And I made that reservation in plenty of time!""Mr. Weasley, there's no need to shout.""Who's shouting? Anyway, I think this will be the last I ever see of you! Merlin knows I won't be doing any sort of business with you ever again! Have a terrible day, Mrs. Pearl!"Percy whirls around and storms out of the building."Now what am I going to do? I can't just uninvite people!" he mutters to himself.He sighs and apparates.Marcus smiles when he hears the soft pop of Percy apparating into their apartment."Hey, Perce. How'd it go? You two work out all the details?"He walks out of their bedroom and finds Percy pacing in the living room."Uh-oh. What happened?""People can be so rude, Marcus!""Percy, talk to me.""That...that woman! She gave up our reservation!""What?""She gave it to someone who could pay more money!""Really?""Yes! Now what are we gonna do? Our wedding is in less than a month, Marcus! We need a venue!""I can dig into my family's vault, Percy. We can find out how much this asshole spent and triple it."Percy shakes his head, "No. That place is just stupid! I don't even want to deal with them anymore!"Percy huffs and falls onto the couch. He runs a hand through his red hair, crosses his arms and stares at his lap. Marcus sits next to him."So, what do you wanna do?" he asks."I don't know, Marcus. What can we do? Bill's wedding was at the Burrow, but I know that it was kind of hectic for my parents. I don't want to ask them to host a reception there again.""And why can't we have the reception at the lake?""Because that's where we're getting married!""I'm sorry, but I still don't see-""The wedding is at the lake, the reception needs to be somewhere else.""Why?""It just does. Every girl I know that's gotten married has had their wedding and reception at different places. It just needs to be that way."Marcus nods, knowing better than to keep arguing with Percy."Well, we still have time to think of something.""But we're running out of it! I'm just glad I didn't send Hermes out to let everyone know where the reception would be held. That would've made me livid!"They sit in silence for a moment. Where could we have the reception? Marcus thinks. It needs to be large enough to host all of our guests, and of course almost all of them are planning on coming. That's a good seventy-eighty?-people. A ballroom would've been perfect...Marcus's dark eyes brighten."Perce, I think I know the perfect place.""You do? Where?""Flint manor.""Your mum's house?""Yes. We have a ballroom in there that hasn't been used in years. I remember being little and my parents would host all sorts of events. Mum would have parties, dad would have his meetings, and I think I even had a birthday party in there once.""Do you think your mum would mind?""Not at all! She's more excited about this wedding than we are! She'd be thrilled to host our reception!""Oh, Marcus! This is great! And here I thought we were stuck with no where to take all these people! You're the best!" Percy kisses him, "I'm glad I'm marrying you.""I'm glad I'm marrying you too."Marcus wraps his arms around Percy and pulls him onto his lap."You're absolutely perfect." he whispers."Not as perfect as you.""I'd love to argue but you were born to argue. We'd be up for days.""I'd only need a few minutes to persuade you.""Oh really?""Mmhmm."Marcus looks up into Percy's blue eyes, dark with lust."Care to show me how you'd persuade me?" he asks.Percy kisses him deeply. Marcus sighs and tries to pull Percy closer, only to have Percy push himself away."I'd love to show you, but we made a deal. No more sex or things that will inevitably lead up to sex until after we're married."Percy smiles at Marcus's frown."I'm gonna work on those letters for everyone. You're more than welcome to help."Marcus groans as he watches Percy leave the room, "Why did I ever make that deal?""Because you love me!"Marcus sighs and wills his hardened member to soften before helping Percy with those letters.So, what'd you all think? :)P.S. If you love Percy, you should check out some of my other stories! There's lots of Percy! :D
