A/N: I do not own Harry Potter and make no money off of this fanfiction.On another note, I am going to working on a new story while finishing up and redoing some of my old ones. I now have time to do this and I want them finished. This is a little idea that popped into my head and so I shared it. Those of my readers on here and AFF will notice a slight difference. Sorry. The characters are OOC and this is NOT fully HBP compliant and definitely not DH compliant. I was just re-reading the books and this popped into my head.Voldemort was defeated.After Hermione's tireless research, they found a spell that would attack and destroy all pieces of a person no matter where. This spell did not need to go through walls or anything like that but simply be added to a potion, cast upon Voldemort himself, or even cast into the air to seek out Voldemort's soul. It was a seeker spell and the magic simply sought out the pieces without any artifact needing to be destroyed. How ridiculously simple and it took a sixteen year old to find a spell the older generations should have.Seriously, they had been fighting this mad man for over six years since becoming Harry's friend and yet all it took was a simple seeking spell to defeat him. Why had no one thought of that before? Oh yes, the people fighting were just as bad as Voldemort, they felt to defeat power they needed more power. Of course they thought of it like that. After all, these were older wizards who had teenagers fighting a war because they insisted on living their lives by prophecy, instead of taking charge and dealing with the problem themselves.This however left a really huge problem.It was their seventh year and there was nothing to do besides study for exams. Those who had to participate in the war didn't feel much up to keeping their old rivalries and anyone who sincerely renounced the Dark Lord found their Dark Marks just falling off. Draco Malfoy was one such person as he hadn't truly wanted to follow the mad man in the first place.It was now that Ronald Weasley came up with his next great idea for a mission. His mission: Get Draco Malfoy and Harry Potter together.Yes.He was sure Hermione would give him trouble if he told her and Ginny would most certainly cry, but Harry never showed the interest in his little sister the way he did Malfoy. Hell, minus a couple of kisses and a talk or two, those two weren't really around each other. Hermione and Harry knew each other more than Ginny and Harry, so it just made sense they wouldn't end up together.Still, Harry was such a nice person and wouldn't just openly break Ginny's fangirl fantasies of him so he needed to split them up. This was going to be great. He wasn't necessarily Malfoy's biggest fan, but he thought those two would be an adorably happy couple and with a few potions and spells, they could have a family as well. If he was being honest with himself, Harry's rivalry with the slimy  err he'd have to change that thought  Slytherin was more passionate than anything else Harry had done. It would be a perfect relationship.Besides the Ginny, he had the other problem of the two seemingly hating each other, but was it really hate? No, it was simply a misunderstanding and years of unresolved sexual tension. Isn't that what romance novels would portray it as? He would need to put them in situations that would call for them to work really close together. In fact, he had even managed and signed up for Potions with Harry and he knew Draco was taking the class. Ron figured he could use Snape's seeming hatred of Harry to his advantage.As he closed his eyes to go to sleep, Ronald Weasley's mind was filled with thousands of ways to put Harry and Draco together. He figured Harry would probably be the bottom one so he would need to put some other ideas in his head as well. Draco might take a bit of work, but Ron was a pureblood wizard as well. He knew the traditions and he would more than happily "set" those two up using them for Draco's end. With that final thought, Ron drifted off to sleep.
