A/N: This story contains the occasional (mild) swear word and plenty of Skeeter-bashing. Before reading this it is necessary to read Rita Skeeter's Gossip Column on Pottermore. "Yeah you can have a word," said Harry savagely. "Good-bye."  Harry Potter and the Goblet of FireGinny threw down the Daily Prophet Gossip Column in disgust. She was almost shaking with anger. "I can't believe her! How can that lying, cheating, gossiping hag call herself a reporter? She's vermin, that's what she is!""I agree with you Gin, you know I do, but must you get so worked up about it?" Harry murmured from the sofa."I'm not getting worked up over it for my sake, Harry. I knew what I was getting into when I married you." She sighed. "I'm more worried about Teddy. He didn't ask for this, he hasn't done anything except exist. He was a baby all of this started and now..."Now he's becoming a man and he can't even do that without ending up in the papers! "What goes on between himself and Victoire is his own private business. He's didn't even get the chance to tell us and that cow had to go and tell the whole world!" Harry thought it over."You know," he said slowly. "Teddy's almost a grown man and I think he's more than capable of dealing with the fallout." He chuckled. "I don't think the article is going to make any difference to them. If anything, they'll probably go at it harder just to spite her.""You're probably right," she admitted. "I shouldn't let it get to me." Harry certainly was not. He did not see the point. He was on holidays, after all. "Just three more days, three more days and you won't have to look at another copy of The Daily Prophet for three whole weeks." Ginny smiled at the thought."It's not that I mind working, especially now that you're all here. The thing that bugs me is that people forget that the real reason why we're here- to just play Quidditch." It baffled her how anyone could be more interested in the reporters than the game itself. She would love nothing more than to just be able to concentrate on the game. Yet, sometimes other things just seemed to get in the way.She loved the Quidditch World Cup. She had been lucky enough to get the chance to play on the English National team in 2002 and had the pleasure of reporting during every Cup since. She had been pregnant with Albus back in '06 and she credited his being such a huge fan of Quidditch to the fact that he had been there when Burkina Faso beat France. Back then, James had been too small to understand Quidditch so he had stayed with her parents during the weekend of the final. Then in 2010, though Lily had been quite young, when The Prophet asked her to cover the Cup, Harry had insisted that she do it. Surprisingly, he had managed pretty well- with some help from her parents.At least this year, though she knew she was still going to miss them very much, she was a little more confident that there wouldn't be many problems while she was away. She had been right. By all accounts, the kids were on their best behaviour- bribed somewhat by the Cup tickets and the holiday the family had planned once it was all over. The only one who got into trouble was Harry. He had sustained an injury while working a case.Aurors were highly trained and capable of dealing with all sorts of spells and situations. However, even they couldn't be asked to defend themselves against spells they had never encountered before.After trying all possible defence mechanisms, to no avail, he ran. His counter curse made impact, just as the jet of blue light hit his cheek. It immediately set to work burning through his skin like acid, reducing his cheek, jawbones and teeth to almost nothing. The pain was like nothing he had ever experienced before.The team at St. Mungo's had worked round the clock for four days and nights to counteract the curse and reconstruct his face. Harry was joined in the Hospital Wing with several other colleagues. Ginny had been horrified to hear this, but relatively speaking their injuries were fairly minor. The majority of the counter curses cast had made impact. Every single one of the criminals in question were being treated at the hospital. Their injuries were extremely serious and if they recovered, they were to be tried for their crimes.Ron had sent her a letter, telling her that Harry had suffered an injury, while working on a major case, but that he was on the mend. He said that Harry hoped to be well enough to see her on the sixth as planned. When he arrived, she saw the scar. The team at St. Mungo's really had done an excellent job and for that Ginny was grateful. He looked no worse for wear, except for the cut where the curse had first made impact.She knew, from what he had told her that it could have been much worse. For once, she was glad that Harry insisted on such a large amount of fitness training and reflex testing for the members of his department- himself included. She was certain that if he hadn't run when he did, the curse could have hit elsewhere, causing irreparable damage.X"Are you alright?" She asked him. He had kept his promise, arriving yesterday morning, newly discharged, with their three children in tow. He had explained everything to her, and even though he didn't look too bad, she couldn't help but keep asking him how he was doing. She hated to see him injured and she felt guilty for not having been there through it all. However, Harry didn't hold it against her. In fact, he had said that he was glad she hadn't seen him in the state he had been a few days earlier."I've never been better. Would you like me to put it in writing? Have an official press release done out?""Okay, forgive me for not being the callous wife I'm made out to be by the media." Harry raised his eyes to heaven jokingly. "I'll live. I'm a few grey hairs short of a deathbed just yet.""Grey haired my arse! Even that Skeeter woman can't deny, you're still attractive to warrant a huge number of screaming female fans throwing themselves at you." She walked over and kissed his good cheek."What do you reckon Lily, do I look alright?" He turned to his daughter who was curled up beside him, looking through the newspaper.If he wants honesty, he will certainly get it from her. At five years old, Lily was honest to a fault. "That cut is ugly, but other than that you look the same as you always do." Of course, Harry had more than one mark on his face, but Lily considered the scar on his forehead as much a part of him as his eyes. Ginny doubted there was any living soul who had known him at any age when his face was scar-free.Lily wasn't quite old enough to understand why her father was instantly recognised whenever they ventured into Diagon Alley. She simply knew that he had done a great service to Wizardkind.However, despite her tender age she was a Quidditch fanatic. She loved anything to do with the game and even though she was unable to play it, she was an extremely enthusiastic supporter. Before the tournament began, she had chosen to support Bulgaria. In the beginning, everyone said that Bulgaria would not make it very far in the competition. They said that Krum was too old. But that didn't change the fact that Krum and the whole team were amazing players. Ever since they arrived, she had been wearing red in support of her team.However, of course, that wasn't enough. "Mum now that you're finished talking about that woman, can you do my hair?" She slid off the sofa and got down on her knees. Ginny obliged, weaving the colours of the Brazilian flag through the strands of her fiery hair."Was I talking about her too much? Sorry Lily, she just gets on my nerves.""Mum? Can I ask you a question?" When her mother nodded, she went on. "Is she really a cow? I mean, can she turn into one? That would be a cool disguise, but surely, the people here would notice..." Ginny had to abandon her hair, she was laughing so hard. The image of a Jersey cow wandering around a campsite in the Patagonian Desert was enough to reduce both her and Harry to tears.XEventually, she came to her senses, but thankfully, they were spared having to answer the question by the arrival of the boys. Both were tousle haired and bleary eyed from sleep. They stood there in their Chudley Cannon pyjamas looking confused.After surveying the scene for a moment, James decided it was time to speak up. "Mum, what's going on?""I'm sorry boys, we didn't mean to wake you. Lily just said something Daddy and I thought was funny, that's all."Albus piped up. "But we woke up earlier, when we heard loud voices."James joined in then, eager to get to the bottom of what was going on "Yeah, you said something about not being able to believe..." Ginny glanced at her husband, who brought the situation out of dangerous territory by thinking on his feet."That was me, we were just talking about the final: I said 'I can't believe Albus is supporting Brazil!' James burst out laughing. As always, he and his little brother were supporting opposing teams. They could never agree on anything.Harry was supporting Bulgaria too. As a reporter, Ginny was supposed to be unbiased but she could not help wishing that Krum would get a chance to fulfil his life's ambition.Upon hearing this, Albus was outraged. He proceeded to give them a full run-down on the Brazilian team, especially their seeker; Tony Silva. James and Lily took it upon themselves to defend Bulgaria, sparking a whole discussion. Ginny was impressed at their knowledge and proud to see that they were taking such an interest. Devoted fans and skilled teams were at the heart of the Quidditch World Cup.I can't believe I was going to let one stupid reporter get in the way of what really matters. 
