Disclaimer: Not JK Rowling, clearly, so I do not own the series, just the plotThank you to anyone that reads this. The chapters are quite short, so they shouldn't take long to read. Please let me know what you think as this is only my second multi-chapter FanFiction. Any feedback at all is great, so feel free to critique it to death. I've got feedback on my other multi-chapter, which was a ScoRose one, called Ice-Cream, if anyone is interested, and I've tried to make it easier to read, but let me know if I've failed. I want to improve my writing, so I welcome criticism, but only the positive ones. If you're negative or mean, you belong in an asylum and I don't want to hear it, because that does not help at all. So, anyway, enjoy, have fun, say hi, please, please PLEASE review!Fred walked through the Burrow way after everyone else was asleep. He couldn't sleep himself. No, he was too swamped in guilt for that. He should have been there. He would have taken the fall for him. He would have protected his baby brother. He would have kept him safe. He would have made sure that Ron was kept alive and well and safe and secure, not six feet under, kept in eternal sleep in a wooden box.He kept walking, ploughing through his thoughts and hoping for some sort of relief he could supply for himself, when he heard the screaming. And not just screaming. The blood-curdling, spine-tingling cries of pure, unadulterated agony, coming from Ginny's room. He ran full tilt to get there, sprinting up the stairs like the devil was after him.Ginny was crouched over a writhing Hermione, trying to quiet her. Hermione was obviously having a very bad nightmare, but what struck Fred was the fact that she wasn't waking up, and it didn't seem like she was going to in the near future."Ginny, what happened?" He demanded loudly over Hermione's screams, coming over to kneel next to Ginny, smoothing his hand over her forehead and pinning her arms to the bed, trying to quiet her thrashing."I don't know! I didn't do anything! She just started screaming!" Ginny replied, pushing her flaming red, sleep-messed hair out of the way. He could hear the others coming to investigate as well, their footsteps echoing off the stairs. He shook her shoulders and yelled in her ear, telling her to wake the hell up. He turned and saw Harry in the door frame with a cup in his hand, filled with water. He handed it to Fred, pushing his glasses up his nose."Pour the water over her right arm.""What will that do?""Just do what I tell you." Fred did as Harry asked, pouring the water all over her forearm. Hermione sprung up from the bed, sweat glistening off her forehead and hair matted all over her head. She woke with a last, terrifying scream and immediately started swatting at her arm."It's burning! It's burning! Get it off! Get it off!""Hermione, it's okay!" Fred jerked his arms forward and held her to his chest. "You're alright, you're safe. It was just a dream." He heard her ragged breathing and waited till she had her breath back, then stood up from the bed and beckoned to Ginny to take over.He didn't need to because Hermione was already being held by a very tired, but sympathetic looking Ginny. Fred left the room, telling the rest of his family to go back to bed and went into the kitchen, filling a few glasses with water. He took out his wand and floated them along to the girls' room so they wouldn't spill. When he arrived back in the girls' room, Ginny was now sitting next to Hermione with an arm around her shoulder, silently offering comfort. Without a word, Fred offered the glasses to both girls and drank from the remaining cup, putting his wand away and sitting on Ginny's bed, opposite his sister and Hermione."May I ask?" He queried, knowing that she would understand what he meant. She smiled slightly and held her head in her hands, before turning to him again and answering his question in a round-about sort of way."I know that you know that Harry and I and... and Ron... looked for the horcruxes for almost a year." Her voice was small and filled with pain when she mentioned Fred and Ginny's brother. "Our journey was mostly guesswork. There came a point that we had to go to Malfoy Manor to help Luna Lovegood and Mr. Ollivander. We weren't planning to be there long, but we had to go. And we happened to meet Sirius' charming cousin, Bellatrix. She's such a charming woman." She chuckled harshly, and Fred saw Ginny harden her grip on Hermione's shoulder. "Anyway, so we were there and she thought it would be amusing to... um... use the Cruciatus Curse on a Mudblood who was so conveniently close to her." Ginny stiffened and Hermione wrapped her arms around herself. Fred never took his eyes off her. "So Harry and everybody else was in the cell in the Malfoy Manor. What kind of manor has its own personal cell? Anyway, Bellatrix Lestrange used the torture curse and various hexes and any other torture that took her fancy. Like I said: Charming woman. Then she took out her knife and..." She pulled up the long sleeved pyjama top on her right arm and Fred stared at the red, angry letters someone had craved into Hermione's flesh. "She cut that into me. It must have been a cursed blade, because since then, I've been having nightmares that I can't wake up from until someone pours water on it. It feels like my arm is literally on fire. Like my skin is burning off my bones and I can't wake up from it." She wrapped her arms around her knees again, rocking slightly. Fred looked over to Ginny and noticed she was crying, still running her hand up and down Hermione's shoulder."You're right, Hermione." Fred told her, smiling as she stopped rocking and looked at him. "Absolutely and utterly charming woman." Hermione smiled in reply to Fred's grin, a chuckle forming on her lips. Before long they were all laughing, and quickly and casually changed the conversation to something less serious.Fred woke up the next morning still in Ginny's room, his neck slightly throbbing from the absurd angle he was in. He was sitting on Ginny's bed, leaning back against the wall, his shoulders slumped. He looked across to Hermione's bed, where Ginny was asleep in her lap. She was already awake. She pointed to Ginny and asked with her eyes for help. He leaned over and shifted Ginny so Hermione could wriggle out, before they both laid her back on the bed. She curled up in a foetal position and snuggled closer into the mattress.They both crept out of the room and downstairs, where they both sat down at the table. Fred drew out his notebook and started looking over a particularly difficult new product he and George were working on. Anything to keep his mind away from the nauseating guilt he felt in his stomach when he had time to be quiet.Hermione looked over at his notes and frowned, unconsciously shifting his book so she could see it better. She started to mumble to himself and Fred grinned, letting her work it out."You're having problems with this, aren't you?" She asked, sliding her finger along the page."It starts off fine, but then the end result never works. We've tried everything." She snorted and gave him a smirk. She flipped a page and looked through the various experiments they had tried. She laughed at one particularly silly one."You haven't tried everything. You've changed all your ingredients, but this one here. Fedatron Root.""But without that, there is no point to the whole thing." He whined. She shushed him and ordered him to get her a quill. He did so willingly, knowing she would be able to sort this out."So if you change the Fedatron Root to Greepspark, you should get pretty much the same reaction. And you should also lower the amount of Fuzzwidgeots, otherwise it will counterbalance the effect of Kilowoks." She wrote down her findings in her neat swirls and gave the notebook back to him. He looked it over and ripped out that page, placing it next to him and copying her findings and measurements onto a new page, putting in the new method and ingredients."Great." He finally said, tossing the old notes into the bin. "Well, since you're so good at this, we've been having problems with these things, too. We just can't get them to become as goopy as we want. We've even tried Muggle stuff, but they just don't work with the amount of Gremphooks we're using...""So we add the Tremera Juice with the Crumfel Powder and then-""No, no, no. I've told you a hundred times, you add the Tremera Juice after the Crumfel Powder and then stir in the Unicorn Hair.""But I thought that the Tremera had to soak the Crumfel into a paste and-""No, if you do that it'll explode in you hands." Harry stopped rubbing at his eyes as he stepped through the kitchen threshold, staring at Hermione and Fred planning pranks. Pranks, for Godric's sake. Hermione didn't do pranks. "It's the Fresonand that needs to be soaked. And it's not a paste, it's a mash. If it's powdery still, you need to add more till it becomes goopy. And that is what will get your product properly hard." Harry felt a presence at his shoulder and looked over at Ginny."Dear Merlin," She said, here eyes wide a scared. "If those two get together on pranks, we'll all gonna die!" Harry gave a chuckle and walked all the way into the dining area."Morning." He chirped. Both people at the table gave a wave but didn't look up from their notebook. Harry chuckled again, not exactly sure if the fact that Hermione was helping Fred with pranks was a good thing or a very, very, very bad thing.A/N: So, what did you think? Please let me know, even if you don't leave your name. Please review, I need the help. And, to answer the obvious questions: Yes, I did make up those ingredients and products and stuff. I think. I didn't want to guess and then get it wrong and get hate mail, so I just made some up off the top of my head.A/N: As you've probably already guessed, I stuck with JK's original plan and killed Ron and kept Fred. I hope that nobody gets their panties in a twist over this, but if you have a problem with anything going on, let me know and I'll try to fix it. A/N: Thank you so much for reading this. It means a lot. 
