Horror in the NightHarry had had a thoroughly gruelling day so far and now he had double potions again. This year, Monday was always the worst day of the week. Snape, Umbridge, Trelawney and Professor Binns all in one day! He had never thought he would have a teacher he hated more than Snape, but he had discovered his mistake... he had discovered Umbridge. The scars on his hand from his many detentions with Umbridge shone pearly white has he clenched his stirring stick. Snape came sweeping across the dungeon like an overgrown bat. Hermione gazed at Harry, an anxious look in her soft, brown eyes. "Don't stir like that Harry, stir with gentle motions," she whispered. Snape paused by Harry's cauldron and sneering at finding nothing to criticise, he swept back down the dungeon. Harry felt a rush of gratitude towards Hermione. His gal pal always helped him out of tight spots and her loyalty to him never wavered. His insides squirmed at the memory of how he had shunned her back in their third year over the matter of his Firebolt. To think it had been Hagrid who had told him that he should value his friend above broomsticks and rats! Hermione did not get on with everyone, but she always looked out for him. Harry gave her a small smile and she blushed and smiled back."Sir, Potter's potion is as bad as Longbottom's," sneered Draco Malfoy, flicking a bat's eye at Harry. Harry glared at Malfoy. Malfoy's silvery eyes were glittering with malice, his fine featured face was flushed, his hair, like spun platinum seemed to gleam in the dim light in the dungeon. Other Slytherins were sniggering and the Slytherin girls were giggling in their earsplitting way, but Harry never noticed girls - he had no time for any of them - except of course for Hermione. If she hadn't become his friend, who knows where he would have ended up by now? If Voldemort had more brains than Homer Simpson, he would have attempted to remove Hermione from Hogwarts. Harry would have no competent protector then.As chance would have it, Colin Creevey came scampering into the dungeon at that very moment. "Well?" Demanded Snape."Sorry professor, but I've got a message for Hermione Granger. She's wanted by professor Vector, something about a special scholarship," said Colin."Very well," said Snape. "Miss Granger, go to Professor Vector at once."Hermione patted Harry's arm and left."What would we do without Hermione," muttered Harry to Ron. "No other girl ever helps us like she does.""My little Sis has not given up on you, mate," said Ron."Uh-huh," said Harry, not really listening. "I'm going up to the Room of Requirement to rest. For sheer, in your face do what you want it to do, nothing will beat the Room of Requirement as a plot device."On his way along the seventh floor however, Harry suddenly heard the incantation, "Petrificus totalus," whispered behind him and suddenly felt his whole body stiffen. His arms clapped to his side and his legs sprang together. His jaws clamped shut and he fell over. Malfoy and a group of sniggering Slytherins surrounded him. Malfoy had jumped out of a disused classroom as Harry had walked past and hexed him from behind. If only Mad Eye Moody had been there!"Put him in there," said Malfoy and the Slytherins bundled Harry into the disused classroom. "Members of the Inquisitorial Squad can do as we like Potter," said Malfoy sniggering. "You're not the head's favourite boy anymore. New head, new times." The Slytherins laughed and went away. Harry had to lie there fuming, for several hours as the sun began to set and night fell. Eventually there was a light tread outside the door and a girl came staggering into the room. There was no mistaking that fiery hair, even in the near darkness. It could only be Ginny. "Harry!" She cried, falling to her knees beside him. He could not answer as he looked up into that freckled face. "Malfoy did this? I heard those snakes gloating about it," she said, stroking his cheek. She was definitely slurring in her speech. Harry thought she must have been drinking. She leaned closer and his impression was confirmed. Her breath reeked with strong liquor, possibly firewhisky, Hagrid often drank that stuff like it was water. "That idiot Malfoy was gloating about it," said Ginny, "let me kiss it better," she leaned close and her long red hair obscured his vision. She kissed him, the pungent smell of her breath invading his nostrils. He felt somewhat indignant. He wouldn't have given her permission to do that. He wouldn't let any girl kiss him! Except for Hermione of course, but she was an exceptional girl. "Sorry," whispered Ginny as she straightened up. "Your mouth is jinxed shut." She tapped his lips with her wand and he felt the hex release his jaws."Ginny," he said hoarsely, "let me go.""You're so cute though, helpless as a little baby," giggled Ginny, stroking his hair. "I could do anything I want with you. But I won't of course." Suddenly she gave a ridiculously affected faux-evil laugh. "Mwah hah hah, or will I? Seriously, I know how to make you feel better." She pulled off her robes, and then her bra, revealing the pale mounds of her firm breasts and then lunged forward, kissing his neck passionately. "Ginny stop!" he implored and she sat up again. He was startled to see tears shining in her bright brown eyes."It's Hermione, isn't it?" she said, her voice quivering. "Well make love to me and see that I'm the one for you.""No!" said Harry. "I can't make love to you..." This angered her. She clapped her hand over his mouth."Shut up, okay," she admonished, widening her eyes threateningly. She tapped his mouth with her wand and his jaws sprang shut again. "You are going to get it up for me, not for Hermione. What you see in her I don't know, no one likes her except you and my stupid brother..."With an overwhelming feeling of helplessness, he could only watch as she pulled off her pants, revealing her squirming vulva. Then with a rising sense of dread, he felt her small hands demolish his pants and caress his manhood. She lowered her face to his member and began to kiss and lick it. He shuddered at the violation as unwanted sensations coursed through him. He would have pleaded with her to stop at this point, but his lips were still sealed shut. Ginny held his manhood in both her hands and then straddled him. Even in the dim light, he could see only grim determination in her freckled face. She thrust down and impaled herself on him and he shuddered as feverish sensations coursed through him. She gave an earsplitting moan and lunged forward, locking her lips on his. The stench of her breath invaded his nostrils. He could feel her firms breasts mashed into his chest. His disloyal body was causing unwanted waves of pleasure and pain to course through him. He could feel his sense of self taking a blow with every piston thrust of her slender loins. She thrust and thrust and then he juddered as she screamed like a banshee and his seed erupted forth into her. Harry lay, feeling limp and sore and disgusted beyond measure. Ginny patted his cheek, her dark eyes glowing and her cheeks flushed. "How was it?" she asked. "No don't tell... when you're ready, we'll go at it again."
