Disclaimer- I don't own the Harry Potter series or any of the characters in this story, other than, of course, Casper and her adoptive parents. WARNING- This story will have SPOILERS! I mean obviously.I can remember them. However vaguely I can remember my parents. I remember my mum's kind smile and her reddish brown hair. Her bright green eyes and her flawless face.I remember my fathers jet black hair and his easy laugh. His handsome face that showed little sign of age.I faintly remember a baby, or maybe a toddler. A boy I think. He had my mum's eyes, my eyes too.Then I remember hiding. Hiding in the closet frightened but silent. I heard cruel laughter and a flash of green light before the robed figure came to mum. My mum begged him to kill her not the baby. Harold maybe? Said to kill her instead.This was followed with more cruel laughter and two more flashes of green light. After the second and last there was a horrible screaming sound and the crying of the baby.The rest is sort of a blur, two people came and went past my hiding place before walked out of the closet. I had just learned to walk and talk the week before and I was immensely proud. I then realized that someone had taken the baby.My mother was lying on the floor, spread out with her eyes staring at nothing. I tried shaking her to wake her up, grabbing at her cold arms to no avail. I started crying."Mum mum!" I wailed shaking her when a man walked in. He was pale and had a long, hooked nose. All I remember after is the pale man holding my mum crying until he took notice of me. He took me to the Stockwell orphanage where I lived for 2 years.At about 4 my life took a turn for the worst. I was adopted. At the time my new parents looked amazing, The mother was skinny and short with a small, shy smile and small features. The father had a bushy mustache and an American, country accent. The mother was named Julia and the father Ben. Julia and Ben Quarts.A normal orphan would be overjoyed they got adopted. Taken away from Stockwell and with a family who loves them. But I'm not a normal, things happen with me. And my family doesn't love me.I'm 12 and my adoptive mother is dead. She got extremely sick and there was nothing anybody could do. My adoptive father is as good as dead though.I woke up on the floor, my head pounding and surrounded in blood. Dizzy, I looked around. Ben was unconscious on the couch with a bottle in his hand and a knife next to him on the floor. My wrists and my stomach was covered in dried blood and the knife was covered in my blood. I silently got up and cleaned myself off. I was too used to this.At least he didn't try to kill me this time. I thought darkly.This had been going on for as long as I've lived with him. Rape, abuse, attempts at murder. He'd done it all and I've just dealt with it. Yet no matter what he did I always turned out okay. Seriously scarred but alive.I rubbed my wrists with the water wincing only slightly at the pain shooting up my arms. I was covered in fresh, pink scars but at least there was no blood anymore. I grabbed a clean rag and busied myself to mopping up the floor. The mess was easy to clean up and I went to dimming all the lights and going to the fridge to get Ben a bottle of water."Ugh!" Ben groaned arching his back. I rushed over handing him the water bottle and helped him sit up. He grunted his approval and I waited."Don't just stand there get me some more!" He yelled slapping me across the face. I nodded quickly and rushed to get another bottle. He finished this one just as quick as the first throwing the empty bottles across the room. I rushed to go get them."Get me a beer!" He demanded grabbing his knife and flipping it. I rushed to the fridge and my heart sank."Oh god." I whispered starting to feel sick."What's that girl? Why don't I have my beer?" He asked angrily."You're you're all ou.. out" I stammered shaking so hard I could barely move."What?!" He screamed, standing up now. My mouth opened as if I was going to talk but nothing came out. I felt it before I knew what was happening I felt a sting across my face. I fell to the floor with a dull thump."Get up!" I received a swift kick to side and felt my ribs break. I was still shaking and silent tears were running down my face as I fought to get up."Come on!" Ben yelled again and I felt him pull me up roughly and pin me against the kitchen counter. I screamed as I felt his knife cut through my leg. My vision started getting black around the edges as my screams just turned into pitiful moans.I woke up and was almost sick. My leg was still bleeding and the world around me was spinning. I got up with difficulty and began to clean up the mess of blood on the floor. I was still scrubbing when someone knocked on the door."Get the door!" Ben growled not turning from the television. I got up slowly and gave a sharp intake as pain shot up my leg. I hurried to the door as fast as I could with blood still falling down my leg. I swung the door open to see a bizarre sight. A tall old man stood in the doorway. He was looking very odd in a bright yellow suit. He had bright blue eyes and he seemed to radiate kindness."Hello my dear." He smiled politely. He looked me up and down and frown at the sight of me. I just realized how I must look, clutching the door for dear life, arm around my stomach caressing a broken rib, covered in blood and scars, and my face was probably covered in bruises."Ohhi." I said after a pause looking down. "Wou..would you like to come in?" At this he smiled again."Why yes I think that would be good." He answered walking past me. As he walked past me he accidentally bumped me and I jumped back against the door letting out a moan of pain."Oh dear." He said looking at the scared look in my eye. "I'm Albus Dumbledore by the way I don't know where my manners have gone.""Oh...ohI...I'm Casper" I managed to get out before turning around and closing the door."Who was it!" Ben yelled from the other room as Albus walked purposefully towards him."Hello Ben, I presume, I'm Albus Dumbledore, I've come to speak to you about your daughter." He said stretching out his hand. I limped past them and continued cleaning up the blood on the floor as if I hadn't heard. Ben just stared at the hand and took another swig of his beer."Yeah." He nodded and both men looked back at me cleaning up my own blood. I thought I saw a flicker of of something on Albus's face but it was gone as soon as it was there. "What's the girl to yeah?""I would like her in my school." Albus stated simply sitting in an armchair."S'cuse me but I never invited you to sit." Ben replied dangerously standing up and I stopped cleaning."Yes but I took it upon myself to sit anyway." Albus answered smiling. My heart stopped. No one talked to Ben like that without being punished. Ben looked back at me."Get back to work you useless girl!" He snarled throwing his empty bottle at me. I screamed and watched as bottle made contact with nothing. I looked at both men. Albus looked surprised and Ben was furious."You filthy bitch!" He yelled and threw his knife and again it clattered to the floor without hitting me. He started coming towards me but Albus stepped in front of him."You will not touch this girl again." Albus warned when there was a bang at the door. I stood up and saw a very stern woman in robes and a tight bun run in the room holding a stick in her hand."Albus!" She yelled and in the confusion Ben ran over to me grabbing his knife off the floor, yanked me up and stabbed me in the stomach.So I hope you liked it it's only chapter 1 so... yeah. Make sure to leave a comment I'll definitely read them and try to answer. This is my first fanfic too so it kinda sucks but yeah. If you liked it that's great I'll get the next chapter up really soon and If you didn't, sorry. 
