DISCLAIMER: I'M NOT JK ROWLING AND EVERYTHING YOU KNOW ISN'T MINE"Well, here goes nothing" She stated to herself as she left her father and walked through the platform for her last year of school. She prided herself on how much she accomplished in her time of finding out who and what she was. She was excited for this school year, seeing the girls again. She lifted her head high as she walked through and saw a group of boys in front of her. They all turned and looked at her as she walked by them. She didn't say anything, and they didn't talk to her, as she climbed up the little steps to board the train. She sighed and dragged her trunk behind her with her owl cage in the other hand. She found the two girls she was looking for sitting in a compartment and smiled. "Hey girls!."They squealed at seeing their friend and she gave each of them a hug."How was your summer? Y'know considering" Ginny Weasley asked as they all sat back down, after helping their friend with her trunk and the cage of course.She sighed and sit next to her friend, "It was awful. The bloody git waiting till we got our badges to let me know he's been fucking that slag for three months. I swear, Ginny...you and Lizzy would have been proud at what I said to him."The dark haired girl across from them laughed, "I wish we could've heard it!."Hermione chuckled, "You would have loved it! I have to go to the meeting, see you girls at the feast."They nodded and she got up to head to the meeting with the guy that broke her heart. The thing was, she wasn't that upset about it. Sure she was at first, but as she thought on it, the more she actually wasn't. She didn't even think she actually loved him anymore by the time he told her. I mean, if they did...he wouldn't have cheated and she would have slept with him. That she was sure of. She reached the compartment and let out a deep breath, opening the door."Hermione.""Stewart."She walked in and sit next to him as the prefects also slowly entered in for the meeting. She let him lead most of it as she really didn't feel like arguing in front of everyone. After the meeting, she made to move since she didn't have to patrol the train, she wanted to visit some more with her friends."Wait."She halted and turned to look at the boy behind her, folding her arms over her chest and raising an eyebrow."Can we at least try to be civil? I know what I did was a dick move, but we're the heads. We're expected to show unity and all that shit."She sighed, knowing he was right, "Yes, Stewart. Don't expect a friend or anything, but you're right. We need to show everyone we can at least talk. Sorry I let you do it all earlier."He sighed, "It's alright. I know you're still mad at me. I'm just glad you didn't actually hex me. I feel really bad about what I did with Aliesha and I couldn't take lying to you anymore."She just nodded and walked back to the girls.She opened the door of the compartment right as the deck of cards blew up in Lizzy's face, causing all three of them to laugh. She sat down and then discussed the meeting and Ginny told them that Ron had gotten married without anyone knowing. He and his wife had eloped while visiting Charlie, Ginny's other brother, and her mom was furious. Ron was five years older than they were and was friends with Harry Potter. They all remembered who they were of course, having defeated Voldemort with the help of Luna Lovegood and Neville Longbottom."Anything off the trolley dears?"The girls all got up and grabbed some snacks, spreading them all over the floor. They all sat in the circle and started another card game, Hermione telling them about Stewart and what they had decided."It's nice of you, I don't think I could do that." Lizzy stated."Me either, Hermione. You are a much bigger person than I am, for sure." Ginny added."He has a point though. We have to be responsible and help the professors. We can't do that if I hex him all the time, can we?"The girls nodded and then laughed as the cards exploded all over the Head Girl.They continued laughing and cutting up all the way to the village outside of the school and Hermione for one was glad to be back at the castle. She went to meet up with Stewart to take the first years, making sure they reached Hagrid alright, while Lizzy and Ginny went to the carriages. After making sure the new students made it to Hagrid, Hermione made her way to the school, taking her time. She loved the walk and so didn't catch a carriage like Stewart. She reached the castle and the table as the sorting was starting.The Sorting was her favorite part of the feast to welcome everyone back. That hat almost considered her for Ravenclaw and she was glad it didn't put her there. Ginny and Lizzy instantly connected with her and she was grateful for the witches who became sisters within the first month. Everyone watched and clapped as each house had gotten about 10 new students and then the Headmistress rose to the podium."Good evening students! Welcome to another year here at Hogwarts. To all students, and especially the new students, please refrain from the Forest as it's forbidden, given it's name. For those who don't know, Hermione Granger and Stewart Bones are the Heads for the year and should be treated as you would a professor. Lastly, our dear Mr. Slughorn passed over the holiday and Professor Malfoy has accepted the position as your new Potions Professor, let's all welcome him."Everyone clapped as the Headmistress gestures for everyone to eat and the food appeared. Hermione and her friends filled their plates, too hungry to talk about anything really. Hermione, for one, loved Hogwarts food."He is dreamy, did he really help your brother, Gin?"Hermione overheard Lizzy and turned to the conversation. "Who're we talking about?"They all huddled together and Ginny whispered. "Malfoy, he turned on his family during the war and spied with Professor Snape. Harry told me that he saved Luna and Lavender from his father, helping the Order gather the Death Eaters."Hermione crinkled her eyebrows, "How come I don't remember him?"Ginny smiled, "He was Head Boy during our second year and I believe, you had a thing for Professor Lupin, not matter how much you deny that fact. You hardly noticed anything that year. His family was known for their thoughts on Muggle borns, but he changed. Harry and Ron never really talk about, why."Hermione nodded and leaned back to take a drink, glancing at the teachers at the head of the room. She saw the newest professor talking with Nev...Professor Longbottom and tilted her head, wondering what would have made a boy who was taught to think one, yet cruel way, about someone turn on everything he thought he knew to help out Harry Potter.The hall quieted as Professor McGonagall stepped back up to the podium. "I suggest you all have had a good feast, but you must retire for class begins tomorrow. Prefects please make sure the first years get to their common rooms and bed; heads, please head this way."Hermione got up and waved to her friends as she made her way to the front of the room. She looked up, enjoying the stars on the ceiling as always, bumping into someone."I'm so...Professor, I'm so sorry. I wasn't looking where I was going." She stutters, looking into the grey eyes of the newest teacher."It's quite alright. I also enjoy the ceiling in this room. Good night, Miss""Granger, sir.""Granger."She turned and watched him walk down the thin row to the door, jumping when someone cleared their throat. She turned back to see McGonagall and Stewart looking at her. She blushed and looked down a bit."You have your own quarters to use for studying as the living quarters hasn't been rebuilt after the battle. The portrait of Cecilia the Brave holds your study common room and the password is unity. I hope you both have a good year and see you tomorrow."The Head's smiled and turned, heading back to their own common rooms. Stewart walked with Hermione till they reached the hallway to split directions, he to the Ravenclaw dorm and her to the Gryffindor."G'night, Hermione."She just nodded and continued on her way."Hippogriff." She stated as she reached the portrait of the Fat Lady.The picture opened for her and she walked through a smile and a good night. She found Lizzy and Ginny up and waiting for her when she entered their room. There were two other girls in the room: Katie and Samantha, but they really didn't get along."So, are you moving?" Ginny asked when they noticed their friend.She shook her head, "Nope, They never rebuilt it after the war. We do have private study quarters, though.""Good, we couldn't stand it if you moved." Lizzy smiled."I don't think I could stand it either."The girls smiled and then Hermione changed into her pajamas as the other two climbed into their beds.Hey all! I hope you like this new take. It may sound a bit with what I had before, with the ages of everyone, but I lost all plot for that one and took it down! I do have high hopes for this one though and so hope you like it. Please leave a comment on what you think for me. It let's me know how my story is doing. Till next chapter!-Brianna
