AN: Don't own anything, blahblahblah.Recently I've watched a couple of movies with Arben Bajraktaraj, who plays Antonin Dolohov in HP. In Taken, Sex Traffic and Verso he plays minor roles, but in my opinion he makes a perfect villain. Soooo my twisted mind came up with this. As for my other story, it will be updated next week, I won't abandon it. Here's a little dictionary. I don't know Russian so forgive me if the translation is a complete rubbish.'De'vachka' - 'little girl''Malyshka' - also 'little girl''Krasavitsa' - 'beauty, pretty woman''Chyort voz'mi!' - 'Damn it!'I hope you'll enjoy this!The room was dark, lighted only by green flames in the fireplace. The Death Eaters were waiting patiently for their master, some of them excited at the prospect of seeing him, some clearly frightened. They still remembered the Muggle Studies professor - Charity Burbage, and how the snake had devoured her body in front of their eyes, just few days ago. Now the Dark Lord called up another meeting. They were going to discuss a backup plan, in case they wouldn't be able to capture Harry Potter on the 27th July, the day when the boy was going to be taken from his relatives by the Order.After few minutes, the door had opened and a tall, thin figure stepped into the room. The man approached his followers and took a sit at the head of the table, his usual spot. He eyed closely every wizard and witch who was present, stripping them from their barriers, getting inside their heads so he could know all of their wants and fears. Many of them shuddered under his penetrating gaze.Finally he spoke."My friends. As you are perfectly aware, Harry Potter's days are already numbered. I trust that no one will disappoint me, and the boy will be dead by the end of the summer. You know what awaits those who let me down."He made a pause there and watched as his Death Eaters lowered their heads in fear."However," the Dark Lord continued, "One must be prepared for any possibility. If Harry Potter escapes by some miracle, we must have another plan at the ready." He then fell silent for a moment. Nagini slipped into the room, hissing softly."I've been gathering information about Harry Potter since the day I had returned to you; two years ago. Severus told me, that the boy is a true Gryffindor. Brave, loyal, foolhardy, and rather...idiotic. He loves to be in the spotlight and he loves to play a hero. He cares for his friends more than for his own life. He has no real skills, no real power. In fact, he owes his life to his companions, as I heard, he wouldn't survive a day if it wasn't for them. He has two closest friends - a blood-traitor Weasley and a mudblood Granger." said Lord Voldemort."I assure you, my Lord, that Weasley boy is even more thick-headed than Potter," whispered Lucius Malfoy, his disdain for the Weasley family stronger than the fear of his Master. The whole table shook with laughter. Voldemort smirked."So I've been told. It leaves us Miss Granger. She's very clever, a rare thing among such filth. She has been helping Potter since their first year at Hogwarts, he would be dead long ago without her. If our plan crumbles and Potter escapes, he must be stripped from her help. She must disappear."The giant snake slithered around the back of his chair, darting out its' tongue threateningly. One could feel a wave of excitement rushing through the group of dark wizards. Bellatrix giggled maniacally.Lord Voldemort was pleased."I don't want her to be dead, though," he said. "She can be of some use in the future. Harry Potter would do anything to get her back safe and sound. Imagine his face, when he learns that we've broken her, tainted her. Maybe even turned her against him. We'll struck where he'll be hurt the most.""Now," he continued after a moment of silence, "We must think of a place where we'll hide the girl. Any ideas?""Maybe here?" Yaxley spoke, "It's well guarded manor, a mouse won't escape its' walls.""Yes, that's good place, but I was thinking about somewhere else..." Voldemort said, stroking gently Nagini's head. "As you are well aware, I've been traveling around the world during my life and saw many beautiful and dangerous places. African deserts, Hungarian ancient catacombs... But there's one, particular country that I'm very fond of. Albanian forests are vast...very vast, and very magnificent. And very dangerous too. Hardly inhabited. The villages in that part of country are small, the language is hard to learn. There's no way that a young girl, without a wand could escape from such a place.""She can't go alone," said Snape. "She won't manage without magic and we need her alive.""Of course, Severus is right. Someone will be with her constantly, guarding her. One person will suffice. Any volunteers?" asked the Dark Lord.There was no reply. It was one thing torturing the mudblood or killing her, even keeping her as a toy for some time, but to babysit her for Merlin knows how long in some wilderness? No one really wanted to do that. Lord Voldemort was less than happy."Fine," he whispered. "We'll just have to find a volunteer, then."And with those words he flicked his wand and conjured a stone bowl. Another flick of his wand and the bowl filled itself with small pieces of parchment."This bowl contains the names of every Death Eater present in this room. Now let's see..."He put his long, pale fingers in the vessel and pulled out one parchment. Everyone held their breath.Voldemort looked at them with blank expression before announcing:"Dolohov."The atmosphere changed immediately. Death Eaters were relieved and happy that it wasn't them. Some of them sniggered, some of them looked at Dolohov with sympathy. Yaxley patted him on the back reassuringly.Dolohov just bowed his head slightly, a small smirk on his pale face."You know, we're not far from the Leaky Cauldron here, it's only in Charing Cross-" Ron began, but Hermione cut him short."Ron, we can't!""Not to stay there, but to find out what's going on!" he insisted."We know what's going on! Voldemort's taken over the Ministry, what else do we need to know?""Okay, okay, it was just an idea! Blimey..."Hermione rubbed her forehead. She tried her best not to panic. They had to think clearly. One mistake and the Death Eaters will catch them. The girl would rather not think about what could happen next if they did.She glanced at the pair of workmen who had just entered the caf. One of them was large, with blonde hair and the other wasn't too tall. He had black, slightly curly hair and stubble. For a second, Hermione thought she saw him somewhere before, but she shrugged off the idea quickly. There were more important things to do and ponder on about."I say we find a quiet place to Disapparate and head for the countryside. Once we're there, we could send a message to the Order," she whispered."Can you do that talking Patronus thing, then?" asked Ron."I've been practicing and I think so," replied Hermione, hoping that the spell will work. She had small troubles with conjuring such a complicated messenger."Well, as long as it doesn't get them into trouble, though they might've been arrested already. God, that's revolting," Ron added after one sip of the foamy, grayish coffee. Hermione shook her head at his rudeness. She liked Ron very much, maybe too much, but he could be a boor sometimes.They decided to pay for the coffee and leave. Hermione reached to her bag, searching for money and then all hell broke loose.In a second she was thrown on the bench by Ron and the place was filled with jinxes and bangs. At first she had no idea what was going on, until she saw the blonde workman unconscious on the floor. The other one had a wand drawn out and was firing curse after curse at Ron and Harry, who was now clearly visible as his Cloak slipped off him.The Death Eaters.Without another thought the girl pointed her wand at the remaining Death Eater and cried: "Petrificus Totalus!"He dodged the spell, scowled at her, pointed the wand at Ron and made a slashing motion with it. A purple light emerged and Hermione's eyes widened in horror. She remembered that light, that jinx.Swiftly she casted a Shielding Charm between Ron and the Death Eater who had injured her so gravely in her fifth year. Dolohov was his name, if she remembered correctly. The fatal spell rebounded from the Shield and smashed the window. Hermione's bag fell to the ground with a loud thud. She had no time to retrieve it as the Death Eater casted a Stunning Spell at her. She shielded herself from it with difficulty, as Dolohov was throwing spell after spell at her.After a minute the only ones able to fight were Harry, Hermione and Dolohov. Ron was tied up by Dolohov's curse and the waitress was stunned on the floor. Hermione saw that the Death Eater was growing tired and she felt relief. They were outnumbering him and Harry was very skilled when it came to duelling, the older man had no chance.Just when she had relaxed a little and casted another jinx at Dolohov which he rebounded quickly, something unexpected had happened.There was a swirl of black smoke and the dark wizard disappeared."What?" Harry cried, completely disoriented. Hermione was shocked too. And frightened. Soon, she'd found out that she had every right to be afraid.A pair of strong hands gripped her from behind. In a second she had a wand pressed to her throat. She felt the man's hot breath on her ear as he rasped:"Hold still de'vachka, or I'll be forced to hurt you.""Let her go!" cried Harry, panic and anger in his voice. The Death Eater only chuckled."Now, boy. Consider yourself lucky to leave this place alive this time. I'll be taking this little thing with me, you and the ginger may go" he tightened his grip on Hermione who whimpered in fear. Then he whispered some Latin words and the black smoke covered the other Death Eater. He was gone in a second, probably taken to some safe place. The dark haired wizard quickly summoned Hermione's wand and slid it into his pocket. She was completely defenceless."Don't do anything stupid kid," Dolohov said, seeing that Harry was about to cast a jinx at him. "You don't want her to be injured, don't you?"Harry lowered his wand in defeat. Ron struggled on the floor, the ropes in his mouth preventing him from speaking, but one could see that he was furious and terrified at the same time."Please, don't hurt them," Hermione whispered quietly."Don't fret, krasavitsa, it's you that I want," he whispered back in her ear and she shivered in fear at his suggestive remark. He did it on purpose of course, because, when he felt her tremble, he chuckled even more."Get away from her!" Harry demanded. "It's me that Voldemort wants, take me and leave her alone!"Hermione felt Dolohov shaking his head."You're really dumb Potter, aren't you? The Dark Lord wants you of course, but I'm here for her. She's far more prettier than you."Ron struggled harder on the floor, face red with fury. The girl sobbed, the panic overwhelming her as she slowly realised that she was lost. There was nothing she or her friends could do."Soon, there'll be plenty of Death Eaters here, I suggest you hurry up, boys, if you want to survive this night," Dolohov smirked, before taking a twirl and disappearing with the witch in his arms.The last thing Hermione heard was Harry and Ron's cry of terror as everything went black.With a loud thud, she fell on the wet grass. It was completely dark. Somewhere behind her she heard an angry voice mumbling something incoherent."Chyort voz'mi! I've landed too far again. Couldn't focus properly when you were struggling like crazy," with those words the owner of the voice grabbed Hermione by the neck and got her up.She blinked few times to adjust to her surroundings. They where on some provincial road, traversing a forest. The girl could distinguish shapes of wooden cottages standing by the road. There was a light in some of the windows. A barking dog hobbled past them. A man rode a bike and judging from the way the vehicle was doing slalom, he was completely tanked up."Help!" Hermione cried desperately. "Help me please! I'm kidnapped, help!"The drunk man just looked at her and yelled something in a foreign language. Dolohov responded and the man laughed. He went on his way. An old woman looked out from the window, but did nothing when Dolohov grasped Hermione's arm and dragged her further down the road. She looked behind, tears in her eyes, shocked that no one reacted to her cries of help. Even if they didn't understand English, they could clearly see that she wasn't with the Death Eater on her own will, couldn't they?"That man," Dolohov spoke with a slight smirk, "told me that my woman needs to learn her place. I told him that we've argued and you were trying to escape. I brought you back and I'll teach you a lesson when we're home. As you could see, he just laughed. All those people," he motioned with his hand towards the cottages "are on my side. They don't understand you, never seen an English. In their eyes, you're my woman and you should be obedient. Don't expect any help. Now walk."Hermione started to cry and fight. He just held her more tightly."Now, now," he soothed sarcastically. "Don't cry malyshka. I'm sure that we'll get along pretty well."Then he half dragged her towards the dark forest. The hobbling dog barked some more.
