Disclaimer: The World of Harry Potter and it's characters are property of J.K. Rowling. I am just going to mess around with it after all since this is fan fiction. Reviews are always welcome. Criticism as long as it has merit are as well.Title: The OrderSummary: Harry takes upon the aide of friends who are not Hermione or Ron as he returns for his fifth year of Hogwarts. Meanwhile Voldemort continues to lay low waiting in the darkness for the opportune moment to strike. AU OOTPRating: TThe Break OutAnother warm hot summer day was coming to a close over the serene atmosphere neighborhood of Privet Drive. Most of the houses perfectly lined up had their once green lawn now turning a shade of yellow and cars which usually were nice and waxed now were dusty and old.All residents where inside their houses except for one man. A short man with thinning brown hair and dressed conspicuously. He was standing near the house of Arabella Figg the local cat-obsessed person in the neighborhood. He seems to be muttering something to himself when all of a sudden he is knocked off his feet and lay on the sidewalk unconscious.A voice suddenly broke out"Not bad Susan however, just because the Ministry can not detect our wands doesn't mean you had to go overboard on the guy." a male voice called outJust then three individuals appeared in the now quiet neighborhood; one boy and two girls.Susan stood up as the other girl went to check on the man. With shoulder length red hair and hazel eyes spoke as she pocketed the stick that was in her hand."Aunt Amelia was all for any means necessary remember. Besides we have Daphne here to make sure any 'accidents' we deal with would be taken care of."The boy with short sandy blond hair, Neville shook his head as the other girl with long wavy dark blonde hair and blue eyes, Daphne stood up."He reeks of firewhiskey" said Daphne as she scrunched her face "we should move quickly, I doubt he would wake anytime soon we can't risk it. So which house is it?"The three of them began to look around. Knowing the man they just stunned was a wizard the purpose for them being there was very close. Neville noticed one of the house in the neighborhood seemed a little off. The second story window seemed to be somewhat out of place as if it got replaced recently. Realization hit him as he remembered overhearing Ron talking to Harry about his muggle relatives and how they caged his window."I think we found it" Neville whispered nodding towards the house.They approached the house slowly. The house just like the others in the neighborhood had their windows open wide at night hoping for that nonexistent breeze. They could clearly see it was lighted inside and voices could be heard. Vernon Dursley sat in front of the tele as his wife Petunia was making some tea."The current heat wave continues to drag on during the summer with no end in sight." the tele news reporter said. "in other news""Must be the boy Petunia, Where is he anyway?" grumbled Vernon.Petunia not looking all that concerned "Not sure I care where the boy is currently Vernon."Ever since returning from Hogwarts. Harry had gotten up did the list of chores of the day and is neither seen or heard from the residents of number four, Privet Drive."Acting strange like the rest of his kind" he said scornfully "That boy is up to no good. Bad news I tell you nothing but" -"Vernon" Petunia said as she waves her hands "The window's are open!"The three listening outside heard Vernon deliver a soft apology about his short burst of anger. The three looked at each other knowingly. The house is definitely where Harry Potter currently resides.While the revelation of Harry's muggle relatives were not entirely shocking to Neville. They were to Susan and Daphne. Unlike Neville who is Harry's housemate back in Hogwarts who has heard hints from Ron and Harry speaking in their dorm. Susan and Daphne are in another house; Susan with Hufflepuff and Daphne with Slytherin. Their exposure to him were limited at best as Daphne never really stood out amongst her Slytherin housemates and Hufflepuff never truly attending classes with the Gryffindors. Their interactions were limited to simple gestures of acknowledgement.Overhearing the conversation all the way from the second floor spare bedroom was a bespectacled boy who looked to have outgrown his hand me down clothes while also seemingly appear to be underweight. Throughout his life he never had anything to call his own until he got his letter from Hogwarts. Harry Potter lay on his back staring up at the ceiling wondering about all the negative things in his life and how they continue to pile on.Within a span of one year his life was turned upside down. It all began when he finally met someone he felt would be the closest thing to family; his godfather Sirius Black. Sure there was his friends since first year; Hermione and Ron along with his housemates and Hagrid. The connection knowing that Sirius knew his parents intimately made it very different. The thought of living together was dashed when the rat Peter Pettigrew escaped.It continued on with the Quidditch World Cup fiasco and visions he could not properly explain. Then there was the Tri-Wizard Tournament in which he was forced to compete despite being named the 'fourth' champion and being underage. While not all that important his choice of a date for the yule ball did not go as planned. Then there was the third task of the tournament. What should have been his break after a long year of disasters. Ended in tragedy and horror as he experience death first hand as he saw a friend die before his very eyes and the resurrection of Voldemort.Now here he is feeling isolated from literally everything. His pet owl Hedwig has yet to return since letting her hunt over a week ago. Couldn't blame her after all, if given the chance he would not return here if he had a choice in the manner. What made him truly felt alone was his correspondence with his friends. There was no letters from Ron or Hermione. He initially thought about Dobby when he intercepted his letters back before his second year. However, he had sent multiple letters asking of news and other things. He would have thought his last couple of letters stating he has not heard from them would at least make them come by to check.It was then he heard something hit his window. At first he thought he was hearing things, after all he was in deep thought just now. He got up alert from his bed as he saw and heard something his window once again. He quietly walked over to his window and peered out looking down at the lawn in front of his relative's house.His eyes widened as he recognized the three individuals as his schoolmates. He immediately knew Neville and while it took a little longer for him was able to discern both Susan and Daphne in which confused him. Knowing his aunt and uncle were still in the lower floor and the windows were wide open he signaled for them to stay quiet.The three nodded their heads acknowledging Harry's silent signal as they watch him open his window and climb down slowly from it. Harry silently walked up to them and gave Neville a friendly handshake while nodding his head towards the girls."You guys have no idea how nice it is to see you guys." Harry said "But, why are you all here?"Neville noticed right away Harry's confused looks towards Susan and Daphne."Rather long story Harry, however we would be more than happy to tell you if you'd like." Neville said as the girls nodded reassuring Neville's words "We need to get out of here quickly."Harry's mind was in overdrive now. While he can somewhat trust Neville. Four years as his housemate never gave him any sign to worry anything that he says. He felt nervous around the two girls. Just what where they doing here with Neville? Susan is a Hufflepuff and Daphne is a Slytherin yet they look like best friends without their school robes.Seeing the reluctant look Harry has plastered on his face Susan stepped up and whispered something to Harry in which Neville and Daphne were unable to hear. As she stepped back Neville and Daphne noticed Harry seemed more relax and calm."Okay, but what about my stuff."Daphne smiled and spoke up "No worries Harry I know just the thing to take care of that Drarry!"A moment later a house elf appeared looking upon the people in the vicinity before approaching Daphne. Appearing somewhat regal which shocked Harry."Mistress Daphne called Drarry" said Drarry "Drarry awaits Mistress Daphne's order""Drarry, you will transport all of Harry Potter's trunk along with his Owl's cage to Susan's house."The house elf bowed while saying "It shall be done Mistress Daphne"At once the house elf disappeared. Daphne looked at Harry who looked indifferent about what just happened and smirked."Drarry is my godmother's elf however, he will listen to my commands."Harry looked at her and noticed for the first time how beautiful she looked. He had to admit that was the first time he thought of a girl ever since that 'task' of asking a girl to the Yule Ball last year."So how are we getting to your place" Harry said looking at Susan.Neville then took out a book. At first Harry did not recognize it however he soon remembered the portkey. The others notice the dark look in Harry's eyes when they saw what he was looking at but it was quickly replaced. Susan felt bad for Harry that something like that could trigger that bad memory in him. She reached out and noticed Harry flinched a little from her touch.Daphne looked over her shoulder before tapping Neville. Neville noticing the light in front of the door of Mrs. Figgs house turn on quickly turned towards Harry and Susan."It's time everyone touch the book." Neville said.The group that stood in front of Harry's house disappeared just as Mrs. Figg opened her door and went looking for Mundungus Fletcher. As she saw his lying form laying on her front lawn. As quickly as she could ran back into the house and used the fireplace. A moment later she threw powder on her fireplace and called out "The Burrow" before sticking her head into the flames.This is the start of what I hope is a good tale. I plan to make this into three parts with the first following closely with Order of the Phoenix then branch out on it's own in the second and third. Poll on Profile regarding parts of the story that I am wrestling with.
