A/N: I have no idea how this FanFic will even turn out. I've had this idea in my head for a while about doing a Rose centric FanFic. Yet, it won't be entirely Rose centric since it deals with relatively almost all of the Potter-Weasleys, but Rose is a driving force. It's also tied in with the other three one shots I have posted, Fancy, Friction and Third of July.I also have never done a Fic that deals with this particular issue of amnesia. I know it's a terribly cliche ideal that almost every television show, movie, story, etc uses at some point, but I want to put my own spin on it. A couple of years ago I wrote a Fic that dealt with a character struggling with HIV and eventually dying from it and I do believe I did an alright job on the subject. I'll try my best with researching the subject and interweaving it into the Wizarding World.Anyway, that's all I have to say before the Fic, so I hope you enjoy this!Note: Please check my account page for a link to all of the characters' statuses.Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Harry Potter characters, all belong to J.K Rowling except for Liam Jacobson who is all mine."Winnie, shut the fuck up."The chirping continued as did continuous rapping against the window to Rose Weasley's bedroom. Rose adored her owl, she thought she was the prettiest one in Eeylops Owl Emporium the day she was with her father and mother buying Hogwarts materials, but the owl simply didn't know when to quit."Blimey hell, Winnie. I'm about ready to skin 'ya, I swear to Merlin." Rose swore as she buried her head underneath her bed sheets. She just wanted another hour of sleep during this peaceful summer that was quickly fading. The next term was about to start in another three weeks and Rose would like as much time as possible to sleep before the NEWTs become a reality.Just then another set of rapping continued on the window, along with squawking that threaten to make Rose's ear drums bleed out. Deciding that enough had been enough, Rose threw the comforter off of her body and growled viciously at the beautiful, snowy owl."Winnie! I swear to Merlin, if you don't stop your bloody squealing I will yank your feathers out!" The threat didn't seem to work on the owl who was use to Rose's anger and threats on a daily basis. Grumbling to herself, Rose flipped the latch on her window and pushed it open with both hands. Winnie swooped in and dropped a letter on Rose's bed as she landed gracefully on her ledge."I suppose you want a treat, now?" Rose asked with a raised brow. Winnie chirped happily and Rose couldn't help but smile at how playful her owl could be. She reached into the treat canister she has next to Winnie's ledge and gently placed it between the bird's beak. "Now, don't make a single sound, alright?" Winnie chirped in response, gaining a groan out of the tired Gryffindor.Rose walked sluggishly to her bed and plopped down. She grabbed the letter that Winnie had dropped and smirked when she recognized the handwriting addressed to her. She had been wondering when her lazy bum of a best friend would write back to her. She immediately ripped open the letter, unfolded it and began reading it with eager eyes.Rose, Sorry for the late response. I was vacationing with my dad's side of the family. It was a bloody awful experience if you tell me. If I had to hear Grandmother Narcissa tell me about her extensive clothing collection, I might have taken a page out of your book and tackled her to the floor. Speaking of which, we ran into the Parkinsons while vacationing. Mind you, we were in France and while it was very beautiful there, seeing Daisy and her mum made it very unpleasant. If teeth could kill.. anyway! Besides the pointless vacationing with my rigid grandparents, everything else was amazing there. Honestly, Rose, it gives England a run for it's money. Maybe, me, you and Albus can go together as a post graduation gift? Speaking about Albus. The tosser told me you've been talking a lot about some new Muggle boyfriend you got? I'm surprised to say I'm a bit shocked, Rose. You with a Muggle? Not that I'm saying you hate them, but you wouldn't shut up over Matthew Nott last year I thought for sure you'd go for that bloke instead. Either way, I'd like to know a bit more about this Liam? I believe Albus said his name was Liam. So tell me about Liam, I wanna make sure he's man enough for you. Also, before I end this letter. My mother brought up the fact that I've never brought you or Albus over to the Manor before for dinner. She's insisting that I bring the both of you for dinner before the next term begins. Maybe you could fake Dragon Pox or something, 'cause trust me when I say now is the worst time to meet my family. My grandparents are staying for the rest of the summer and it's maddening. They'd probably judge you for being a Weasley and some fight will break out. Better save this for another time or never. I'd also appreciate it if you replied quickly and not leave me hanging to dry like you do with Albus. Poor bloke has been having to listen to James' plans for the future all bloody summer and with that issue happening with Lily.. . Anyway, be sure to write back quick, yeah? I hope your summer has been loads better than mine. Tell me about it. Scorpius MalfoyRose smiled brightly at Scorpius' letter. She'd miss her best mate during the summer and she was glad to know he missed her just as much. She quickly rushed to her desk and begun writing on a new piece of parchment.Scorp,I'm sorry to hear you had to vacation with the ugly twats. I'd rather fake my death than even think about speaking to those sadistic tossers. Dammit, sorry, I need to stop insulting your family like that. You never insult mine for being outrageously large and completely full of gingers so I need to stop talking about yours. No more talks of the Malfoys. Except for you of course, you're the only damn exception. I also feel even more pity for you having been in a gorgeous atmosphere, but to have it ruined with the living, screaming banshee. The one good thing of leaving Hogwarts next year is never seeing her pug face again. I hope to Merlin that she never applies for a job at the Ministry like I want to. If I even see her step a foot inside.. So, like I was going to say, Albus was right, I did get a boyfriend and yes he is a Muggle. I was a bit skeptical of him at first, I mean, I only met the chap at some ruddy bookstore since I was looking for some sort of bookish entertainment. I couldn't reach this one book on the top shelf and I thought about using magic to bring it down but Liam ended up helping me get it down using his height instead. We started talking and he ended up not being that bad of a bloke. He wanted my cell phone number, but how do I even explain how magical people don't use phones? So I gave him my address and told me to mail me letters instead, that my family was old fashioned. Which we kinda are by the way when you think about it. We use owls as a means of communications for Merlin's sake. His cell phone is pretty neat though. I played around with it once and it responds completely to touch! Muggles aren't idiots after all! Yeah, so, Liam became my boyfriend not too soon after that. He's.. nice. I like him a lot, Scorp. He treats me well and likes my orange hair, which is a first I've heard from any bloke. I'm not bloody well in love with him, but I like him loads. But you can bet your arse that I'm never telling him about magic. He'll run for the hills! As for Albus, just between you and me, the reason I haven't been replying to him much is because of the Lily situation. It's been uncomfortable and awkward for everyone in the family since Lily stopped talking and honestly.. no one can help her. Uncle Harry and Aunt Ginny continue to take her to Healers, but they can't seem to find the issue. Personally.. I think she chose to stop talking and I have no clue why. We all have no clue why. I can imagine that it's taken the toll on James and Albus, but.. I haven't visited their house since she stopped speaking. It's hard to be around her when she's like that. To be quite honest.. it scares me. So I've been spending time with Liam or Hugo mostly. I feel rotten for ignoring my cousin when she obviously needs someone in her life, but she isn't letting anyone inside. This is turning way too mushy for my taste. I better end it here. Also, if you are gonna command me to write quickly, you better write just as fast or I'll have Winnie squawk at you for hours on end, you tosser. Rose WeasleyAfter placing Scorpius' address on the letter, Rose carefully strapped the parchment to Winnie's leg before gently patting her head."Off you go, girl. Give Scorp some hell, yeah?" Rose murmured affectionately to Winnie. The snowy owl nuzzled her face inside of Rose's palm before flying out of the window, chirping happily.Rose decided to keep her window open in case Winnie came back earlier or later, depending on if Scorpius is willing to reply as quickly as Rose had. Glancing at the clock that was perched on her bedside table, it told her that it was nearly nine in the morning.Liam would be at work until six o'clock that night, so Rose couldn't spend her time with him. She could floo herself to the Potters', but like she had said in her letter to Scorpius, spending any time there wasn't the best idea with Lily's situation. Therefore, Rose would have to spend the remainder of her day with her bickering parents and sarcastic brother until Liam was off of work.After taking her morning shower and pulling on a shirt and a pair of shorts, Rose began to make her way downstairs, braiding her damp hair as she did so. As she already on the halfway point down the stairs, she could hear her parents in their morning argument,"Honestly, Ronald. You're being a terrible friend to Harry! You need to reply to his letters.""What the bloody hell am I suppose to say? 'Blimey, hell, Harry. Sorry to hear that Lily became a mute. That's bollocks.'"Rose heard a loud thump which could only mean her mother had used her book as an object of abuse on her father again. The young Gryffindor was quite surprised that her mother hadn't ruined any of her books by using them as instruments of violence on her father."You could at least be there for him! Ginny too! She's your sister for Merlin's sake, Ron! I've been sending owls to her and Harry as often as I can, asking if Lily has improved or if they need anything." Hermione Weasley said with a sigh. Rose had slowly made her way down the stairs as quiet as possible. She wanted to know more about Lily's condition."Has she gotten better?" Ron Weasley asked in a small voice. There was some shuffling and Rose could probably imagine her father getting closer to her mother."No, but it's not as if she's completely catatonic, she's just.. not responding to what people say to her. Ginny's worried about what they'll do with sending her to Hogwarts. I think they're considering pulling her out next term." Hermione murmured with concern lacing her words. "She'll fall behind if they don't send her, but.. no one can attend Hogwarts and not speak. With verbal spells and Professors asking questions. I just feel so sorry for them."Rose was contemplating whether or not to take another step down the stairs when she heard a soft chuckle behind her,"Eavesdropping are we? Mum's gonna have a field day with that one." Rose growled lowly at the sound of her brother's voice."Bugger off you wanker, they're talking about Lily." Rose whispered angrily as she looked at her brother, Hugo Weasley over her shoulder. His face, which had pulled up into a smirk, had now fallen at the mention of Lily's name. His lips turned into a small scowl."If you want to know so bloody badly, you could always visit them and see how Lil is doing herself." Hugo said quietly, but his voice was on edge. Hugo and Lily had grown up close to each other being as they were born relatively a month or two apart. Lily not speaking had taken it's own toll on Hugo."I'll have you know that I visited them earlier this summer and it was incredibly awkward. All of 'em were quiet and so sodding depressed. Even happy cheerful Teddy who visits everyday was looking down. I can't go back." Rose muttered as she inched down a step, she'd miss part of her parents' conversation.".. I'm gonna kick myself for saying this, but have they tried the Malfoys? Draco's an arsehole and all, but have they tried him and his wife to help her?" Ron asked and Rose immediately froze. She had forgotten that Scorpius' parents were Healers, he'd mentioned it years ago, but now it could seem that maybe they could help Lily."It's their last resort from what Ginny told me. Draco and Astoria don't specialize in teenage girls refusing to speak. They need to take her to some therapist, someone who can sort her problems out." Hermione responded glumly."You're such a fucking coward." Hugo muttered under his breath, but Rose heard it loud and clear. She whipped around and stared him down from under her long mane of orange hair."I'm the fucking coward? That's rich coming from the kid who refuses to even step one foot into St. Mungo's, because and I'll quote, 'Sick people scare me'." Rose sneered. Hugo recoiled away from her words, but immediately felt anger fill his veins."That's a low blow and you know it. You don't have to be such a bitch all the time, Rose!"Rose doesn't quite remember back handing Hugo until he fell down on the step by her feet. She gasped and quickly tried to grab his elbow all while muttering,"Fuck, I'm so sorry. Are you hurt? Fuck." While Rose could be violent and brash with others, she's never laid her hands on her younger brother. She was scrambling to help Hugo up, but he had pushed her hands away ferociously."Don't touch me." Hugo grumbled as he shoved Rose's hand off of his elbow. "I don't need your damn help." Rose eased away from Hugo and stood back up as he collected himself."Rose? Hugo? What was that?" Hermione called from downstairs and Rose immediately turned around to see her mother standing by the bottom step, her hands on her hips as she glanced at the two red faced teenagers."Rose was just being a twat as usual, right Rosie?" Hugo jeered as he stood up, his height now towering over her. Rose swallowed an insult down her throat as she glanced from her brother's angry eyes to her mother's frustrated expression."Must you two quarrel all the time?" Hermione asked in an exasperated tone, her hand flying to her forward to smooth out the visible worry lines etched on her face."It's her fault, she hit me!" Hugo shouted as he turned his attention to their mother. "She was eavesdropping too." He added in with a smirk. Rose could've came up with a thousand insults, but her pulsing hand reminded her of the backhanded slap she gave her brother."Hugo, go up to your room. I'll be speaking with your sister." Hermione finally concluded after a small bout of silence. Hugo complied silently, but Rose could tell he wanted to say just as much as Rose wanted to. As Hugo climbed the stairs to his bedroom, Hermione signaled with her hand for Rose to follow her down the steps.Rose obeyed and followed her mother into their vastly large kitchen. She took note that her father had left, probably ran once he heard the commotion upstairs. Hermione took a seat at the kitchen table and Rose followed suit, taking the seat next to her mother."Rose, you really need to keep your mouth in check." Hermione advised her silent daughter. Rose wasn't entirely sure what to say. She could argue that it wasn't her fault, but truly, it was her fault."Yeah, I know." Rose mumbled under her breath."No, I don't think you do know. Hitting, hexing, swearing, all of it needs to stop." Hermione ordered in a soft voice. She wanted to badly berate her daughter for her actions, but screaming and shouting non stop got them nowhere."And you need to stop hitting dad, but that doesn't seem to stop either." Rose muttered. Hermione frowned at Rose's defiant behavior."That's.. that's very different." Rose opened her mouth to argue, but Hermione continued on. "Your father is a very, very difficult man, Rose. Yet, I respect him and he respects me. Something you seem to lack.""I respect you and dad!" Rose exclaimed. Hermione merely shook her head."Unless you see respect as constant arguing, sarcastic replies, disobeying and insulting then you have no idea what it means to have respect." Hermione listed as she crossed her arms over her chest. Rose groaned."And," Hermione began to add, "Hitting your brother shows you have no respect for him either.""The hypocrisy is thick in the air." Rose said distastefully.Hermione stood up from the chair she was seated in and walked over to the cupboard over the sink. She began pulling out cleaning supplies that the family rarely uses and set them in front of Rose."You'll start cleaning the kitchen by hand. If you don't finish, you don't get to see Liam tonight." Hermione ordered as she began walking away from Rose and towards the door that led to the living room. Rose was stunned to silence. "That's your punishment for being disrespectful and for eavesdropping on me and your father's conversation.""I just wanted to know what was happening with Lily!" Rose argued as she stood from her chair and turned in her mother's direction. "I care about how she's doing!"Hermione stopped in her tracks and sighed deeply."If you seem to care so much, then why did Ginny tell me that you've only been over once this summer and won't reply to Albus' letters?" Hermione questioned, refusing to turn around and look at Rose. When Rose didn't answer her mother, she continued, "It seems to me you have a lot to think about, Rose."Without so much as giving her eldest daughter a glance, Hermione left the kitchen. Rose stood staring at the door in shock. Her mother and brother's words began mulling about in her head. Scorpius' words from the letter did as well.Despite wanting nothing more than to leave the house and find Liam, Rose begrudgingly began cleaning the kitchen. Her thoughts swimming with the voices of her mother, Hugo and Scorpius as she diligently carried out her punishment.Albus, Fuck, how did I even begin to apologize for how I've been acting this summer. I've been a complete and total twat by not responding to your letters. It only took my mum, brother and Scorp to convince me of how horrible I've been to you and your family - my family - our family. I also owe your parents, James and Lily an apology too, that'll be happening when I visit tomorrow. Speaking of, how is Lily doing? I've heard from my parents that she hasn't made any progress and that none of the Healers don't know what's wrong with her. Have you tried convincing Uncle Harry and Aunt Ginny that maybe Scorp's parents can help out? I know it'll be a touchy subject concerning all that's happen, but it should happen. They might help Lily. Besides the Lily situation, what else has happened in your summer? Have you gotten any of your things for the next term? I haven't even told you how I got Prefect and I'm still in shock about it. It was under a "special circumstance" according to Neville, but I'm still bloody bewildered over it. Me a Prefect? Seventh Years are never made Prefects. Anyway, I hope this means either you or Scorp got Head Boy, because the thought of being under someone else's thumb makes me shiver. Merlin, I'm still bloody sorry about how I've been. I've acted like a royal bitch this summer and I feel awful about it. Hopefully I can make it up to you and rest of the family tomorrow. Anyway, please reply or give me some sort of response that you got this letter so I don't spring a surprise visit on you lot tomorrow. Rose Weasley a.k.a your twat of a cousinAfter signing the letter and placing Albus' address on the envelope, Rose fastened the piece of parchment to Winnie's leg."Be sweet to him, yeah?" Rose whispered as Winnie lightly nudged her finger with a chirp before setting off through the window. When Rose had finished cleaning the kitchen, she had come back to find Winnie sleeping on her perch and a letter from Scorpius already on her bed. Which she would've began reading if not for the fact that Liam had gotten off of work half an hour ago and was on his way to pick her up.Rose quickly made herself look more presentable like she usually did when Liam was on his way to take her out. He usually took her to Muggle stores and other wide variety of places she's never seen. Her boyfriend was under the impression that she grew up rather sheltered from the outside world, which wasn't too far off.Once the Gryffindor was settled into a pair of jeans rolled at the ankles and a button down denim shirt, the sleeves rolled as well, with a pair of ivory oxfords, she applied a faint amount of makeup on her freckled face. Feeling as though she's decent enough to leave the house, Rose grabbed her bag, stuffing her wand inside before hustling out of her room and down the stairs.Just as when the front door was in Rose's sight, she heard a familiar voice,"Where are you off to, Rosie?" Rose held in a groan as she turned to the sound of the voice to find her father sitting on one of the living room couches, the Daily Prophet in his grip."Off to see Liam. I think he's gonna take me to some Muggle store tonight or something." Rose said with forced aloofness as she made her way to the front door. The last thing she wanted was to get into a conversation about her boyfriend with her father."Not one for anything fancy, huh?" Ron questioned as he set down the Daily Prophet and turned in his daughter's direction. Rose knew her father well, he wanted them to argue about Liam, mostly because Ron didn't like a single quality about Liam."Well, he just wants to show me Muggle life, dad. He thinks I'm some sheltered teenager with strict religious parents." Rose admitted with a slight shrug. Ron on the other hand, took the words a bit too personal,"Sheltered? We haven't kept you cooped up in the house your whole life." Ron argued defensively. Rose groaned at her father's hotheadedness. She loved the man to death, but his actions would escalate so quickly."I know that, but Liam doesn't. He was shocked when he found out I didn't own a cell phone or that we don't even have a home phone." Rose explained. Ron was on the verge of beginning another sentence when a car horn honked outside. Rose couldn't begin to describe her elation.As the young Gryffindor began practically bouncing her way to the front door, she turned around to see the disgruntled face of her father. She smiled softly at him before saying,"He just wants to show me places, but between me and you.. he isn't a long term boyfriend." Rose confessed with a small smile. She swore she saw the side of Ron's mouth twitch up into a smile, but it was tugged back to being pursed."Be home by no later than eleven, you understand me?" Ron demanded loudly and Rose nodded slowly as she pushed open the door. She shouted a quick, 'I love you' before closing the door behind her."Your old man sounds a bit harsh."Rose's lips broke out into a full grin as she saw Liam leaning against his dirty pick up truck, a smirk on his face. Despite feeling a bit childish, Rose quickened her pace towards her boyfriend before wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing him gingerly.The red head let out a small moan as Liam deepened the kiss, his arms snaking around her waist and squeezing her sides affectionately."You have no idea how much I've fucking missed you." Rose whispered as the kiss between them broke, she snuggled her face into the crook of his neck and sighed in relief."Did you miss me or the bed of the truck?" Liam teased and Rose immediately pulled away from Liam to playfully slap him on the chest, heat rising to her cheeks."Merlin, if I hear you joke about our sex life, Liam, you will be hugging the cold side of the truck bed." Rose threatened, but Liam merely chuckled."There's that word again. Merlin. You and your family have a strange way of speakin'." Liam mused with a playful expression. Rose quickly made a mental check to keep Merlin out of her vocabulary for the night."Yeah, it's a.. religious thing. Anyway, we should get going. Where were you taking me again?" Rose asked as she climbed into the passenger seat. Liam followed suit and got into the drivers side and started up the engine."To this small comic book store not too far out from where we are. You'll finally get to see who Batman and Spiderman are." Liam explained with a smile on his face. Rose couldn't help but mirror the smile back. Her boyfriend had talked endlessly about comic books and she was curious to see what was so interesting about these superheroes.After twenty minutes of Liam explaining radioactivity to Rose, he said they weren't that far off from the store. Liam drove down the deserted road, softly humming along to an acoustic song playing on the radio while Rose was taking in the scenery outside the window. Although, something or rather someone, caught Rose's eye.It seemed like the distinct shape of a person further down the road. Rose squinted as she leaned forward to get a better look. The closer Liam drove them to the person, it became evident that the person was standing above another person who was lying on the ground. Behind the two seemed to be the outline of a car. Confused, Rose turned to Liam to see if he'd noticed anything,"Do you see that down there?" Rose questioned as her eyes landed back on the two people down the road. Liam nodded as he began to drive a bit slower and turned his headlights to the brightest setting."Looks like someone is yelling at the poor bastard on the ground." Liam noted.Finally, Liam's headlights were far enough that they barely touched the two people on the side of the road. Rose watched Liam roll down his window as he poked his head out,"Oi! You two alright, there?" Liam asked as he put the truck to a complete stop. The person looming over the figure didn't say a word and rather ignored Liam as if he hadn't said a word. "Did 'ya hear me? I asked if you and your friend were alright!" Liam shouted. His words gathered the attention of the person as they turned to face the truck.While Liam found nothing wrong with the shaken person, Rose felt her heart beat speed up. The person was holding a wand tightly in their grip and Rose found herself digging into her bag to grip her own out of defense."I'm fairly certain this poor git has escaped the loony house, it's grasping a stick for fuck's sake." Liam murmured to Rose, not aware of her hand deep in her bag and stuck his head out of the window one more time."Is your mate alright? I haven't seen 'im moving about." Liam inquired as he gestured to the still body hidden from view by the shadows and tall weeds. Rose felt a cold sweat break over her skin at the thought of the person possibly being dead.The looming figure which had been completely still, the only part of them visible being their white shoes, suddenly took a step forward into the bright light. Rose swore she felt her heart completely stutter and start beating at a fast pace as she recognized the person gripping their wand tightly, their hair frizzy beyond belief and a sadistic smile as they recognized Rose.Rose had never felt less like a Gryffindor. She should have fled the truck and began questioning the person for having their wand out in front of a Muggle and why a person was completely still on the ground. She should have shown unwavering bravery. Yet, Rose did none of that. Instead, she shouted for Liam to speed down the street and away from the scene. Liam obliged, but with confusion."What the bloody hell is going on, Rose?! Why are we flying like a bat straight outta hell?!" Liam asked frantically as he pressed harder against the gas pedal.Rose had pulled her wand completely from her bag and was quickly looking over her shoulder to see if the person was following them. All she saw was darkness and the outline of trees."Look, I'm gonna need you to drive me to my Uncle's house right now, Liam." Rose ordered and with the tone she had used, it left no room for Liam to argue. She gave him the address to Harry's house and he started to slow the truck down to the speed limit.Rose's mind was racing at a hundred miles an hour, she was incredibly grateful that Liam wasn't asking any questions about the occurrence back down the road. She was baffled as the image of the recognizable face loomed in her mind. Their wicked smile as they realized who Rose was, it was enough to frighten the Gryffindor away and to her Uncle's home.Harry Potter was one of the most powerful wizards in their world, he would listen to Rose's words and perhaps lend a hand in this. It could be difficult considering he knew the person as well, but she was fairly certain that the person who was lying on the ground was dead and considering how there seemed to be no blood, Rose figured magic was involved. Her Auror of an Uncle had to help out somehow. This was his specialty.Although, the red head's thoughts were interrupted as the sound of an angry engine behind them. Rose's grip on her wand tightened as she looked over her shoulder and saw the car that had been abandoned on the side of the road was desperately trying to catch up with them."Are they comin' after us?!" Liam shouted, his voice wobbly with concern as he looked in his rear view mirror. The car was coming at a faster rate now, nearly caught up with them.Rose's eyes widened as she saw the person stick their arm out of the window, their wand pointed at the rear view window and shouted a spell that Rose couldn't hear over the engine."Watch out!" Rose screeched as she folded over in her seat, covering her head with her hands. The spell the person had shouted shattered the rear view window into pieces. Glass flung in every direction and Rose felt some slice her exposed skin on her arm."Liam, you alright?" Rose exclaimed, she raised her head and noticed that he hadn't ducked like she had. He took most of the impact from the glass, it was stuck in his shoulders and Rose swore she saw a piece embedded into the back of his head. She tried her hardest not to gag and vomit right there."Are.. are they.. shooting at us?" Liam asked, his voice slow and lethargic. Rose noticed how his grip on the steering wheel had loosened and the velocity of the vehicle had slowed. Her heart was speeding erratically as she began shaking Liam's arm."Liam? Liam! You can't pass out! I don't know how to drive a car!" Rose shouted as she shook his arm harder, but it was futile. Liam had already passed out admist her shouting and the car was idling in the middle of the street.Swallowing the large lump that had gathered in her throat, Rose looked over her shoulder and through the large gap that had once held a window. The headlights of the car that had been behind them shone in Rose's eyes and she witnessed the horrific impact of that car colliding against the bumper of Liam's.Rose's seat belt didn't lock and she flew against the dashboard, her skull coming into contact with the glass in the front view mirror. Her vision began to blur and she could feel the warm liquid sliding down her face. She tried to open her eyes, but the pain in her cranium was too much for her to deal with.The wounded Gryffindor was beginning to ease out of consciousness when she heard the sound of a car door slam and approaching footsteps. Rose tried with all of her strength remaining to open her eyes to see the person who had done this to her, to try to will her tongue and tell them how much trouble this would be for them when her family would find out, but it was to no avail."You thought you could speed off to his house and try to stop me? You're wrong, Rosie." The wicked voice taunted. "You're a pathetic bloody bitch and I hope you like the pain. Crucio."The unforgivable curse was enough to render the injured Weasley daughter into complete and utter silence.A/N: So there you go! I feel like the action-y chase scene was poorly written on my part, but I'm not one for great action moments. Also, "the person" or the "wicked voice" was not revealed for obvious reasons, to keep everyone on the edge of their seat, but I can ease your mind and say it wasn't Voldemort or anything preposterous as that.Also, I really want to complete this entire chapter Fic. I have an idea of how it'll flow along, but I'm going to need you guys who have read it to help me out by reviewing. I would really appreciate it if you guys would review, because with no reviews it'd be silly for me to add another chapter to this Fic. So please would you review your thoughts on this?I hope you enjoyed this and thank you!
