Hi! So this is my first FanFiction Story yet another Harry abused by Dursley's and rescued by Sirius and Remus.Hope you enjoy this first chapterDisclaimer: Harry Potter does not belong to me unfortunately :( Harry P.O.VNumber Four Privet Drive stood amongst the other perfectly plain and pristine houses on the street in Surrey. The half-moon reflected its light onto the spotless windows, the lampposts illuminated the neat gardens, everything was as normal as it should be.However, in one tiny bedroom lay a fifteen year old boy, his face pressed uncomfortably onto the pillow-less mattress, as his emerald eyes stared into the darkness of the night watching the silver, blurred moon. His glasses lying somewhere feet away from him, forgotten. His dark, unruly hair was covered with dirt, the affect of not so much as running a comb through it since he had arrived back in his nightmarish home.Harry didn't know what time it was, he was barely even aware of the date. Four weeks he had been in the one place where he least wanted to be out of anywhere in the world. Four whole weeks having to put up with the Dursley's. Aunt Petunia's constant demands to keep her house the tidiest of all the in street, Dudley's constant complaining and never ending insults, but worst of all to live with was his Uncle.From the moment that Harry stepped into the Dursley's car at Kings Cross Station, he knew that this summer would be different. And that was definitely not good newsHe had considered it for a few moments, turning back telling the Weasley's, thinking of an excuse anythingbut it was pointless. He could write to his Godfather, but what would he say?Dear SiriusHope you're okay? How has your mission been going?Oh, by the way, don't worry, but I need you to rescue me from my violet walrus Uncle.Say Hello to Professor Lupin for me.Harry Besides, even if he could think of the perfect way to voice exactly what had been going on under the roof of his own home, he wouldn't dare risk it.He may have only known Sirius for a year, but he knew him well enough to know that he was completely reckless, and would stop at nothing to rescue Harry and avenge him. He would turn his Uncle apart in seconds without even battering an eyelid and end up back in the very place he had spent twelve years locked up inor even worse he would be caught and given the Dementor's kiss.Harry would never forgive himself if he ever let his Godfather be hurt or locked up again, never mind having his soul sucked out until he was nothing but a shell of the man he once was.No, he would remain quiet, he would survive. There was only a few more weeks left of the summer holidays, and then once the teachers realized that he hadn't show up for the school year they would arrive and rescue him. He could survive. He would. He had no choice.After all what was a few cuts and bruises when you had faced the darkest and most feared wizard of all time only mere weeks ago. When you had seen him be reborn and return to the full menacing power that he had been fourteen years before. When you had watched the boy you considered a friend die right before your very eyes.Harry quickly squeezed his eyes shut trying to block out the memories of Cedric, the face of the demon that had haunted his nightmares for weeks.Harry winced as he turned on his side to stare up at the ceiling, wincing as he did so, not even bothered to look down at his ribs which were sure to be broken after the beating that Vernon had given him only hours before. He was aware of the fact that he was smelly, covered in blood which itself covered the clothes that he had been wearing for weeks on end. He simply didn't care anymore, he wasn't sure if he cared about anythingAfter all what was there left to care about?Sirius/Remus P.O.VSirius Black sat in the large kitchen of Twelve Grimmauld Place, the childhood home that he had sworn eighteen years ago that he would never return to. Then again, though when he was sixteen years old he had said many things that would never happen, that could never happen. He had said he would still be win James in a duel when they were old men, he had said that he would always be his greatest friend, that the four marauders would live on forever, that together the four of them would teach all of each other's children to take their rightful place as the second generation of Marauders at Hogwarts.None of that had ever happened, James hadn't lived to be an old man, he was barely even a man when he died. He hadn't been the greatest friend. He had let him down. There were only two Marauders left, and finally they wouldn't teach each other's children, because there was only one child. There would only ever be Harry. And he had even failed in that respectSirius sighed as he ran a hand down his face, he had found himself yet again sitting on one of the hard wooden seats at the long kitchen table, and a half drank glass of fire whisky in front of him just waiting to drown all of his thoughts and memories away."Up again?" A voice interrupted his thoughts.Sirius turned in his seat to face Remus, dressed in a grey night robe, his face worn and scarred, his eyes reflecting the exhaustion in them. He seemed to be so much older than his years, he was after all only in his mid-thirties."Yeah." Sirius replied in a gruff voice as he went back to staring at the table, carefully swirling his firewhisky around in its glass. He felt rather than saw Remus walk around him to sit at the opposite side of the table, directly facing him."Are you sure you should be drinking that?" Remus asked him firmly, gesturing to the glass infront of him"Don't worry" Sirius replied as he took another sip, swalling back the foul, harsh taste. "I can still see straight.""That's not the point." Remus replied as Sirius rolled his eyes and placed the glass back down."Why are you up?" Sirius asked deciding to change the subject."I couldn't sleep." Remus replied honestly. "I didn't hear you go to bed. Thought I would check on you.""Always the mother hen." Sirius snorted."Someone has to be." Remus replied with a small silence.They sat in silence for what felt like hours, but was only minutes."Harry's fine, you know." Remus told him, knowing Sirius far too well to not know what was really bothering him.Sirius looked up at him, he always did know exactly what was bothering him, ever since school he had been the most tactful, empathetic one. Maybe that's what happened when you were a Werewolf, constantly being insulted and looked down on by society. But then again maybe it just came naturally when you were so close to somewhere, even if it had been twelve years since they had really spent any time in each other's company."You can't know that." Sirius sighed. "None of us do. This is Harry we're talking about. Even if he was falling into a million pieces we couldn't know, he certainly wouldn't tell us.""No." Remus admitted "In the years that I taught him in school I learned a bit about him, and if there was one thing I picked up on it was his sense of independency and maturity. Certainly didn't get that off James."Sirius let out a bark of a laugh, no he was certainly right there."You should have seen him, Mooney." Sirius told him, his smile disappearing. "The night I left, when Voldemort came back. He was acting brave, almost as though he had a mask onbut I could see it. In his eyes. He was terrified.""Of course he was - even Harry gets scared sometimes. Especially after what he has been through.""I should never have left him." Sirius sighed. Guilt had been eating him up for weeks, of course he had no choice, he had had to do his duty. He knew that Harry understood, but that didn't make him feel like any less of a failure as a Godfather. At least his decision to leave hadn't been as bad as the one he had made all of those years ago when he had handed Harry over to Hagrid before taking off after Pettigrew in a bid for revenge."Dumbledore said Harry could maybe come here for the last couple of weeks of the holidays." Remus reminded Sirius in an attempt to cheer him up.Sirius grinded his teeth, trying to ignore his hatred for the headmaster, why was it up to him when he could and couldn't see Harry? He was his Godfather. He should have been the one to raise Harry in the first place. Lily and James never would have wanted Harry to go to Petunia and Vernon, not after what he had heard about them."It's not enough." Sirius growled. "He hasn't even replied to my letters, Remus! I'm telling you either something is going on with him or he hates me just as much as I know he should!""He doesn't hate you!" Remus firmly told Sirius, looking him in the eyes. "You know he couldn't. Harry is the kindest boy I have ever met, I'm not sure if he is even capable of hate. And Especially not for you.""Then what?" demanded Sirius, a slightly crazed look in his eyes. "If he doesn't hate me then what? I've already told Dumbledore! That old fool won't do anything about it! `He's a teenager!' He says! 'Just give him time, I would know if something was wrong'!""Sirius calm down." Remus calmly told him as he watched his friend panic, ignoring his own worry in an attempt to settle him. "I am just as worried as you are. But Dumbledore could be right, there could be a completely logical reason behind this.""Do you really believe that?" Sirius asked him, looking into his golden eyes, already knowing the truth.Remus opened his mouth to tell him that yes, yes he was certain that Harry was absolutely fine, but his words failed him. He knew that there was no guarantee that Dumbledore was right, that Harry simply needed time on his own.Sirius let out a groan of frustration as he realised that Remus knew just as much as he did that it wasn't normal for Harry to spend so long ignoring them. From what he had gathered from Ron and Hermione and his own correspondence with Harry, he would almost always reply to a letter within a matter of hours.If anything had happened to himSirius's chair fell to the ground with a BANG as he quickly stood up and made to head for the door."Where are you going?" Remus asked a slight note of panic in her voice."If Dumbledore won't do anything about it then I will!" Sirius snapped as he climbed the steps, through the dark and eerie porch leading out to the street."Sirius! Stop! Just think for a moment!" Remus exclaimed as he grabbed his friend by the shoulder, forcing him to turn around and face him. "If you go out there like that you will be caught in an instant! You'll be locked up!""Do you think I care!" Sirius practically yelled at him. "Harry could be hurt or anything! We might already be too late""Do you think I don't know." Remus hissed, still holding him by the shoulders."We have to save him, Remus!" Sirius snapped, panic once again setting in as he struggled against the strong grip."And we will." Remus insisted "But if you get yourself locked up again what good would you be to Harry? He would never forgive himself! And what about me? You're the only friend I have left. Me and Harry need you."Sirius stopped struggling almost instantly as he once again looked into Remus' worn face. He knew that he was right. He had already lost Harry once, condemned him to a life living with two of the most awful people he had had the misfortune to know. He would not make the mistake of screwing up again.And Remus was right from what he had learned over the last month or two, Sirius and Harry hadn't been the only ones to suffer during those years. Remus needed him just as much as he himself needed him."We'll write him a letter." Remus told him, grateful that he had calmed down slightly. "Tell him that we're worried, that we need to have a reply, and if we don't get an answer thenthen we will go and get him. With or without Dumbledore's permission."Sirius opened his mouth to argue, before he snapped it shut again and silently nodding, giving in as Remus' grip disappeared.Sirius hurried to the study to write his panicked and desperate letter to Harry, leaving Remus behind by the stairs. His thoughts were on Harry, and Harry only. He stared up at the moon through the window, not knowing that dozens of miles away Harry Potter lay staring up at the exact same moon, silently praying that someone would think of him soon. His beaten body aching all over, terrified of what would come once the moon and the night had disappeared.There you go!.. Hope you enjoyed my first chapterI'm not entirely sure when I'm going to update, it will most likely depend on the response of this first chapter as to if I continue. Feel free to favourite, or Follow, or Review my story Thank You :D 
