Author's note I found it quite boring reading Scorose fanfictions where I could predict what would happen. So I did something about itDisclaimer I just borrow this fantastic Wizarding World from J.K. RowlingHere I am, in my pyjamas, sitting in the lap of the one I thought would be the last person I would sit on. Well, no actually. Scorpius Malfoy's lap is not the last lap I would sit in. That'd be Mcgonagall's because she is one bloody scary woman.So back to the fact that I'm sitting in the lap of Malfoy. I don't really know how it happened. Or I do know how it happened, I just don't know why. Why am I sitting in Malfoy's lap? I've been asking myself this for the last 15 seconds. I don't mind really. It's actually quite funny watching Malfoy's expression, because he doesn't enjoy this at all. So this brings me back to the other question that's been going through my mind. Why did Malfoy ask me to sit in his lap? It's not like he could have come over his deep utterly hatred for me in just twenty minutes.He fixed me with his I-will-forever-hate-you-and-I'm-so much-better-looking-look when we got on the train twenty minutes ago. Fred and I were just about to try to get on the train at the same time as we always try to, we have yet never succeed, when Malfoy pushed us aside while snorting."What the hell are you wearing Weasley?" He said commenting my pair of snail pyjamas."Doesn't it look wonderful?" I said putting a leg up blocking his entrance. Malfoy just slowly backed towards another door giving me crazy eyes.We could barely make it to the compartment where the whole cousin herd sat. We burst into laughter as we stumbled inside."Seeing you on the floor I guess you bumped in to Malfoy." Albus said picking dirt under his fingernails."I do know he entertains you two but could you please quite down. I have to finish this book by the time we arrive.""Don't try so hard to be a smartass, Molly. Some people are nerdy by birth like Louis here for example and then there's those who try to be something they're not." James said.Molly just frowned angrily and buried herself deeper in the book.Fred and I still cried of laughter on the floor when Roxanne walked in and almost stamped on Fred. In her hurry of not hurting her brother she jumped aside and landed perfectly on my stomach. The air went out of me and I hoped I wouldn't die. Even if I do love my pair of snail pyjamas I'd rather die in something more elegant."Oh my dear sweet mother of Merlin! Rose are you all right?" Roxanne asked while she sat down on me."Oh yes of course Roxanne. It's as if I've watched a very good film and searching down the whole house for air." I whisper. "I normally don't have a very beautiful girl on my stomach but that's just a plus today.""Aw that's sweet of you. It's almost as if I could give you a kiss.""Just almost? You did jump on me.""Everything for you Rose." She said as she leaned down and gave me a kiss on the cheek."You two are mad! Seriously when is your wedding? You two are almost as bad as grandma and grandpa when they've had a little bit to much fire whiskey." James looked deeply disgusted by us. He would look angry if he knew we did this mostly to annoy him.We have always fought but it started for real the summer when I was about to start my third year. That was when he took my first kiss. Now this wouldn't be such a big deal if it was someone else. But I'm sure that James did it just because he didn't want me to have a rememberable first kiss. And that will haunt me for the rest of my life, he makes sure of it. No one knows of this though. James maybe thinks this is something he can blackmail me with but oh so wrong he is, this is perfect to use when I feel like torture him. I just have to become dads little Rosie and cry my eyeballs out. That's when a storm of Ron Weasley will visit James and have the famous talk and maybe a fight. I've planned this since he kissed me. I'm real good."Nice pyjamas by the way. Are you starting a new fashion trend or something?" James asked while pointing at it with his foot."Thank you James, I do love it very much. And if you must know I didn't have the time to change my clothes this morning. I was eating and that took some time.""Are you sure you should eat so much? You'll never get your first kiss if you're fat. No one likes fat cows like you Rose." James gave me a cocky knowingly smile that I felt like slowly cutting up with a blunt knife. I wanted too make sure he felt great pain.And as the dramatic person I am I stormed out of the compartment and started to search something fun that could entertain me somewhere else. I wasn't angry really. It was just a show for James to let him think he had some kind of power over me.I walked down the corridor and when I passed an empty compartment I stopped. There's never empty compartments on the train. Ever. I pulled the door open and found Malfoy sitting on the floor."Close the door!" He whisper-screamed.I opened it even wider just to see what would happen. He rose up and dragged me inside with him, slamming the door shut. Well this was interesting. I've never seen someone do something so fast in my whole life. He must be terrified."Scoooorpiuuuus!" Someone called in the distance as Malfoy flinched."I am maybe going to sound crazy but would you sit in my lap, please?" It sounded as if his life depended on it so I decided to go with it."Sure Malfoy. It's not like I could turn down such a nice offer.""Straddle my lap so you're facing me. Then put your arms around my neck." As I did so Malfoy put his hands on my hips.And here I am wondering what could possibly make Malfoy so scared that he even wants me, his arch enemy, to sit in his lap. I feel his body tension as we hear footsteps near. He lowers his head down to my neck and buries himself in my hair. I can feel his soft breathing on my neck and a barely noticeable shiver go down my spine."Scorpiuus!" The door opens and as I turn around I see Molly Boot, a hufflepuff girl in the year below me."Oh I'm so sorry Rose! Didn't mean to interrupt you!" She turns around and is about to close the door. "You haven't seen Scorpius by the way?""No Molly Boot, I rather not even look at that goofy git." I feel Malfoy snort in to my neck."Alrighty. Have a nice time hun!" She close the door and continues down the corridor. Malfoy relax and lean his head back against the seat and my hands that rest around his shoulders. This is rather amusing. It will probably be the big thing of this week."I figured you're hair would cover the most of me up. It worked pretty well indeed. But goofy git? Seriously is that the best you could come up with?" Malfoy starts laughing. It is the first time I hear him laugh due to something is funny and not evil. It's kind of a pleasant laugh but it's nothing compared to his friend Aric Zabini's laugh. It is amazing. I could recognise that laugh anywhere."A real smart move there Malfoy, I must say I am impressed."Malfoy must realise that he still has his hands on my hips and that I have not yet moved away from his lap because he suddenly get a weird look on his face and push me off onto the floor."You could have just asked me to move you know. But I wouldn't miss the chance to push someone either. It's something about pushing and hurting people that brings out a satisfaction you cant fill other wise."Malfoy just stares at me as if I were a weird creature he has never seen before."So Molly Boot huh? You sure got your self into a deep, deep romance." I sit up and try to get as comfy as possible on the floor."We are not in a romance. She may be but I defiantly am not. Have never been and never will.""You sure? Because she may be naive and a little dumb but not that stupid. There must have been something Malfoy."He just turn his head to look outside. Is that a slightly red colour on his cheek? I start poking on him with my red shoe."Alright! Just stop it Weasley! We had a short shag at the end of last term.""Oh I know. I heard from my cousin Molly. They share rooms so you do get some juicy gossip once in a while." Malfoy look like a hippo going in for an attack."Then why did you ask?""I had to be sure. If I haven't heard it from a reliable source it will not be that good blackmail material."Malfoy now look like a hippo in an attack. And let me just tell you, they look mad."You're probably thinking you could tell everyone that I sat in Scorpius Malfoy's lap willingly but that's not embarrassing for me. At all. They would probably just wonder why I sat there. Everything goes back to you. You can't embarrass me, it's nearly impossible, without embarrass yourself."It shows in his whole face that I've won this war of words and secrets. I sure am a natural at this."I may be defeated for now but don't you dare think I'll sit quiet and do nothing while you tear me down. Just you wait for it Weasley. There will come a day when you'll regret this." Malfoy hiss at me."Oh I'm counting on it." I say confidently but there's something about him that makes a tiny tiny part of me deep deep down worried. Deep down."But don't forget Malfoy, you owe me one." I say my final awesome sentence, walk out the compartment and leave the door open for a final touch. This sure has been a very interesting encounter.When I walk back to the cousin herds compartment I am in much better mood then I were in when I left it. I walk in and find myself pushed up to the wall in a very lovely hug by Roxanne."Oh dear Rose where have you been? I've missed you so." She caress my cheek and plant a very soft kiss on my neck."Love! I'm so sorry for being gone for so long. But I did have a pleasant time." I lower my hands to her lower back and press her harder against me. This is all for James. We all know it and it's too funny to not let it happen."I know you two love each other but you are cousins! And GIRLS. This is not happening." James push us aside and pick me up to have me sit in his knee. This is not okay. I can not sit in a lap of someone I can't stand. There's no way. I try to flee but he has me captured by his strong arms."Stop struggle Rose. There's no room for you to sit anywhere and we both know you like it. Just like you liked what happened three years ago." He whisper into my ear. I shiver out of disgust but calm down by the thought of me telling my dad about it. It will be grand. Fred and I get eye contact and he start to look worried. I guess I have my wicked grin plastered on my face again.The rest of the train ride goes smoothly with just a few minor fights and dramatic outbursts from my side. When Fred and I once again try to get off the train at the same time I fall but to my surprise it's not the hard platform that's underneath me but a rather cute groaning boy. Take that back. It's a heavenly beautiful boy. This is probably the first time I'm blown away by someone's looks. And I like it."Oh sweet mother of Merlin you are cute!" I say as I sit up looking down on him."And you're weird. Could you please get of me? You're heavier than old aunt Ginger." His dark bangs fall down his eyes as he speaks and he gets even cuter. I can't help but reach down to his cheeks and grab them with my hands. His skin is softer than I imagined."You are so sweet I could eat you up. What's your name dear?" He just stare at me with widely terrified open eyes. Just like a cute little rabbit."Oh my god Rose. You can't just attack them like that. We've been over this. You have to encounter them slowly if you want to keep them. Remember what happened to that little Hufflepuff girl last year? We don't want that to happen again." Fred pulls me up from my position on top of the boy. He offer his hand to help him up but he just slowly crawls backwards and take a run for it."Well that was unnecessary Rose. You could at least try not to scare him.""Don't you worry Fred, he'll soon be back by my side. It'll take tops three days." I rub my hands together in excitement. Maybe I'll have a little spy this year too. Sadly the girl I thought I hand spun around my finger betrayed me when I no longer could give her sweets. But three months is better then no months I guess.I see the dark haired boy just getting on a carriage and I can barely hold the urge to get on that same one, but no. I can't rush things or else my plan won't work.We enter the great hall and I immediately get an overwhelming feeling of joy. This may be one of my favourite places in the whole area of Hogwarts. Now some may think it's due to the food, and they are absolutely right. It's nice in the kitchen too, getting personal service and all that, but the great hall is something different. It's nice to eavesdrop on the other houses but it's great when you need eye witnesses.I look around trying to find the dark haired cutie but he's nowhere to be found. I guess I'll have to wait and find out which house he belongs to later. Patience equals result. The one thing I had to learn because my patience was probably the worst on earth after my dad's.The time has come, all the first years has been sorted out, and the smell of delicious food fill my nostrils. I put more food on my plate then there's room for and dig in. Just as I am about to fill my mouth of waffles I get the feeling of when someone's staring at you. The one you can feel deep down your spine. I look up and get eye contact with Malfoy. He looks nervous. Or maybe that's just what he looks like around people."Rose, who the hell did you snog on the train?!" Roxanne is on her way over and she is real happy. Her grin could probably light up the whole forbidden forest. And Merlin knows how large that is. Fuck. I didn't have a thought of Molly Boot but of course she would tell everyone."That's my little secret and something you can look toward knowing about tonight." Everyone in the whole hall had turned around at this point. I guess this was what had worried Malfoy. That means this was what everyone had talked about when I wasn't paying attention. Which means I am going to be the hot topic for a while. Which means I have to be more discreet for now on. This is not going as planned. The boy can't wait, I'll have to find him tonight.
