It was nearly morning, light had just begun to peak through the windows. The house was still, everyone was still sleeping, safe for one. An old man sat at the table in the kitchen, sipping on fresh tea. His gray hair still ruffled from sleep, and he was still his pajamas, but these were the only signs that he had slept at all. His eyes were fixed on the object for him, fascinated. The object belonged to one of his many grandchildren, they had forgotten it after the last visit and since then, the old man had been attempting to work the contraption. Twisting the flat object in his hands he began to look at the Apple that marked the back, in wonder. For the millionth time he read the small print below the logo." iPadDesigned by Apple in California. Assembled in China"The old man had been so focused on the object that he jumped when an owl flew through the window and landed on the table before him. With a shrill hoot the owl dropped the newspaper and held out it's leg. The old man quickly reached into his pocket to grab the owls payment, and after the Barn owl had been paid, it gave another hoot before flying out the window.The old man set aside the object he had been inspecting and grabbed the newspaper. Immediately the headline grabbed attention.MUGGLES NO MORE?After an all time record high of muggle run-ins could we be saying goodbye to the muggle liaison office [Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes] along with the International Statue of Wizarding Secrecy of 1692? Is it true the Ministry is way over their heads when dealing with today's Muggles? [Continue on page 7]The old man leaned back in his chair trying to imagine a world with magic and Muggles together.XXXA tall, dark haired man stumbled into the elevator, and quickly punched his floor number before leaning against the wall. Closing his eyes and resting his head against the cool metal, he felt the elevator zoom up. It left an odd feeling in his stomach, but it was nothing that he wasn't used to, after all a childhood on a broom stick this was nothing compared to this. With a soft 'ding', the doors opened and the man shoved off the wall to begin down the hall. He continued to the very last door at the end of the hall, and with a flick of his wand the door clicked open.Just inside the door, sitting at the shoddy wooden table was a woman. As usual, she looked carelessly thrown together. It was obvious her shirt had been on the floor before it had been on her. Her hair was up, but it looked as if she hadn't cared what it looked like. A chunk rested against her neck and a few small hairs jetted out from the side of her head.Before the door had opened it had appeared as if she had been looking at her hands, but at the sound of the door her head shot up. "James?""Yeah, it's just me," the man said as he plopped down in a chair across from her. The wooden seat groaned at his weight, but other wise supported him. "Why are you up so early?""Made the mistake of telling my mother that I was going to the laundry mat today," she leaned back, ignoring her own chairs moans and crossed her arms. "You know my mother, I can't do anything alone."James placed his arms on the table and rested his head on them making the table wobble. "She's just worried about you, she's a mom.""She doesn't need to be, I can handle washing clothes. I am a big girl.""Just humor her Elsie, maybe she'll pay for it," James yawned."A day with my mother just so you can save five dollars?" Elsie raised an eyebrow, making James grin."Five? They don't have a blind person discount? What a lousy laundry mat," James joked."Hardy-har-har," Elsie replied, looking in James' direction with blank eyes, but a small smirk toying at the edge of her lip.Elsie wasn't one to be easily offended. She was someone that would simply brush off such a joke, in fact more times than not it was her making these jokes against herself."Your mothers coming over? You may want to fix your hair, if she sees it she will have a fit. It's a complete wreck." James noted sitting up.Elsie groaned, putting her head in her hands. "It just won't work with me today.""Would you like-" James began."No, no, it's fine. I can do it," Elsie quickly cut in, standing up and navigating into the another room.James' mouth pressed together in a line. One thing he knew about Elsie was she was fiercely independent, almost too much for her own good. There were something's she did need an extra hand in, being blind isn't easy, James knew that much. But she almost always turned James down. James let out a sigh and ran a hand through his hair. He was worrying about her, a bad habit he had that she hated. She didn't like others making a fuss over her, and if he were in her position, James supposed he would be too.A scratching noise made James jump out of his thoughts. He quickly shot out of his chair (much to its displeasure) and began into the other room. The scratching continued making James pause. A glance at the window behind him suddenly made James feel sheepish, a large owl rested on the window ledge. Quickly trudging over, James took the newspaper and paid the animal. Perhaps the paranoid old men from work were getting to him? With a soft coo, the bird took off into the morning sky."What was that," Elsie asked strolling into the room. Her hair was still messy, but all up in the ponytail."Was what?" James questioned, attempting to avoid her own question."That noise," Elsie frowned. "An owl?""Are you calling me an owl? I was only out all night for work, I'm no night owl.""A werewolf would be better, last night was a full moon after all." Elsie joked. She turned toward the couch, forgetting the noise."W-well, I'm going to bed. Goodnight," James scurried towards his room."Good morning," Elsie called in response.Once in his room James fell face first onto his bed. Although it was odd, he thanked his lucky stars Elsie was blind. There was no way he could live with a muggle otherwise. And the idea of not living with her have James a distasteful feeling. He'd only known her since Christmas, but there was no way he could remove her from his life, he valued her friendship too much.As James began to drift off, the Daily Prophet forgotten beside him, he wondered how the media would react to Elsie. A blind muggle hanging around James Sirius Potter, eldest son of the savior of the Wizarding world? Chaos. Complete and utter chaos.AN:This is my first try at a story, so there may be some mistakes. Also I don't have a computer so I've done this through my Phone and on paper so mistakes are even more possible. I really do live up to my username, I really so write in a blue notebook. This is very short and I will try to make chapters longer, but this may just be a short chapter kind of story. If you see any mistakes feel free to say so, I'm open to anything.
