Disclaimer: I Do Not Own Harry Potter.Chapter 1As the doors to the room opened with a bang, the man jumped up using his wand to send a trio of powerful curses towards the opened doors that he himself had warded but these two killers were not backing off. He knew that if they caught him he could definitely say that he was screwed."You stupid whores! Do you think that doing this would bring him back? I would never have allowed that half blood whelp to live even though he was our only hope at that time. Just come out and I will let you live. Do you hear me bitches?" he roared in impotent anger seeing his curses deflected easily as one would fling aside a fly. His response was a extremely potent barrage of curses that simply blew away his shields and then ripped his wand from his arm while another curse bound him in magic inhibiting chains while he himself felt his left arm, right hip bone and his ribs shatter under the onslaught of powerful magic. His body was thrown away from the blast and the chains lit up in a sickly purple glow as they activated and he knew that if he even gathered his magic they would sprout hooks and sink themselves in his skin in under a second.He knew that because he himself had seen it happen to his older cousin when he had just managed to escape these two witches last week but he had not managed to escape unscathed. His chest still throbbed painfully from the effects of burns that he had due the Fiendfire they had unleashed on him when he had apparated. Now all he had to do was to try to deflect them when they tried to interrogate him but knew it in his bones that it was futile as these two were the most ruthless and cruel Hit Witches of Britain. The only woman who came closest to them was Hermione Granger who worked in the DMLE and was totally hardcore and extremely ruthless but she worked in the rules. It was widely speculated that these three had gone mad after he had been killed by the Pureblood Faction and these girls had decided to simply take the matters in their hands.A pair of high heels walking in his direction made him turn and he turned as much as his abused body wrapped in chains allowed him to turn. Seeing not one but two sets of dainty looking feet in high heels he simply groaned to himself while looking at those beauties who walked in the destroyed door. Once in his lifetime he would have gotten extremely hard on seeing these two but now all he could do was shake in terror when these two deceptively calm looking women arrived and with a negligent flick of wand righted him as a chair was conjured beneath him and he was dumped on it."Hmm... Looks like we caught the last of Notts, honey what shall we do to him now?" Asked one in a innocent schoolgirl like voice, that sent shudders up his spine at how lethal she sounded. The now sweating Identified as Theodore Nott swivelled his eyes as they locked upon the cold ice blue glaciers of his ex Housemate and Alumni and nearly soiled himself at the look of mad rage that seemed to have been stroked in her eyes.When he had been in school he had often heard from others how one look from the Ice Queen could make a male run like someone had unleashed the hounds of hell after him. But seeing was believing and he had dismissed the whole thing as just ramblings of a sacred male. Now seeing the same look in her eyes made him wish that he had never plotted to kill his batch mate even though he was in their rival House.The two beauties paused in front of him and he gazed with near reverence at how beautiful they looked even though they were in their thirties and had entered one of the most dangerous professions in the entire world. They were Susan Bones and Daphne Greengrass, now known in the Magical World as Red Queen and White Queen respectively. The fact that they both were named after the colour of their hair was what they allowed the papers to call them. Include Hermione Granger in the group and they had a trio of most dangerous witches that were ready to take care of the Pureblood Ideology that the Purebloods spewed from their mouths.In truth it was a group of four that included the deceased Saviour of the Magical World, Harry James Potter. He had been killed in an ambush for Susan and Hermione but instead they had wounded Harry Potter grievously who had died while preventing the deaths of the Queens of Hogwarts. His death had wiped out the support for the Pureblood Ideology due to the fact that the Purebloods had murdered a Lord of three Ancient and Noble Houses which was paramount to suicide according to the pureblood rules.The death of Harry Potter had also sent widespread riots for the killers of the Saviour to be brought to justice and there were chances for the civil war to erupt were large before the Circle that had masterminded the attacks had left the country with their family members due to the fact that the Queens as the papers called the trio of witches had given the public an ultimatum in which they had declared on their honour that they would find the persons responsible and bring them to justice. The Wizengamot in their haste to get the masses to calm down had given them powers to even kill the criminals not knowing the fact that these witches had no intention of letting those fools live for they had done and taken away from them.So began the rule of the Three Mad Queens that pursued the killers with vengeance with Susan Bones and Daphne Greengrass as the hit witches and Hermione Granger in DMLE as their legal advisor and informant in the Ministry of Magic. The public ate up their reports about how vicious the killers were and how many crimes they had to pay for and all other hyped up news about them that gave the Circle more notoriety. The last ten years had seen the systemic and mechanical killings of the Pureblood faction that had been responsible for the death of Harry Potter and the Wizangamot had been powerless to stop them, even that filthy mudblood Granger due to the fact that Potter had signed over the Ancient and Noble House of Peverell to her which made her basically untouchable in Pureblood Society.These thoughts went in the mind of one Theodore Nott when both of these women stood in front of them wearing those blasted muggle clothes that distracted him in painful ways and made his blood run south. "Look baby, the fool is getting hard. Maybe we should help him getting rid of his hardness." Spoke Greengrass and with a flick of her bone white wand encased his entire pelvis in ice that had him screaming in shock and pain due to the fact that it hurt a lot and stung something fierce."What do you want from me woman? I already told you that I have no regrets about your toy's death. Do your worst, for I know it is futile to run away from you two and even if I am somehow alive you will get Granger to get me a death sentence. So do it." He roared at them defiantly. "Tsk.. Tsk.. How uncivilized and incredibly rude of you. Of course you would be ready for it for you are the last of that pesky Circle and most of the work we had to do was to kill the French Branch of the Malfoy's and the Carrows. When you are dead his soul can be in peace at last. And don't you think it is benefitting that your death will be the last as you were the bastard who fired the last curse at him. So get ready for when we are done nothing will be left of you." Replied Susan with a mad gleam in her eyes and shaking with suppressed rage while both of them rolled up their sleeves and pointed their wands at him glowing an ominous red. As both of them went to work on the last Nott, they silenced the room so that no one would hear his cries and screams. Their vengeance would be complete and this one would suffer the most for he was the last and they still had a lot of rage to put out.Hermione Granger was sitting alone in the house that Harry had given to her in his will. It was a small two story house on the outskirts of Wiltshire, near the woods with plenty of space and large gardens. The woods near the building had a nice spot with a small waterfall with a natural pool and plenty of trees. This was Harry's most favourite spot and he often spent time there. The house was one of the Potter properties and was heavily warded to be compared with a Gringott's vault. Hermione herself had learned much about Warding and a little bit of Enchanting from the Peverell Library. 'If only Harry was here' she thought to herself morosely. 'But still they both aren't here and we all have to make it work together.' She consoled herself by rubbing her arms through the sheer black negligee she was wearing.The door opened and Hermione simply turned towards the door seeing her two best friends and conspirators entering the room while removing the grey travelling cloaks they were wearing, show casing their incredibly fit and lush bodies to her gaze. Hermione simply smiled and lifted herself off the couch and walked towards them to give them each a hug as they had become accustomed to do so after a hard day's work."How was the day, Daph and Suzy? Got the bastard or not?" she asked with a teasing smile but her eyes burned with fervent madness that seemed to consume them all in fire. "Oh, Mione, he is gone. The last of the bastards who killed our Harry is gone. We took our vengeance and his soul is at rest. We both made him scream and he barely lasted half an hour even with potions. These bastards can never take what they dish out. I hope they all are having a nice time in hell." Answered Daphne with the same look remembering the screams of Nott at his last moments."Hermione, I just want to ask that are all your affairs in order? Dumbledore's left over faction and especially the Weasley's are not going to let us all go after the news of Nott's death reach them. We all have only a week before they make their moves and now the public has been diverted with other works, both Light and Dark are going to be baying for our blood. We have to complete our preparations and do the ritual. So dare I ask are you committed or not?" asked a very worried looking Susan not knowing how both of her friends will take this question."We have been ready for this contingency since the last eight years Susan. I knew what was going to happen and planned accordingly. Come Let me show you the preparations I have made. And a lot of things have been done. I have researched many things and even though I never had the time to tell you but the basics it will be better to show you. Follow me." And she walked towards the backyard. After handing both of them a slip of paper, she lifted her wand from the holster harry had gifted her for her Eighteenth Birthday."The Granger's Lab is in the backyard of the Lily's Pad." As soon as the words were read a room appeared in front of their eyes extending from the shed."Modified Fidelus Charm." She explained seeing the question in their eyes and opened the door went inside with both them following her.The room was the size of a typical bedroom with the difference in their eyes being the many cases full of books and many potions bubbling in the far end of lab. But what took most of their attention was the five opened trunks that were right in the middle of the room with several runes around them that crackled with hidden power." Are these really the Multi compartment trunks that Moody used? And why are you using such powerful runes to power the trunks? The backlash from these trunks getting damaged is going to be enormous, Mione. Tell us what exactly are we doing here and what need for those trunks are there?" asked a worried looking Susan.Hermione sighed and looked at them while trying to explain it to them."These trunks are going with us. So the fact that such ritual is going to be absorbing magic and power, the normal trunks will fall apart within few minutes of using the ritual. But I have enchanted and then powered the trunks. Also I have made a few changes in them including the portal doorways but unfortunately only four trunks can be linked to each other before the spell matrix loses its power. Remember the times I asked you to withdraw galleons in large quantities. They all are stored in the fourth trunk as our emergency cash supply. I have about one point five million galleons in the trunk for emergency and now I ask you both to fill the trunks that you need with your essentials. Tomorrow we are going shopping for the other six compartments for our three trunks. The last trunk has libraries and books that I have collected from all around the world."Both Susan and Daphne gaped at their friend for a moment and then turned to each other with Cheshire grins on their faces. Then they in eerie synchronisation turned to Hermione who gulped at their looks and said, "You are also coming with us. You need more clothes, potion ingredients, magical supplies and food in case we run into complications. Also we are getting different ID's for ourselves when we make the jump, both magical and mundane." Hermione smiled at them and then asked them to follow her to the kitchen while she shut and locked the Lab from prying eyes.Inside the kitchen, Hermione turned to them and with tears in her eyes hugged both of them again while saying the fact that she was really happy for the way their crusade had come to an end. Both of the other women patted her awkwardly on the back while wishing Harry was still alive to take care of them and they would have been a very happy family.The next morning at the Lily's Pad there was a flurry of moments due to the fact that they all the three queens were in a hurry and they wanted their obligations to be finished at once. First order of business after breakfast was getting their finances in order so they apparated to the Diagon Alley and entered the Gringotts. There each of them had a meeting with their respective account managers and they wrote their wills and withdrew several thousands of Galleons while going over in their vaults for some heirlooms and other valuable books they would need when they made the jump. In the meantime they asked the goblins to provide them their ID's they were going to use in their foreseeable future.Hermione had chosen her cover as an American witch going by the name of Ashley Donovan Peverell. She had been living in America since she was six years old and had been home schooled her entire life except for the time in Britain by her parents who had died when she had reached her eighteenth year. Since then she had finished her studies and taught in the mundane world as a teacher in primary school and in the magical world was adept at charms and runes getting her mastery in both when she had reached twenty.Daphne had taken her identity as a magical from Greece by the name Evangeline Aphrodite Black. She was also home schooled her entire life by her parents who died when she was in her teens causing her to search for her remaining family and found her connection to the Black Family from her mother who was Cassiopeia Black, a cousin to Dorea Black and related to both Potters and Blacks from Gringotts. She was a master of runes, potions and charms while holding masteries is all of three subjects.Susan had decided to take a mundane name with her ties to France while using the name Artemis Taylor. Like all the others she was also homeschooled in magic after the age of eleven while she got the schooling from an old school till she reached eleven. She herself was holding masteries in Transfiguration and Charms.After several hours of gruelling search lasting over five hours, through the vaults they had and those given by Harry after his death to them had decided to simply call it done and getting their fake Id's they went back to Lily's Pad where they stored the entire ensemble in their respective trunks. After that they went back to Diagon Alley and purchased several magical items and ingredients. From there they entered the mundane world to do shopping for foods, clothes and other things. This routine went on for several more days and after four days of hectic shopping they had finished their preparations and were ready for their jump attempt which was being done for the first time by them.The ritual was an old one which had been heavily modified and then several components had been added to make it more stable and powerful. It originally had been designed to send magical items to a specified time slot reaching up to a week back in the past. But the three queens had researched for the ritual to be able to send back people and things together without harming them and several years into the past instead of weeks. The major requirements of such a ritual was the amount of power needed which was very difficult. What Hermione had proposed was getting the souls and magical cores from all those people that had been responsible for getting their dear Harry killed to be used to power the ritual and if that was not possible they would use others to fulfil the requirements of the ritual.Thankfully it never came to that and the souls and magical cores of all the two hundred and seven people they killed was more than enough for the ritual. What the queens wanted to do was to go back in time and then change history by helping Harry to get a good childhood and maybe in exchange for that they would get to spend lives with him. They had been denied the chance to help Harry once and they would not allow it to happen again. He had already been used by Dumbledore and his Greater Good more times than anyone could count. Even Neville Longbottom had died believing the foolish policy of Dumbledore and been cut down by the very people he had forgiven instead of getting them punished leaving Luna as the sole survivor of the Longbottom family.The next day all three of them were hiding in a cave near the cliffs in Devon which had been properly sealed and then warded to prevent anyone from reaching the ritual place in order to disrupt them. All of them were hard at work making preparations for the ritual to be finished. Finishing the runes carved over the underground clearing they had created yesterday they went over the etched runes multiple times in order to see they hadn't made any mistakes. Hermione then used her wand to levitate the five trunks into centre, while Susan and Daphne drew our several crystals that glowed brightly and placed them at the focal points in the ground causing the runes light up.After rechecking everything once again they entered the runic circle causing it to start glowing even brighter. Hermione began chanting and then Susan joined her in it causing runes to spin round them like a hurricane. In the end Daphne joined the chant while in synchronisation all three of them raised their wands and finished the chant causing the runes to glow blindingly white and in a loud roar and flash of light the three women vanished from the fabric of their world to be thrown into the past. The only thing left behind was the runic circle which was still glowing brightly and then it slowed down while the runes simply began vanishing in the aftermath of the ritual and in a final burst erased themselves so that no one could use them again, a failsafe Hermione had included.A bright flash of light erupted in the very same cave but in a different time frame and three different looking witches that left their time to pursue their one true love arrived in a crumpled heap along with their trunks that were not glowing that much as compared to the day Hermione had first showed them. After a few moments the three women drew up and Hermione used her wand to check out the time causing it to light up and glowing smoky letters showed, 7:49 AM, 1984, July 1st. Her face lit up in happiness and she smiled back at both Susan and Daphne, who had matching grins on their faces."It worked, it really worked... . We are free baby, we are free!" she exclaimed while Susan let out a whoop of joy and Daphne began shedding tears of happiness. All three of them celebrated for a few more minutes before Daphne who was the most composed of all asked what had been knocking at her mind since she had woken. " You know I feel really good and bit strange with my body. I think we should do diagnostics and other checks before we step out of it. Then we shall go over our trunks and if nothing is damaged we shall go to Gringotts to get the deed registered to Lily's Pad. After that we shall plan and go for main plan."Hermione was ready in an instant and began casting several spells on all of them. This went on for several minutes and as the spells passed, Hermione's eyebrow raised itself till it was in the danger of disappearing in her hairline. Seeing Hermione as such both Daphne and Susan began to get nervous and began fidgeting. With a sigh and slight flourish of her wand, Hermione stopped her casting and then let out a small groan. Before others could say anything she said in an emotionless voice," Do you want the good news or the bad news? ""The good news first." Spoke Susan before Daphne could say anything causing her Hermione to groan once again. " Alright then. Our bodies are all right and in perfect condition other than a few changes we all are in relatively good health. And the bad news is before anyone asks is that the ritual had an unintended side effect. We all have lost nearly ten years of our life and reverted to our age in twenties. Though it looks like it is a good sign, we do not know the effects it would have later in our life spans. Also our magical cores are bit weak by about ten to fifteen percent but that will recover, and lastly the runes and potions we took after twenty three are all missing and so are their effects. We have to take those rituals and potions again if we have to."Others looked a bit stunned hearing this and then Hermione began casting several spells on their trunks and after a few minutes verified the contents of all the trunks had arrived safely. Hearing this the other two young witches let out their breaths they were holding because they were afraid something must have gone amiss. After rechecking everything, all three of them shrunk their trunks and Hermione and Susan pocketed the other two trunks and they all apparated to the clearing on the Wiltshire outskirts where they had pre decided to appear even if they got separated by the jump attempt.As soon as they arrived, Hermione used a Nuntis Charm to send the deed of Lily's Pad to Gringotts because they all were too tired to go the bank. After half an hour of waiting they heard a small noise and three Goblins and two humans arrived from the weather beaten dirt road. The humans looked a bit curious while the Goblins looked as if it was not worth it. The one in the lead looked fairly snarky and before Hermione could speak, he growled out, " Witch, why have you gotten us summoned to a warded location and why are you all wearing cloaks that prevent us from knowing your identity? We haven't got time as for us time is gold."Raising her eyebrow at such a greeting, Daphne stepped forward and in a cold tone spoke quite firmly, " Master Goblin we have gotten you summoned due to the agreement made by parties and Gringotts who had presided over the business transaction and now the deed has been activated. Hence forth it is Gringotts duty to provide control over the wards as written in the deed and contract. The cloaks prevent our identities from getting released as per the conditions in the contract. The deed itself is sealed on a Blood Paper that cannot be opened by others without wilful consent of the parties involved. You are here to discharge your duties and complete your end of bargain as written."The goblin grunted but wisely refrained from speaking on the topic and instead asked," Which of you are going to be keyed in wards?"When all three of them presented the vials of their blood, he simply pulled out a red stone and then began chanting in Goblinhook something while the other two added the blood in the vials to it and then with a pulse of magic the stone turned into three separate and ornate keys. After this the goblin handed them the keys and Susan spoke," Master Goblin, the wards are to be adjusted to include the modified runic ward scheme we sent with the letter and payment for that has already been done. That ward is to be done now without fail and we will be done." The goblin grunted again and other two simply grimaced as if they had been insulted, but in the end after half an hour of warding that needed the touch of the human warders they had brought along they were finished and all the three witches felt something settle in their mind as this was the secret to the land they now owned.Hermione stepped forward and offered all of them a small bag each."This contains a sum of seventy Galleons each as agreed by the bank and for your help. Have a good day." And with that they got their home and the Gringotts representatives went away after taking care all the formalities and signing of documents. After they had gone all three of them turned to each other and then pulled out their trunks. Each of them pulled out a set of four blood red crystals that glowed with a light of their own. After casting several charms they found the locations of ward stones and then buried these stones near the locations of each of the four ward stones. A visible pulse of magic erupted and formed a dome over the two storied house which then faded from view."Location secured" spoke Hermione in a calm tone. "Let's go inside and then settle for the night. Tomorrow we go to Gringotts and file our ID's and get new vaults. We can help in claiming the old vaults when Harry reaches eleven years of age. Also we have to get our appearances right and it is going to be painful." Spoke Daphne to the other two causing grimaces to appear on their faces at the loss of their faces and old identities.After that they floated their trunks and walked inside the old home once known as Lily's Pad and retired for the night.The next morning all three witches were awake at seven am and after having their breakfast they were sitting in the backyard with several cauldrons while wearing only their undergarments. The cauldrons bubbled and frothed with their contents. Looking at the contents with a bit of distaste, Susan spoke," Get ready Daphne. You are the first in the attempt and you are making the minimal changes to yourself. You need the silver, red, blue, yellow and brown ones. I hope you also remember them and what order they needed to be taken in."Following Susan's advice, Daphne took the vials containing the said potions and took each one of them and downed them nosily. Her body began writhing and changing shape like a clay is shaped and after a few minutes she stood with not that many changes but looking extremely beautiful. Her body had creamy white skin that looked soft to touch with extremely delicate looking features giving her an elfin beauty. Her breasts reached a respectable DD cup that defied gravity and stood like perky melons. She had a perfect round ass that looked extremely delicious and swayed enticingly that drew one's eye. She had long legs that looked toned and extremely graceful. Her face had narrowed giving her more sharp look with perfect cupid shaped pouty lips and her eyes were the most amazing shade of silver. Her hair was long and a shade of light blonde that looked amazing with her entire get up.Next to take the potions was Hermione who had several changes to make as she had very distinctive body from a person who had lived in America for a long time. After taking the potions and writhing in pain just like Daphne had done, she stood up. Her body had light golden brown skin reminiscent of a person who has spent few hours in sunlight that looked delicious as butter giving her an eye catching beauty. Her breasts reached a perky D cup that were more round than Daphne's. She had a heart shaped ass that looked extremely perky and bounced with every single movement she made. She had long legs that looked toned and extremely graceful. Her face had narrowed like Daphne giving her more sharp look with pouty lips and her eyes were a brilliant blue with a ring of dark blue surrounding her pupil. Her hair were blonde streaked with brown that was long reaching up to her mid back. In all she looked like a wet person's dream and a high class girl from America's.Last to take the potions was Susan who had the most changes to make as she had a very distinctive body. After taking the potions and writhing in pain just like Daphne and Hermione had done, she stood up. Her body had light golden skin reminiscent of a person who has spent many hours in sunlight that looked delicious giving her an eye catching beauty. Her breasts reached a whopping E cup that were more round than others. She had a massive round shaped ass that looked extremely perky and bounced with every single movement she made. She had long legs that looked toned and extremely graceful. Her face had narrowed like Daphne's and Hermione's giving her more sharp look with pouty lips and her eyes were a distinctive shade of amber. Her hair was her original red shade that were long reaching up to her ass. In all she looked like a porn star who had arrived to drive men to distraction as with her every movement her body swayed like it was floating to an invisible beat.All in all each one of them managed to change several of their features and assumed their new identities for this world. They entered their blood samples on the documents provided by the goblins to complete their Ids. After making sure all the documents had been completed they decided on their plans to stay in this world. Hermione would check up on the history from the books available. Daphne would go to the Ministry and try to get information while Susan would go to Gringotts to settle their finances and other information including their mundane affairs.After all their work was done and they had finalised the changes they decided to fill their Id's with the other relevant details. Then they decided to dress up and move to the Ministry and Gringotts to file the ID's and then they had to open their own vaults also. Rechecking every single thing all the three queens moved out in the brand new world on a mission.
