Disclaimer: I don't own Harry James Potter or any of the orignal characters or plot. If you don't recognize it...I likely made it up!Summary:What if Harry was not the golden hero everyone wanted him to be. What if his very heritage made him into something far more dark and devious. This is a tale of just what might have been if the world placed it's fate on something with no morality. Dark/black Harry. Possible slash later on.Warnings: Slash (or so I plan) don't read if you don't like. Violence, death and immoral behaviour. Don't complain...you've been warned ;)Prologue: Evil WalksEvil, My words defyEvil, Has no disguiseEvil, will take your soulEvil, my wrath unfoldsOne argument has persisted since the beginning of time; what is right and what is wrong. This argument has been the basis of what would be called morals. The definition of moral being; of or pertaining to the principles of right conduct or the distinction between right and wrong*.Most children are raised to follow a certain morality. Depending on the view point of their parents this morality can vary greatly, but generally is concerned with establishing a set of rules or guidelines that the child should strive to follow. Whether the reason is to elevate their own status, or simply do what is 'right' it does not matter. What matters is the fact that morals are present.As a child grows their morals often shift and change with their experiences. They help them navigate and understand their world and interactions. But what would happen if a child was born with no morals. Even worse, what if that child was unable understand or learn such concepts of evil or wrong doing?What if said child was also unbelievably powerful and quick to anger. What destruction would this cause? What havoc would it propagate?This was an idea that priests and shaman of all religions warned against. Cautioning their followers on the true meaning of evil. Most mortals could easily dismiss this as the rhetoric of paranoid old men. They could shut their eyes, and cover their ears, passing these thinly veiled threats off as myths or being implausible.Until they couldn't. For there was a child born that fit this description. And even worse this child knew how to hide his true nature. This child was the true embodiment of evil.The kind of evil that can destroy with a blink of an eye, or soft sigh. The type of evil that there was no protection from, no way to hide. For this was the type of evil that you would greet with open arms, welcome warmly into your home. This child was the evil that you did not recognize until it was far too late.This child's name was Harry James Potter.
