RegretHarry and Ginny potter were sitting in their living room of their three storey house, recalling there childhood days. Harry was now working at the ministry as an assistant to minister of magic Kinsley shacklebolt, and Ginny was happy taking care of their family. Harry and Ginny were now married for almost six years and were having two kids, James who was five and lily, who was two years old."It's all my fault" harry said. Looking at photo of himself, Ron and Hermione laughing at the camera, this was taken during the Christmas after the war. It was their last photograph together."No harry don't blame was me who said those regretful words to Hermione. I don't know I would ever be able to forgive myself for that" Ginny said."No Ginny, it's not your fault alone we and Ron are equally responsible. We will beg to Hermione to forgive us. I am sure she will give us second chance." Harry said patting Ginny's back."So are you sure she will show up at this year's annual gathering?" Ginny asked hopefully."No. but I am hoping she would." harry said."Yes. We should be optimistic". Ginny agreed. "Now we should get going, it's already midnight. You have work tomorrow""Yes, I'll quickly join you." harry said reluctantly not able to take off his eyes from the photograph."Ok, but hurry up." Ginny said noticing Harry's reluctance. After that she kissed harry good night and went to bed.10 years backAfter the war Ron and Hermione had finally gotten together. Everything was going well, until Hermione decided to back to school to finish her studies, refusing the job ministry offered. Whereas Ron and harry had accepted the job offer, but that was not the problem until Ron decided to step further in their relationship and get married. Whereas Hermione was firm to give her carrier and education first preference. Ron firstly agreed with her to be first professionally stable but as the days passed he began to grew more and more insecure, and started forcing Hermione to settle down whereas Hermione persisted to finish her education and then relax for a while before getting married. This caused major differences between them. They started to fight on little things, no one was trying to understand others feelings. Seeing things are going out of hands for their best friends, harry and ginny intervened. Ginny arranged a meeting at burrow one evening, and asked Hermione to come over. Then as planned Hermione arrived and agreed to listen patiently to ron, but slowly the conversation heated up. Both started to argue as usual. First ginny tried being patient but eventually ended being sided with ron on matter of leaving ron's side and thinking only for her own good. Hearing this Hermione shattered. She hoped at least harry would understand her, but got no response instead she had to face the unreasonable accusations from all three of tried to hear her whole thing heated up that extend that ron asked her to leave and never return in his life, hearing this hermione's world turned upside down .she immediately turned around to leave, and promised to herself to never enter in their lives again.
