"Mum," I said reluctantly. We were sat together in our lounge while she worked through her paper work and I was pretending to re-read Matilda but really I was working out to say. I wasn't a mummy's or a daddy's girl but I was grateful it was just the two of us, now I'd finally worked up the courage to talk to her. Mum instantly brushed her paper work aside before I said another word. "I'm scared to go to Hogwarts," I finally admitted."I know," she replied. Mum pushed my hair from my face tenderly, I could tell she'd been waiting to have this conversation with me since we found out. "Do you want to tell me more?" she asked."WellI don't know what it's going to be like," I said hoping I was making sense. "I mean, aren't all these wizards and witches are going to be better than me already? I'm going to be doing the most basic work while they can already do everything with a wand and""Sweetie, I spoke to Miss McGonagall - without you - and she explained there is no underage magic for anyone. You'll be at the same place as children who have known for elven years" she explained. I looked up at her as if expecting there to be a giveaway in her expression that she was lying but I felt she was telling the truth, I really hoped she was too."But I've already done""Miss McGonagall said it can't be helped until you learn how to control it so you won't be in trouble. Hermione, you understand that's part of the reason you need to go? To learn how to use your magic correctly and not to hurt yourself or someone else?""Yeah" I said thoughtfully. It would be nice to be able to choose when I moved objects or do actual spells and own a wand. "Mum, what if I can't make any friends?" I said hands fidgeting as I spoke, thinking of how lucky I was to go home to them every day after school. This was one of the most conflicted feeling about going to 'Hogwarts' as it meant a new start for me but it didn't mean a new me or it would be any easier. I'd always struggled to make friends, who's to say any of that will change? I won't be able to go home to mum and dad every night and have some company. What if I don't like my roommates? How am I meant to live with someone I don't like?"You're bound to make friends, you'll be meeting so many new people and you will have the time of your life" she kissed my forehead gently. "Miss McGonagall seemed like a lovely woman and I'm sure if you have any problems you could go and speak to her""Running to a teacher might not help on the friend's thing" she just smiled"I'm sure it'll all work out sweetie," she said confidently. "How about we make a deal?""A deal?" I asked unsure"You'll stay in Hogwarts until Christmas and depending on how you feel we'll decide what you want to do for the rest of your education. I'm sure the school will help us if you really need to leave but you have to at least try it" she said. I thought about what she was saying and I assumed four months was a good amount of time to make an informed decision so I nodded, hoping I'd want to stay. "Anyway, knowing you sweetie you'll be happy soon as you get your books" she teased kindly. She pulled me in to a hug and I was grateful to be looked after for a change as I smelt her lovely perfume.
