Book TwoChapter OneSharing of GiftsAfter a long hour spent within the Canadian Magic Council Office, dealing with several magical scans and probes to retrieving my things, I finally stepped out into the hot summer air of June.Ottawa did not feel immediately different then London, though London had become more like home then my nations capital, having only traveled here once or twice as a high school student.I stood in the street watching the cars and buses pass, getting lost in the crowd and listening to their voices. A man dressed in a business suit talking on a cellphone almost bumped into me. I smiled at him, pleased to hear the familiar cadence of his speech, and knew I was indeed home.I wandered the streets until I came to a small park. There was a fountain I stopped to drink at, then entered the public washroom. Empty. I closed the door to a stall, and rested against it. It would open itself again as soon as I Apparated away. I closed my eyes, willing the overpowering smell of liquid soap in the dispensers from mind and concentrated on the image of the back alleyway to the convenience store around the corner from my mothers apartment building.When I opened my eyes again I found myself standing in the shade leaning against the brick of the small shop. I breathed in slowly, regaining balance. I was only the slightest bit queasy from the jump, but took the moment to myself regardless.I jogged along the sidewalk and up to the large glass doors for the lobby of mum's building and pressed in the buzz code.'Mum, it's me- Leanna, I'm here, let me in?''OK come right up' The buzzer sounded loudly, then the click of the door unlocking.A short elevator ride later I rapped at her door and waited for her to unlock it and let me in.My mother embraced me the moment she got the door open enough to grab a hold. Ten months had passed since we had last laid eyes on another. We studied each other almost like strangers, I noted a further brushing of grey streaking through her short black hair. Her skin was already finely tanned from the summer sun, and her warm brown eyes leaked tears, opposite my own green.'Gods it's been forever, I'm sorry I've been away for so long mom!'I followed her into the apartment and tossed my bag on the couch and took off my shoes.I could hear the coffee perking in the kitchen and she came and sat beside me.'You're here now, and everything's alright isn't it?' She asked.I smiled. I smiled so hard. Oh everything was perfect, I could hardly wait to tell her. She would be happy for me I knew once she got over her initial shock.I waited until she brought us our coffees and sat down again.'Mom, there's things I need to tell you. Good things, just let me...start from the beginning' I took a deep breath.'I haven't really been traveling..well I have...but..well..I went to school, in London in the fall, not here, but in England actually and...there's so much to tell you..'I pulled out my Hogwarts acceptance letter and handed it to her. I watched her face as she read the letter, she remained smiling through reading it, though arched a brow at the final line of the letter.'Hogwarts, school of Witchcraft and Wizardry?' She inquired.'Yeah...I know this is a bit of a leap for you, and don't get the wrong idea, but yeah it's exactly like it sounds..I'm a witch mom, not the devil worshiping kind, or that new age Wicca stuff either, but like, stuff straight out of fantasy, with like dragons and faeries and stuff'.'So you went to this school and they taught you magic tricks' I could tell she was trying not to laugh...ah well better then her breaking into hysterics.I rolled my eyes.'Not tricks mom, actual honest to goodness magic...may I show you?, here hold out your coffee cup. I promise I won't do anything dangerous'.I waited until she had the hot cup balanced in her hand between us and took out my wand.'Wingardium Leviosa' I spoke, giving a swish and ending with a flick of the blackthorn wand and then slowly raising the cup out of her hand into the air. She watched the cup rise, glanced at me, and then watched it settle back down into her hand. She pulled the mug closer and eyed it carefully.'Is it safe to drink still?' Half frown-half smirk she asked.I laughed 'Of course mom, you know I wouldn't dare do anything to your coffee'.She took a sip and nodded satisfied.'So what else can you do?' I was so very glad she was taking me seriously and not freaking out. I chuckled.'Not a whole lot I'm afraid, I've only just started learning. I'm a first year, in fact I'm stuck taking classes with eleven and twelve year olds, it's almost embarrassing.'I wracked my brain trying to remember everything I learned over the year, my brain still felt like mush from exams, though I was certain I did very well.'Lets see, I can make fire, make my wand light up light a torch...er...uh...flashlight, I can lock and unlock stuff, levitate stuff like you just saw, cut things, and repair things..umm..in defense class we learned stuff for dualing, nothing serious- that comes later. But like, a shielding spell, and disarming spell. I also learned a couple things that well..' I grinned at her mischievously 'let's just say things they don't teach students in class.''That's really neat Leanna, are you done now or is there more?' Mom listened raptly.'Oh there's more, there's 5 years of school until you take your O. - that stands for ordinary wizarding levels, but if I pass and get really good grades there's 2 more years when you take your N.E.W.T.s -nastily exhausting wizarding tests, don't laugh that's what they call them!' I found myself laughing as well.'Oh...so you'll have to go back in the fall, what are you doing this summer?''I was hoping I could stay here for a week, just until I get my grades, but then I was going to go back to England, I got a gig playing the violin for an uppity rich family called the Malfoys. They're going to pay me some money and let me use their library, they have some awesome books!''Oh..so I'll only get to see you for this week' I could tell she was disappointed but trying not to show it.I grinned and took another sip of the coffee.'Actually..I got here by magic. Remember I said I learned stuff that wasn't taught in class? It's called Apparation, it lets me sort of teleport wherever I wanna go..or at least anywhere I've been to before, I had to get the Ministry to take me back this time, since I've never been in the Canadian Office myself, but I can go back and forth now, and I got the International Pass to go back and forth until I'm done at Hogwarts''Does that mean you could..take me with you places?'I nodded excitedly, part of what I had been looking forward to was sharing all that my gift entailed. I knew since she was injured she hadn't been able to travel much and I was hoping to take her all sorts of places.'Yeah, anywhere in Canada is fine for you to go, I checked. They'll want you to register if you want to leave the country by magic though. International law is a headache!''Speaking of laws..' I sighed.'You're what's known as a Muggle, means non magical person. If you weren't blood related I'd get in HUGE trouble for telling you about the wizarding world, so you have to keep this secret okay?'She nodded seriously.'There's other stuff I can't do, like magic near any technology, causes it messes it up big time, just a little bit here is fine, I'm pretty sure I was far enough away from the tv and stereo, but they just don't mix well, mucks up the electronics..and I can't do any magic in front of muggles unless it's a life or death situation'.She nodded taking it all in.'Alright, before we do anything else there's something I wanna do for you, but we have to get away from all this technology, grab your swimsuit, lets head down to the pool in the basement, there's rarely any people down there'. We could hear no one in the damp change room. I withdrew my wand from my pocket and flicked it at the door, magically locking it so no one could just walk in. I had her lie down on the bench and placed my wand on her stomach. I winced as she struggled to lie down on the hard wood, I knew every ache from all her injuries and hated every one.I warned her this was a large amount of magic I was going to do, but whatever happened we'd both be OK, and it was entirely alright if I passed out or something from what I was going to try.My hands both glowed blue as I watched her try to shift, the pain was nearly unbearable for her. I placed both of my hands over top of my wand, using it as a focus and rested them on her stomach. I closed my eyes and breathed deeply. I could feel the familiar tingle as my magic swept into her. The tingle grew into an almost buzzing sensation, like every inch of my body was waking up with pins and needles, my head pounded louder with every heart beat. I heard her gasp and heard an unusual crunching noise from her shoulder, hip and hand as the bones reset properly and rehealed almost instantly. I could see white spots under my eyelids, flashing red with my pulse as the magic climaxed, until finally I grew overwhelmed and blacked out.I woke what must have been only a couple seconds later on the wet floor and sat up. She was sitting up herself and watching me with concern. I smiled.'How do you feel?''I'm fine, are you ok? What did you do?''Seriously...get up, and tell me how you feel.'She moved to slowly get up and frowned. She had braced her hands on her knees to ease the way, and found she no longer needed to. She stood to full height, and perhaps not just from my imagination, stood taller then before, her spine no longer in bad shape but fully healed.'Holy shit' I heard her curse and then smile.'I'm better!'She stretched her arms out and marveled at her hands which no longer ached and did a little half-jump.'Wanna go swimming now?' I asked giggling.'Fuck this pool, find me a river!' She laughed.I unlocked the door with my wand and held her hand, we smiled at each other as the world faded to black and squeezed us out.The week passed far too quickly, we had wandered through towns full of life and people, waded through streams, trekked through large fields of hay and wildflowers, and ran with the wind through the forest haunts of our childhoods. I've never seen her happier.She was out of breath often, having lost shape over the years from age and injury, but she seemed so determined to enjoy every second of time as though it was a limited time gift and any moment it would be snatched away.The night before I expected my letter I brought us back home to her apartment and we stayed up most of the night playing cards and drinking spiked coffee. We turned down the lights and she played her guitar while I made little fireworks from the tip of my wand.Come morning we had both fallen asleep on the couches in her living room when this horrible noise came from her balcony. Damn crow was tapping excitedly waiting for me to let it in. I groaned and pushed myself off the couch, as she sat up. 'Make coffee will ya? I gotta get this'She gave one confused glance at what she thought was a demented bird at the window and shrugged.I let the bird in and had it sit on the deep freezer while untying the scroll from its leg. There were two notes attached, one the beautiful scroll from Hogwarts, and another hastily scrawled note. I set the Hogwarts letter aside.'Hey mom, bring a bowl of water and some crackers would you? It's polite to feed the messenger'. I unwrapped the smaller note.'Leanna, hope this letter finds you well.Just found out from the council that you're back for the summer, and that they're sending you your Hogwarts letter, so I gave them this to add.Send me a letter back if you want to go fishing or something this summer.Joe Onestaff'I smiled and tucked the letter away and grabbed some paper to write a reply. I let him know I'd love to hang out sometime but I'd be going back to England tonight, wasn't sure exactly when I'd get back to Canada but I'd send him a note as soon as I returned.Mum set a dish of water and crackers next to the crow and I left the door open for it to leave when it was ready. We sat down for morning coffee while I unraveled the Hogwarts scroll and broke the seal.History of Magic: AcceptableCharms: OutstandingDefense Against the Dark Arts: Exceeds ExpectationsPotions: OutstandingTransfiguration: Exceeds ExpectationsHerbology: OutstandingAstronomy: Exceeds Expectations'Oh my god, I got an Outstanding in Potions, I'm never going to live this down!' I blushed hotly, though I knew I had well earned the marks.'Is that not good?' Mum asked confused.'Yeah...it's the best mark possible. It's like more then 100%' I handed her the scroll to see.She took it and looked more confused 'Then what's the matter?'I sighed..yeah now came the next piece of news. I suppose I should have let on sooner.'Yeah, there's another reason I have to go back to England this summer..I umm..met a guy'She continued to look bewildered but nodded for me to continue.'See the thing is...he's my Professor, for both Potions and Defense against the Dark Arts classes. And he's like really really hardcore strict, I'm not sure anyone has ever gotten an 'Outstanding' mark from him ever, so you know how that's gonna look'.She grinned.'It's not like that though! I swear! Potions is a lot like cooking and stuff, and you know how I love to cook, and know herbs and stuff so it was right up my alley, I earned this mark! But the rest of my classmates are gonna take the mickey out of me' I took in her blank look' That means they're gonna tease me ALOT' I laughed.'So what's he like?' I knew the question was coming, and sipped at my coffee considering how to answer.'He's a bit older, and he's got dark hair and eyes, big nose..he's not exactly what others call handsome' I sighed, how the hell could I describe him to others. Few knew him like I did.'He's very tall and...well..British if you know what I mean' I snickered.'He's not very good with people though, he's been through a lot' I let that thought settle for a moment.'He's the smartest man I've ever met though, he's absolutely brilliant, and a great wizard' She could tell just from the way I talked how much I admired him.I closed my eyes, thinking about him, imagining him in my head in the intimate views only I had seen of him. I missed him so much in just this short time.'Would you like to meet him?'
