Hi guys, I decided to try to write something longer again. I would appreciate some reviews and constructive criticism. I apologize for all the grammatical mistakes, whilst English isn't my first language.Have fun reading~!Draco sighted as he flipped paper page with a bored look on his face. He have read this book for so many times he could nearly repeat it. Draco loved the story, but he had nothing better to do. He couldn't leave his room at any condition, hundreds of spells blocking his way out.Things changed since he finished his sixth year. He never managed to even attend the seventh. The war raged in the summer, The Dark Lord was at his full power again ordering everyone around in a quick manner. He was rapid, but also correct in his strikes. Draco however was kept here without information of the world outside. Even the house elves, which brought him meals said nothing, silent under his father command.Draco stood up as the ground shook. He marched to his window, throwing the book on the ground. He moved the drapes and fell to the floor just before a red spell shot his widow, breaking the glass and sending sharp glass down on him. Draco moaned as one of the bigger shards sank into his shoulder. He grabbed it and pulled out quickly. He kneeled and carefully peered through the window. He felt wind on his face, as he watched the battlefield. Black and white silhouettes were fighting with each other, throwing spells everywhere. A heart-gripping fear rose in his chest, making it hard to breathe.They were losing to the light. Draco ran to his desk and grabbed his wand. He walked to the door and found it still sealed. He threw Bombarda on them, but nothing happened. He cursed under his breath. Suddenly one of the walls was smashed inside and Draco saw his aunt sitting up on the floor. She had bad cuts on her back and arm. Draco ran to her, carefully stepping into the rubble.Bellatrix looked at him surprised. "Rudolphus was supposed to get you out of here." Draco pushed the words away for now and began healing the wound. He tried to be as quick as he could. His aunt took him by the arm, when he finished and moved inside the room. "You stay here and wait. Protect yourself at all costs, I have to leave now and help. Worry not, everything will be fine.""Where is dad?" He managed to ask, but his aunt turned into the black silhouette and shot from the room leaving his completely alone. Soon Draco found first enemy land in the room. The man looked at him surprised. Draco shot Avada before his enemy made a move.Protect yourself at all costs.He wanted to survive and to see his father and mother again. Dying his was the last thing he wanted to do. He moved to the door again trying to break the barriers. He heard a swift could behind his back and he dodged the spell. He stood eye-to-eye with Madeye. What an irony."Malfoy." He spit out, when he saw a dead body on the ground. "This will be your last day.""No." He answered as he furrowed his brows. He cast a quick distracting spell and blew the wall next to him. He jumped into the corridor and stroke down. His lungs were burning, desperate for oxygen.There was a place he would be safe in, the room the Dark Lord met with his followers. Only those with the mark would be able to enter. He turned once and twice, thanking for no injuries. He reached the door in mere minutes of running and dodging spells. Many Death Eaters on the way protected him.He quickly slipped in and closed the doors behind. He panicked when he heard a clicking sound which made him flinch. The door was locked by someone else."Crabbe, Goyle?" He called out, his voice shaking. His friends would hide here also, that's what they were taught. No one answered. It was dark inside, he couldn't see the silhouettes of furniture yet. Draco made one step forward. He looked down as his boot made a wet sound, when it touched the ground.Blood was covering the floor and Draco squeaked. It was all around him. His wand fell to the ground unconsciously. A chuckle from within made him shiver. "Finally our pretty prince. Those two were so ugly, I didn't even want to mess with them." Draco turned to the door and began pushing and pulling trying to open them desperately. Quickly he whispered every opening spell he knew. Even blowing up the walls didn't help. "No need to hurry, everyone think you're safe here."Draco heard a thudding closer and closer. To his horror his saw Crabbe's head rolling his way. He backed a few steps, his hand still touching a wall. He stopped suddenly, hitting someone else.He turned around just to see a big man, who towered above him. He felt his heartbeat fasten. Draco never felt so scared in his life. He tried to run away, but the enemy was quicker as he grabbed the blonde's wrist. "Screams will be of no use to you. Be good and you'll live. As my slave, but it's still something."Draco finally managed to raise his sight and recognized the man before him. It was one of the Death Eaters. "Why?" He asked desperately."Because Light promised you to me, my little prince." He smiled widely, insane look in his eyes. "Your father should have accepted my offer."Draco was pushed to the wet ground. Seconds later the man pinned the teenager down. Draco tried to pushed him as soon as he felt a wet tongue on his neck. He felt disgusted, blood was soaking in his clothes and hair. Draco tried opposing. With satisfaction he sank his nails in man's cheek, leaving parallel cuts.The man wince and smacked the blonde with his hand in the head. He grabbed his hair and smacked his head on the floor. Draco felt his vision black out for a moment. When he could see again the man was holding his hand with a smile. "First rule bitch- don't ever try to oppose me, otherwise you'll be punished."He murmured a spell and Draco screamed as the first nail was ripped from his finger. One after another his nails landed on the ground. He didn't know in which point he began crying. He closed his eyes and took calming breaths, trying not to sob.He was afraid and he desperately wanted someone to stop the man. When his hands were released, both nail less, he pulled them close. He felt hands slip under his robes, caressing his body. Draco opened his eyes and looked around only to see the corpses lying on the ground in pieces. His throat and stomach clenched. His heart shattered at the sight of his best friends.He was too afraid to scream though. His voice died in his throat which was already strained.Hands swiftly undid his robes, exposing his pale chest. "Soon you'll be mine." His trousers were ripped off quickly as the man hurried. Draco turned his sight to the door, looking at it pleadingly. No one appeared though.Draco clenched his jaw and tried to push the man away with his hands. Once again he was smacked."I'll teach you what to do with your hands." The man roared at him. He grabbed his wrist violently. His hand rose and a knife appeared. He sank it in Draco's hand who screamed as the knife cut through his palm, pinning it to the floor. "You want me to do the same with the other?"Draco shook his head quickly and the man smiled. The blonde closed his eyes, feeling large hands on his nipples, which soon were squeezed. He hated the feeling, he wanted the man to let go. In his mind he prayed for someone to come and save him. He was never so afraid in his life.The man unbuttoned his trousers and took out his member, which was rock hard. Draco turned his head as he heard the man move closer. "Open your eyes." He demanded and Draco obeyed. He looked at the penis above himself. He was terrified now. From the beginning he knew where this was going, but still he didn't want the thought to reach his brain.Now he was completely aware of the whole situation. The member was forced into his mouth violently as the man began moving his hips, thirsting further and further, making him choke. Draco was trembling. He felt disgusted with himself.Soon his throat was released and he took a deep, desperate breath. He knew what was coming next. His mind was screaming for someone to save him. His whole body hurt, especially his hands.Although Malfoys' never begged.He was, however, more and more desperate with every passing minute. The man moved back to his lower parts and Draco began struggling to keep him away with all the power he had lost. With the corner of his eye he saw his wand, covered in blood. With his free hand he reached for it and his fingers touched the wood. In the same moment a heavy boot smashed his hand, breaking bones inside. Draco let out a short scream, he was too tired to scream anymore.He lost his last chance."You little piece of shit. I'll teach you who is the master here." He pulled the knife out of his hand. Draco moaned weakly. He was turned on his stomach. Blood covered hair stack to his face. He felt his legs being pushed apart violently. When he was tore apart the blonde moaned loudly, but his limbs felt too heavy to do anything.Draco closed his eyes tiredly. Malfoy had no energy left and he knew he was going to die. He couldn't even reach for his wand as he was raped by the man, who suddenly stopped. "Don't be quiet!" He said and smacked Draco in the ribs, who let out only a soft whimper.The man hit him again and again, moving inside fast and aggressive. Draco's mind began slipping away. "You don't want to?"In a second the man moved out and grabbed his jaw and pushed it open. He grabbed his tongue and pulled it out. Draco's eyes widened as the blade cut the muscles in half. He began shaking, moaning and whimpering, tears streaming down his cheeks as he closed his mouth, feeling it fill with hot, metallic blood.Traitor forced himself upon him again and began moving. He felt warm cum spill inside him. Draco felt dirty and sick.Suddenly he heard something odd. Cheering. His heart sunk all of his hope disappearing. The man stood up as Draco opened his eyes and unlocked the door.They lost.The door opened and for a minute everything was still as the chandelier lit up. Draco watched as his Lord shot him a quick glance and stunned the man still standing there petrified. Draco felt relieved somehow."Draco!" He heard his father, who shot to him in a minute. He opened his mouth, but only blood flew out, making him cough. His Lord was there a minute later. Everything was silent. "Just a minute little one, everything will be fine."Golden light shone upon him from the wands of the wizards. His father was transferring energy to his Lord's wand. Only one medic could cast a spell upon the patient. It was lethal if more did that. His aunt was there a minute later joining his father. Draco opened his mouth trying to say something, but he began coughing again.He felt a hand in his hair and he shivered, but the touch was gentle. He looked at his godfather, trying to soothe him with a worried look. The Dark Lord moved his wand to his mouth. Draco tried to jerk away, but the hands that earlier caressed him, now were holding him firm.He felt pain for a few minutes, then it stopped and the light died down. Draco felt a bitter taste of a potion on his tongue, but he knew he couldn't spit it out. He heard somebody speak, but he couldn't recognize the words. His eyes closed as he fainted.He woke up in a strange place. He sat up and looked around the bedroom, which was plain white. He looked at the human form sitting beside him. His mother smiled warmly at him and she stretched out her hand."Mum?" Draco spoke quietly. A hand touched his cheek, but it was cold.
