Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, nor will I profit from the publishing of this story. J.K. Rowling owns the rights to Harry Potter, while I own a lovely oscillating.A/N: First and foremost, Hermione and Tom will be somewhat OOC in this story. I just want to put that on the table because I recognize it. Tom, no matter how he seems at times, is still a bit dark, just not in the same obvious way he is in most stories. If you're looking for the average evil! Tom Riddle, this is not the story for you.The story takes place in a magical alternative universe where Tom grew up with his parents. That's the only thing I'll say at this point.I wrote this a year ago, so the writing style might change in future chapters.Lastly, I do not have a beta for this story, so I apologize for any grammatical errors.How They MetThe bell above the shop's door chimed announcing a visitor to the small Willowyth bookstore. Now, this might seem like a normal occurrence with it being a shop and all. One would expect costumers, right?Wrong!Questions and Answers wasn't a particularly busy bookstore. Not that the proprietress had known this before spending the last of her savings on it. Owning a bookstore had been her dream, so she purchased the little shop, in a small town, and now found herself practically penniless. The store barely broke even, which was sad considering the miniscule amount of her mortgage. This should have been a red flag. The United Kingdom was a costly country to live inif you wanted to do it well. However, it was nothing compared to the Wizarding world. Someone at the top of the wizarding hierarchy, probably a pureblood, was under the impression that you could just conjure up money with magic. News flash, you couldn't. So she was aware it was expensive to live in her beloved country. And yet, she'd been so high on dreams filled with leather bound parchment that she hadn't considered that maybe, just maybe, there was a reason she could purchase a bookstore with the money in her savings. Or perhaps the English witch assumed that Wales was much less expensive than England. Who knows? It was more than likely that damn, rash Gryffindor trait had gotten her into this mess. And thus whenever the little bell above the door chimed, her head would pop up like a dog on the scent of bone, her tail practically waging for a treat. And she needed a treat, a shiny one that would pay the bills and leave her with a little to spend on herself.Hermione's brown eyes followed a mop of black hair as it roamed around the small space. She couldn't see his face from her position at the counter in the front, but he was tall, slender and seemed to be impeccably dressed. She did notice, as per her job, that he didn't look at the books for long. He picked one up, opened the cover, turned it around, and replaced it on the shelf. This was never a good sign. Maybe she was jumping to conclusions. He hadn't been in the shop for long. She would give him a couple of minutes before making herself known.Not much laterGreat, he's browsing, Hermione thought grumpily after watching him for all of five minutes. He was probably one of those rich pureblood snobs, who came to Willowyth for a bit of lark. Either that or he was wasting time while waiting for someone. It would not be the first time Q&A; had been used as a rendezvous point. Well, he was either going to purchase something or leave her property. This wasn't a library.Sliding off the stool, Hermione shook out her black broom skirt, straightened her back, and made her way over to the gentleman.oooTen short bookshelves made up five rows and took up most of the space in Questions & Answers. Four wooden tables, a few shabby, but comfortable looking chairs and an even shabbier couch made up a little sitting area after the last row of shelves. At least that's what he'd noticed in the few minutes it had taken him to walk down the aisle that separated the shelves on each row. Small, neat, and shabby were the first words that came to Tom Riddle's mind after his perusal of the little shop. The place looked clean, if little worse for wear, and he hoped that he might be able to find some quality books for a decent price. Although so far he'd realize the prices were on par with that of Flourish and Blotts. One would think that anyone deciding to open a bookstore in Willowyth would sell their books at a fraction of the price as stores in Hogsmeade and Diagon Alley. Hell, the prices should be less than the shops in Knockturn Alley.Tom picked up another book from the shelf. It was brown with red writing and looked as if it had seen better days. He scanned the title, Transfiguring Liquids by Maurice Bottwater. "Interesting," he murmured, turning the book over and looking at the price. Thirty-five galleons! How ridiculous. Yes, the book was written by a master of transfigurations and was extremely advanced, so advanced that very few people could actually accomplish the tasks within. This book wasn't just about transfiguring coffee into tea, but delved into complicated subject of changing liquids into solids. It was the last lecture given in advanced Transfigurations during seventh year at Hogwarts and a brief one at that. Tom wasn't surprised the book was expensive, it was worth it; nevertheless, this copy wasn't. The spine was creased and the cover's edges were somewhat frayed. Whoever owned this shop must gouge their prices because it was the only bookstore in Willowyth. Not that there was much in the small, Welsh, wizarding seaside town to begin with. Although there'd been a rumor going around for a few years now that the town would soon be as busy as Hogsmeade. "Yeah right," he snorted, returning the book back to his shelf."Is there something I can help you with?"Tom started at the sound of the feminine voice behind him. It was soft, a bit posh, and definitely not Welsh. It lacked the lyrical quality of a Welsh accent, which surprised him. Not that there was anything wrong with Wales. It was a beautiful country. It was just that English witches and wizards rarely came here because there wasn't a large population of wizards in Wales. In his estimation there were probably no more than fifty Welsh wizards in the whole of the United Kingdom.So why did an English witch own a bookstore in Wales? Tom was certain she must be the proprietress. If she wasn't, then she was at least related to the owner. He could tell from looking at the pitiful shop that the owner wouldn't be able to afford employees.Tom turned around and stared down at a small witch with riotous chestnut curls, a small nose, full pink lips, and a clear peaches and cream complexion. She was pretty, with a slightly stubborn chin, and round, brown doe eyes, which were currently staring at him curiously."Sir, is there something I can help you with?" She repeated, looking up at him. "Are you looking for something in particular?""No, I was just browsing." She gave an audible sigh, to which Tom raised a fine brow at."My apologies," she sighed, again. Her cheeks flushed prettily. "My mother would be appalled." She smiled in a self-deprecating manor, and shrugged. Her small shoulders seemed to say, 'go figure'. "Well, I will be up at the front if you change your mind."Tom watched as she began to turn. "Wait, I was," he cleared his throat, "hoping that you had a discount section." He could feel his face wanting to flush, but he was Tom Riddle and therefore he didn't flush. Being broke was a damned nuisance. After four years, he still wasn't used to it.This time it was she who raised an eyebrow. Her lips slightly thinned as she folded her arms across her chest. "Why would you think that my shop would have a discount section?"I knew it, he thought. He was always correctfor the most part. "I didn't mean to offend." He assured her and paused, waiting for her to give the requisite negative."You didn't offend me," she tried to convince him, but another tale, tale blush was making itself up her cheeks."Good, I meant no offense.""But the place is a little shabby," she conceded. "So I suppose one would get the impression that this is a discount store, even if the prices are less than the stores in Hogsmeade or Diagon Alley.""Oh?""Yes, the second hand books are ten to fifteen dollars less than any store in England, so in a sense it is a discount bookstore. The book you're holding is one of my most expensive books, but seeing as its second hand," she pointed to the few wayward strands at the bottom of the cover, "I cut the price almost in half."Tom looked down at the book skeptically. "So in essence you're saying that this book would be seventy galleons at Flourish and Blotts.""More like fifty, being that it's a second edition."Tom stared at the book anew. A second edition Maurice Bottwatter for thirty-five galleons was a steal indeed. Unfortunately, seeing as he only had forty galleons, he couldn't spend it all on one book. Besides, this was all the money he had. "Well, that is a bargain. Unfortunately, it's not really what I was looking for. He said, and turned away from the proprietress to put the book back on the shelf."I see," Hermione said. And she did see, although it was hard to believe that the well-dressed gentlemen standing in front of her couldn't easily shell out thrity-five galleons for a book. He was dressed in a navy sports coat that was tailored perfectly over his large shoulders, a white oxford shirt, and khakis. He looked as if he had just popped over from Cambridge, where he studied business or international law, careers that were respectable for the son of a wealthy aristocrat. Of course that would mean that he was a muggle, which he wasn't. So that left pureblood, and yet she doubted that by his lack of funds. Pureblood wizard were usually flush with cash, although there was a first time for everything. Still, he carried himself as a man who knew he could get what he wanted just by raising a dark brow. This was a man who was assured of his place in the world.With his classic movie star looks it was easy to see why he wouldn't lack confidence. Hermione had been around beautiful men before, but the one in front of her practically took her breath away. His slightly tousled raven hair set off cornflower blue eyes that sat above majestic cheekbones, a slim nose, and somewhat full lips. He had the kind of flawless skin that one usually only saw on airbrushed models in cosmetic ads. He was lightly tanned, as if it his skin had been teased by the sun, and Hermione was certain the results were accomplished with a potion. Tom was British and it was barely April, an easy deduction, plus his tan was too perfect to be natural.So why was a man who dressed to perfection and acted as if he could purchase anything he desired on a whim, shopping for bargain books?Did it matter? Not really, but she was bored. It was quite lonely in her little bookstore with the lack of customers. She'd been such a fool to purchase this shop without researching the area better, but she'd fallen in love with it and the small village on first sight. Hermione hadn't come to Wales to purchase a bookstore. She'd been on a holiday, a holiday that she now regretted."Miss," Tom inquired, pulling Hermione from her maudlin thoughts."Pardon?""I asked if you were unwell.""Yes, I meant no. I'm," she sighed, and pushed the curls back from her face, "would you like a spot of tea?"Tom blinked, now this was unexpected."I know it's a bit odd, but" she trailed off lamely. What, she was bored, so she just decided to ask a perfect stranger if he'd like to join her for tea? This was not like her. Get it together Granger, she chided. "Never mind, you came to look for books, and I need to sell one or two today. So let me-""I'd like tea, as long as I can get your name with it."Her cheeks pinked, "Its Granger I meant, Hermione, Hermione Granger."He held out his hand to her, "Riddle, Thomas Riddle."Hermione put her small hand into his much larger one, and said "It's nice to meet you Mr. Riddle," and felt her world begin shift. Little did she realize how quickly the shift would occur."So, how do you like Willowyth," Tom asked, settling into a chair across from Hermione."I love it. It's wonderful little town and the residents are very friendly." She said, taking a sip of Earl Grey. She loved the smell of bergamot and lemons. It soothed her senses almost as much as the smell of parchment and leather."Do you live here or apparate in daily?""I live here.""And you like it?"Hermione was in the process of raising the cup to her mouth, but paused at the blatant skepticism in his tone. Why was he skeptical? She knew the town wasn't anything to rave about, but it was quaint, the people were kind, and it was a lot less chaotic than Diagon Alley or Hogsmeade. She didn't answer his question, but posed her own. "Where do you live?""London.""Ah, I see.""Do you," he said raising an eyebrow."There are a lot of entertainments in London. Someone who enjoys a faster lifestyle wouldn't understand why someone would enjoy living in Willowyth." She took another sip of her tea, and placed the cup and saucer on the little round wooden table between them.Tom opened his mouth to reply but paused in thought. Did he enjoy the entertainments in London? Not especially, although when he was finished working, he often liked to go to the pub near his apartment for a pint beer or a glass of scotch. He enjoyed fine dining, the opera, soirees, and the occasional ball. The balls weren't always located in London, and he only attended those thrown by the most influential hostesses in Europe. Mostly, he enjoyed being close to people who would always pick up the tab for various entertainments. He may not be flush with cash at the moment, but his pedigree was exceptional. As Slytherin's hair, he was invited everywhere and rarely had to reach into his own pockets."I often partake in the many entertainments London has to offers, but I enjoy reading a good book in a quiet space more. So I suppose I could see why someone who surrounds herself with books would prefer living in a quieter setting. But surely you must get out on occasion.""There are small entertainments to be had here. I assure you, Mr. Riddle, that this isn't a convent. There are assemblies, poetry readings, plays, and picnics when the weather permits.""Sounds," he searched his vast vocabulary for an appropriate word, but only came up with, "quaint.""It is." Hermione smiled, brown eyes sparkling. She seemed to be looking somewhere beyond him, to a place that held secrets that only she knew. It was marked change from the women he'd first laid eyes on ten minutes ago. Tom wanted to know what she knew. He was curious that way. Always seeking knowledge that others had and then learning more. He was always the smartest person in the room. But here, in this shabby little bookstore, sitting on this second hand furniture, he felt as if he didn't know nearly as much as the lovely young woman sitting across from him."Mr. Riddle?" She asked suddenly, her voice cautious."Yes?""How long are you in town?""I'm only here for today.""Really? How did you hear about my shop?""An associate suggested it to me.""Someone you work with," she asked, reaching for her tea cup.Tom swallowed the last of his tea before replying, "no, I don't have co-workers. I work alone.""What do you do, if you don't mind my asking?" She added the last in a rush.Tom didn't like discussing his career choice or the reason for his lack of quid. They were not one and the same. Tom was wealthy, exceedingly so, it was just too damn bad he couldn't touch a single sickle or pound, which meant he had to work. Tom often didn't understand why someone with his NEWT scores had chosen to tread the path he was currently on. But the truth was simple; he didn't like taking orders from anyone. Thomas Marvolo Riddle was a natural born leader and nothing under the sun would change that. Especially not bending to his Uncle Morfin's will. His uncle and un-dearly departed father where the reasons behind his current money woes.The silence stretched and Hermione wondered if perhaps he was into something illegal. She hoped not. He seemedwell, nice would be too strong a wordintelligent. And even if he was involved in illegal activities they sure weren't lucrative. He was in her bookstore looking for discounted books after all. No, he wasn't into anything illegal. Perhaps he was stripper? He was bloody gorgeous, so he could be. No, strippers usually made good money from what she'd learned on a talk show, although they had been women, perhaps men didn't make as much. Hermione chewed over the thought before casting it away. No, he couldn't be a stripper. He'd definitely be, as the Americans say, rolling in the dough. Where there even wizard strippers? She looked at his lips, too bad. She'd consider-"I'm a tutor," Tom said, disrupting her thoughts."Oh," Hermione said feeling slightly let down. God, what was she thinking? She, Hermione Granger, the logical, good girl was having thoughts of a sexual nature about a complete stranger. She really needed to shag someone soon. It had beena very long time. "Tha-that's wonderful," she said feeling her cheeks warm. Stop blushing, stop blushing."I wouldn't say that it was wonderful, but it pays the bills.""I would. You're helping to shape young minds. That's a noble occupation."He snorted, nobble occupation, indeed.  As if helping some snot nosed kids prepare for Hogwarts was something to brag about. He needed an out. He needed to get control of his inheritances, well at least the one from his father. Morfin would have to die in order for him to get Salazar's. Tom was sorely tempted to make the latter happen. He was twenty-nine years old for Merlin's sake. He had a year to fulfill the terms of his father's will or lose everything."I see you don't agree.""Perhaps if I was a professor, but I tutor those who have yet to receive their Hogwarts letters. Although I do tutor the occasional dunce over the summer break.""Just because one doesn't learn fast doesn't mean they're a dunce."He placed his teacup on the table between them, "spoken like a true Gryffindor.""Sneered like a Slytherin.""A true Slytherin," he added with a wink. "McGonagall must have loved you.""And what if she did?" Hermione said prissily.Tom held up his hands in supplication, "just making an observation.""I was her favorite student, as I'm sure you were Slughorn's.""Guilty." Tom ceded, not adding that he was almost every teacher's favorite. He was surprised to be enjoying their conversation, as silly as it was, which was so unlike him. But she was a pretty witch, with a quick wit, and highly intelligent, if her confirmation about being the old bags favorite was anything to go by. It was rare to find a witch with beauty and brains. So rare that he was beginning to wonder what it would be like to bed the woman in front of him. Would they discuss arithmancy post coitus?"Would you like more tea, Mr. Riddle?""No, I'd like something else.""Oh?""Something sweet," Tom replied, eyes raking slowly down her frame.Hermione's eyes widened. He couldn't be suggestingno, he hadn't even brought her dinner. She'd only met him an hour ago, probably less than that and he was suggesting She should tell him to get out, to leave and never return. How dare he? She was indignant, well, she tried to be. But it was hard when every place his eyes touched felt like a physical caress. Her nipples hardened beneath her shirt and liquid began to pool in her panties making her want to squirm. Who exactly was Thomas Riddle, and what the hell was he doing to her? She would think it was a spell, but she knew it wasn't. It had just been so longand she was bored. Was boredom a fair reason to have sex with a stranger? She was about to find out.Hermione waved her wand in a series of complicated movements, triggering the closing wards system, and stood. "I think I have some cookies up stair." She turned and walked towards the back of the room without pausing to see if he followed.He did.OooSix hours, thirty minutes, eighteen seconds, five orgasms, two bottles of wine, a box of leftover takeout, and three debates about Runes later, Hermione sighed contentedly against Tom's chest."A sickle for your thoughts," Tom asked into Hermione's damp curls."It's just odd. I've never, ever, done anything like this before.""Done anything like what: shag a perfect stranger, have multiple orgasms, eat takeout in bed, consume two bottles of wine in one sitting, or be proven wrong?"She elbowed him in the side. "You did not prove me wrong, I'll have you"Tom leaned in and kissed Hermione, effectively cutting of what was sure to be a tedious lecture on how smart she was and that her views were as valid as his, and how they couldn't prove his theories because they hadn't tested them. He'd tested them of course, but as she hadn't been present she didn't necessarily believe him. Oh, but she wasn't calling him a liar either. He smirked, as his tongue slid along her bottom lip. She tasted like berries, up top and down below. He could write a dissertation on how good she tasted.Hermione mewed in pleasure like a little kitten, which made his cock harden. She was tight, so unbearably tight that he knew she had very little sexual experience. If Tom had his way, and he would, she wouldn't be touched by another until he was finished with her. He had the oddest feeling that that would never happen. He knew that she would keep him satisfied for years. Her beauty, intelligence, innocence, and wit combined to make a remarkable witch."Mia," he breathed pulling up from the kiss."Mia," Hermione echoed, "I don't know if I like that.""How about this," he said and sucked a rosy nipple into his mouth, before biting down on the tip.Hermione gasped, and loss track of thought for the rest of the night.Four more orgasms, five hours, twenty-three minutes, and ten seconds of sleep later"What time is it?" Hermione yawned, sitting up in the small double bed. She looked over at Tom. He was sitting on the edge of the bed in his slacks and shirt.He turned to her, "eight o'clock.""Shit, I need to open the store." Hermione moved to the edge of the bed and stood up. "But first I need to take show and air this room out.""What's wrong with it?" Tom asked innocently."It smells like-""Sex," he smirked, and reached for her. Tom pulled her naked body flush against his clothed one. His fingers slid up and down her backside. "We should bottle this smell. I bet we'd make millions.""Eau De Sex," Hermione said, pretending to think, "I like it. It has a certain je ne sais quoi. What do you think Junior?" Hermione smiled at his sour expression. She kissed him lightly on the lips. "What, you did say that you were named after your father."He slapped her hard on the bum, "cheeky witch,"Ouch," she cried and then moaned when began rubbing circles against her reddening backside."I also told you that I disliked the name.""Why, I sort of like it.""Sort of?""I like Junior better."He growled."How about J.R. for Just Riddle.""I think I prefer Junior," he grouched, not believing he was going to let her call him that."So there we have it, Mia and Jr."Shouldn't it be Jr. and Mia? J does come before M, Mia."She ignored him, "Mia and Jr. present Eau De Sex perfume, a fragrance that will keep you up all night.""We'd make millions.""I'd settle for a hundreds of thousands." She sighed. "I really need to open the store. I might just have a customer today-one who'll actually purchase something." She said eyeing him accusingly."I did purchase something." He said gripping her waist tightly.She raised an eyebrow."You." He said without the slightest hint of amusement in his voice."I didn't know I was a commodity.""You weren't, until I decided it.""You are very sure of yourself Jr.""I am always sure of myself Mia. But what I'm not sure of is what you're willing to do to get out the mess you're in.""What mess," Hermione said, beginning to pull away, but was halted by his hands on her waste."You can't afford to keep running this store like it is." Tom let her slip from his fingers, and watched hypnotized by her curves as she retrieved a pink, silk robe from the back of her bedroom door and slipped it on.Hermione tied the belt, affectively shutting off his view of her body, before facing him. "And how do you know what I can and cannot afford?"Tom picked up a thick brown folder from the nightstand and tossed it on the bed.Hermione to gasped, "You read through my ledger. How dare""Before you say something you'll regret""I seriously doubt that I'll regret anything I say to a man who took it upon himself to snoop in my belongings"He sneered, "I do not snoop.""Then what the hell do you call it," Hermione practically yelled. She felt violated. She knew it was stupid to feel betrayed by someone she'd known less than twenty-four hours, but she did. There was just something about Tom. It was like they'd known each other in a past life. She'd never clicked with anyone the way she had with him."Do. Not. Raise. Your. Voice. At. Me." Tom said, accentuating each word with a precision that cut like a knife. His eyes began to darken in anger. "I want to help you," he raised a hand when she began to interrupt, "you told me last night there were some issues. I wanted to know what exactly they were."Tom rose from the bed and approached Hermione who stood frowning at him. She hadn't like the coldness in his tone, but it didn't surprise her. She wasn't sure why, but it didn't. Why was that? This was strange, this entire situation was strange. She'd hopped into a bed with a man she barely knew, and yet she felt more comfortable with him than she'd felt with any man she'd dated in the past.Hermione didn't pull away when Tom placed his smooth palm against her chin and raised her head so that she was looking up at him."There's something between us Mia, something I can't quit describe, but it almost feels as if I were meant to come here on the day that I did. Like this was meant to be, we were meant to be.""I don't believe in prophesy.""Then believe in me."Hermione blinked, unable to handle the intensity in azure gaze. "I-""Let me help you, my Mia.""H-how?""I have a proposal for you?"Hermione scrunched up her forehead in thought, "a proposal?""Yes, marry me.""That sounded like a command."He brought his lips against hers, "It was."Thanks for reading.
