Rhya Farren woke with a throbbing headache. The room was rather dark, or maybe her eyes weren't quite all the way open. It was hot as well. Burning hot. She began to focus, and she jolted from the surprise.She was chained.She pulled against her restraints, but the chains merely clinked against the chair. She grunted. Her head throbbed even more.She considered yelling for help, but didn't. She jerked her hands again, but nothing happened. She saw a lock, and hope swam through her.Alomohora.Nothing."Alomohora!"Nothing.She slouched against the chair. Why do we HAVE to have wands to do anything?"Not working?" Came a voice.Rhya looked to the shadows and saw a faint outline. She squinted. She knew that voice. From the shadows, a Death Eater materialized. He wore a mask, but Rhya was sure of who it was."Oh, don't mind me." Came Lucius' voice as he removed the mask. "It's quite amusing watching you try to escape.""Kidnapping teenagers is what Voldemort likes to do now?" She smirked. "I think he's just desperate.""For what?""More power. But how weak it makes him appear that he has to attack, and possibly kill, a young girl.""Good. You already know your fate, but I'm sure if you're cooperative, he will allow you to live.""Only if I choose to be a Death Eater, I'm assuming.""How intelligent you are." He smiled."Who would want to follow someone so weak?"His eyes flashed darkness. "Weak?" He stepped closer to her, towered over her. "You better watch your tongue.""Or what? You'll cut it out?"In a flash, his wand was in his hand and pointed at her jaw."Lucius!" Came a low hiss. Rhya watched as his dark eyes turned to fear. He let go of her neck and backed away."My lord.""Do not fall for her tricks." Her expression changed to surprise. "She wanted you to cut out her tongue, because she fears what all secrets she will tell me, in the end." He smiled to her.She stared at him. His eyes seemed terribly inhuman."Please forgive me, my lord." Lucius backed to the wall."The renowned Rhya Farren, here in my dungeon of torture. What an honor to have such a gifted witch among us."Renowned? She thought. She never considered Voldemort the complimenting type. He took out his wand and stood over her. Gently, he placed his wand's tip on her arm.Her heart beat fast within her ears. He whispered to his wand, and pain immediately coursed through her arm. She grunted. Slowly, he pulled it down the length of her elbow to her wrist. A swollen, red mark greeted her eyes as he pulled away from her."Yes, we have much to discuss."She stared up to him, feeling rather small. She was the prisoner to Voldemort and his Death Eaters"Now, Rhya, if you answer my simple question, I will remove the chains. Fair enough?"She didn't respond.He paused awaiting a reply he would never receive. He merely smiled. "Tell me about Old Magic. Or do you call it Pure Magic? Whichever, I wish to learn about it."She didn't answer.He sighed. "Let's try this again." He whisked his wand in the air, stated something inaudible, and Rhya immediately saw a red mark on her other arm, and release a scream from the pain. Voldemort moved his wand, and the mark followed the stroke."Tell me what you know about Pure Magic."He stopped with the curse, and she tightly gripped the arm of her chair. Her breathing was heavy now.He paused, but she gave no answer. "Nagini."The large snake slithered into the room, and fear ate at Rhya's heart. She could handle werewolves and dragons, but snakes- no. She couldn't stand their curved fangs, and how they bite into their victims."One bite from Nagini, and you'd be dead within minutes. I have the antidote for her poison, but only if you tell me what I want to know."Rhya didn't dare look away from the snake. It came closer to her. She attempted to move her legs out of reach, but they were also chained tightly to the chair.Nagini struck.The fangs sunk into Rhya's calf. She closed her eyes and waited for the agonizing pain.The snake pulled away. She opened her eyes, and glanced from the snake to Voldemort. Seconds passed, and she didn't feel any pain. A solid minute passed.Voldemort shifted slightly with a puzzled look. "You're immune?" She glared at him completely as puzzled as he. "How did you get your immunity?"She had no words.
