Albus Dumbledore was sitting in his office thinking about things. Voldemort was back and he knew that he had to stop him but Albus was also thinking about himself when he was young. In some ways you could say that Dumbledore was like Voldemort. Not in all ways. Albus had changed over the years. Now he was leading the Order again to stop Voldemort once and for all. There had to be a better way. War was not the answer but he didn't see any way around it.Tom had changed so much from his school days. Albus had kept a close eye on him. What with Tom not having a family but truth be told Albus wanted to watch out for him. Now look at Tom and what he had become. Albus had wondered if he could have done anything to prevent it when heard a knock on the door. He had an idea who it could be. None of the other staff was here yet as it was summer break. Most wouldn't get here until it was closer to school starting. So it had to be Minerva. Someone he trusted a lot with anything.She would understand. After all she was a teacher that was dealing with the same thing almost. It true Peter became a Death Eater for his own gain but at the same time he may have been afraid but that was hardly the case. Minerva walked in without waiting for an answer. She needed to talk to Albus about some school stuff. "Albus what's on your mind?" asked Minerva. She could tell that he was in deep in thought. They had known each other since her own school days here when he was her professor not boss."Just thinking about Tom and the way that he turned out. Also about the way that I was at one point in my life" said Albus. "Albus you're a good man that has made mistake but no one is prefect. We have all been there at one point in our lives. As for Tom all we can do is teach them and hope for the best. We can't decide which path they will take in life. It is up to them not us. All we can do is guide them" said Minerva. Albus knew that she was right. It made him feel better. "You're right" said Albus. Minerva knew that she was but she wasn't one to brag about that."So did you need something?" asked Albus. Sensing that she didn't just come up to talk. "Not really but I just finished up some work" said Minerva. Albus knew better than that. "Minerva you know you can tell me. You can't fool me. I was your professor" said Albus. Minerva knew that but how to go about what she was going to say. "Albus you know I go along with any teacher that you hire because if you feel that they are good enough then I don't question it much. But Dolores Jane Umbridge. What were you thinking?" asked Minerva.Albus chuckled at that. He knew that she would have something to say to that. Having worked at the Ministry. It was funny. "Minerva you know as well as I do that we needed a defense against the Dark Arts teacher and I couldn't find one that wanted the job. It is only for a year at this rate you know most don't last more than a year. So you won't have to deal with her for long. Please just keep out of her way" said Albus. Minerva didn't know wither to be mad about the chuckle or to smile at the fact that she would be staying out of Umbridge's way.She wasn't going to be anywhere near her if she could help it. "Alright Albus you are right. I will try to stay out of her way" said Minerva. Albus smiled real big. "Great Minerva. I knew that you would come around. Don't worry I don't think you will be seeing much of her" said Albus. Now he knew that Minerva wouldn't believe that and even he didn't believe that.
