Just a little something I'm posting to get this out of my head. He'd lived with the Dursleys almost seven years, seven miserable years, as long as he could remember, ever since he'd been a baby and his parents had abandoned him. He couldn't remember much about them abandoning him; it was almost as if it was all fuzzy. Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light and a burning pain on his forehead. He couldn't remember his parents at all. His aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask questions.There were no photographs of them in the house. The only time Harry ever heard anything about his parents was when his aunt was ranting about how both the freaks had left their freaky child with upstanding citizens instead of looking after the freak themselves.Harry James Potter was a child prodigy. At the tender age of only eight, he had more comprehension of than that of most adults. Harry had an IQ that was at least two hundred and ten  borderline two hundred and twenty, and he had eidetic memory, thus remember everything that he had ever felt, heard, said, smelt, tasted, read, seen as well as done. Harry knew that he was different. Harry was a loving and carefree person not to mention normal. The keyword in that paragraph is the word "WAS" Harry Potter WAS a child. Harry Potter WAS normal. Harry Potter WAS a loving person. Not anymore though.Harry James Potter was now a malicious, cunning person who was made due to his living circumstances. Harry James Potter was almost an empty shell; he was just biding his time until he could escape his prison. Almost like a certain occupant of Azkaban, he was waiting for the right time to strike, like a viper or a poisonous snake, Harry was waiting, slowly stalking his prey, in this case, his relatives.Harry was average height for an ten year old at about four foot something inches, and he had a slightly muscular build, well muscular for an ten year old (from running away from Dudley and lifting all the heavy books he read), with deep, dark red hair, it almost looked black with a copperish tint to it, and he wore horrid eyeglasses that were outdated by a few years or rather centuries.Harry also had very aristocratic and sharp features and a horrible lightning bolt scar on his forehead and had a scar that went from his left cheek to his throat, from Vernon Dursley, after Harry had shattered Dudley's right shoulder with his freak magic tricks. The weirdest feature of his was his eyes, they were a glowing mixture of green and violet, if that were ever possible, and they would change depending on his mood that day or what he was feeling. Lately they were always dark, reflecting the fact that he was feeling despair and loneliness as well as feeling dead inside.Along with his eyes changing colour, Harry's hair also seemed to be under his full control. He could change its colour when he felt like it and he could also change its length. Harry knew he wasn't normal and he basked in it. Because his magic was the only thing he had left.Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking as though he hadn't been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left 'to hide the horrible scar.' Dudley had laughed at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day, where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses. The next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off. He had been given a week in the cupboard under the stairs, or his sanctuary, for this and had been beaten for nearly twenty minutes. Harry had long since given up on trying to explain how these things happened and went with the flow.One time he'd gotten into terrible trouble for being found on the roof of the school kitchens. Dudley's gang had been chasing him as usual when, playing Harry Hunting, when he was cornered by them and before they could start beating him, he found himself on the roof. The Dursleys had received a very angry letter from Harry's headmistress telling them Harry had been climbing school buildings.Harry had never forgiven his "family" for taking all of their anger and fear out on him, but Harry had to thank them for that, because of them he became the person he was, merciless, aggressive, cunning, subtle, some would even go as far as to call him evil. Once the Dursley's had started spreading rumors about their 'demented and deranged nephew' Harry decided that he had nothing more to lose and that he would act the part, if he couldn't change their minds he would play the part and earn his title.The first time he came home with a perfect mark in everything at school he was beaten and beaten until he could barely remain conscious, and once he did regain consciousness he was in a hospital, with his relatives claiming that their 'demented and deranged nephew' had tried to commit suicide when he realized that he was worthless. That alone marked the beginning of Harry Potter's descent into Darkness.Harry could feel power coursing through him, his thunderbolt scar no longer ached and it felt like a weight was lifted off of him. Although Harry felt as if he had someone else's memories because he had all of this knowledge at his disposal oh the Dursleys' were in for one hell of a time!**********HPaBoD**********Harry was soon to be eleven and he was actually excited. It was on the twenty-sixth of July when Harry received a letter from somebody. Harry waited until later that night to open the letter in the sanctuary of his room, which was actually Dudley's old room which Harry had nicked after scaring the fat fuckers into submission.HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYHeadmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc, Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump,International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall, Deputy HeadmistressHogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry((((()))))((((()))))((((()))))((((()))))((((()))))((((()))))((((()))))((((()))))((((()))))((((()))))((((()))))((((()))))((((()))))((((()))))So there was a reason why he was different and there were more people like him that went to a school definitely not what Harry had expected, but not completely unfound though. All of a sudden Harry felt a flow of knowledge about Hogwarts flow through his brain and he immediately understood what it meant and what he was expected to do. One thing that Harry couldn't understand is who Tom Marvolo Riddle was and what his memories were doing in his head.
