Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. I tried to stick as much as I could to the facts of the Wizarding World and spent quite a bit of time consulting various sources. However, some things are changed to benefit the plot line. Everything about the Wizarding World of Harry Potter belongs to J.K. Rowling.He shuffled up to her, his head bowed towards the ground with one hand stuffed in his pocket. He looked almost like a Demi-God in that moment she thought to herself. The light from the massive windows lit his hair making it shimmer in different hues, the sun on it's descent left shadows across his cheekbones and bathed half his face in shadow. If anything it accentuated his aristocratic features even more. Slowly, she glanced away, clearing her head from the thoughts that filled her mind. She should have known right then that something was amiss, a Malfoy never shuffles.A shadow crossed her visage and she looked up at the expectant eyes of none other than Draco Malfoy. He must have spent all afternoon practicing his cool and languid stance, trying his best to assume a non-threatening position."Hey, Granger," he breathed. Leaving her washed in the spearmint scent of his toothpaste. No matter how much they had been through, she couldn't find it in herself to batter him with her words, she longed for the days in school when he would rile her up and she would retort, both of them growing fiercer and fiercer with their insults until they were pulled away by some distraction or another. But it was a different time now and so she turned her gaze away and replied, "It's good to see you, Malfoy."In that moment, standing in the charmed glow of the Ministry Press Conference, her whole life changed. For a while, she would wonder if it was even worth it. Was she really headed down a path that she couldn't see the end of? At the end of the day, she decided that Frost had said it best.Two roads diverged in a wood, and II took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
