Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Harry Potter belongs to the wonderful J. K. Rowling.Mr. and Mrs. Dursley of number four Privet Drive, had always been proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much.There was no real reason for anybody to believe otherwise either. The Dursleys lived in a moderately-sized house in Surrey, England, it was well-kept and looked exactly identical to all the houses to the right and left of it. In terms of comfort and socioeconomic status, they had anything a family of four could have wanted to have. Quite obviously, life hadn't been unkind to them.Number 4 Privet Drive wasn't the sort of house one would expect to find anything out of the ordinary going on.Daisy Dursley had grown up believing exactly that.That is, at least, until last year. Last year had been... well, it had been quite a bit different from the ones preceding it. She'd go as far as to say that it had been Different with a capital D.Before last year, her life had pretty much been a huge routine which was repeated over and over again. Nothing new or unpredictable ever really happened. She went to school, brought satisfactory grades back home, got coddled by her mum and dad, avoided her brother and his friends, and was more or less indifferent towards her cousin.She enjoyed watching the occasional TV show or movie when her parents weren't around, but sadly, those days were few and far in between.Prior to last year, Daisy also couldn't remember a day in her life during which Harry Potter hadn't been there. Harry was her mum's sister's child, and having been left on their doorstep when Daisy had only been a few weeks old, none of the kids remembered life without him. Harry was a skinny, short kind of boy with dark hair and round glasses. His glasses had been broken and taped back together a couple of times, mostly courtesy of Daisy's older brother, Dudley, and his mates. Harry also had a lightning bolt shaped scar on his forehead- it didn't look like any other scar Daisy had ever seen though, he'd had it forever and it never even faded a little bit.Ever since she could remember, Harry had always been the scapegoat, the outsider. Before last year, she never even knew why her parents seemed to hate him so much when they treated Dudley and her like they were the best thing to grace the Earth.After what had been almost an entire month of letters mysteriously finding their way into their house last year though, answers had come. And boy had they been unexpected.Daisy's dad had taken them all away to a rickety shack on a rock in the middle of the sea to escape the constant downpour of letters. All of them were the same, addressed to one "Mr. H. Potter", much to her parents' distress, the location changed each time they moved someplace else. Nobody told the kids what was going on, and those few days had honestly been some of the worst she had experienced. Dudley would probably agree with her on that, and there weren't many things the two of them agreed on.Away from the comfort of their home, the cabin in the sea had been cold and damp and altogether a terrible place to be. She had been left to share a sofa with Dudley, which other than extremely uncomfortable, had ultimately lead to a fight of shoving and pushing their feet in eachother's faces until their dad had put an end to it.They had eventually somehow managed to fall asleep, Harry laying beside them on the ground.And that night was when it all changed.Daisy still clearly remembered being roughly awoken by a heavy thud on the door. She also remembered Dudley shooting up in shock and sending her toppling off the sofa where she fell face-first onto the wooden planks.A giant had visited them that night, at least Daisy figured that was what he was, because he had indeed been huge.Just in a few minutes time, that man (Haggard? Hergid?) changed everything Daisy had known to be true.Apparently, Harry- her cousin- was a wizard. Apparently, his parents had been a witch and wizard as well. Apparently, Harry was supposed to go to this school for wizards, to learn how to use magic. Apparently, Daisy's parents had known all about that. It had all sounded so absurd, that Daisy had been sure she was in a dream.Things went back to normal when Harry left to go to his magic school on the first day of September later that same year.Dudley had his pigtail (a little memento from the giant that had visited them at the cabin) surgically removed and nobody talked of the incident again. He started going to Smeltings, Daisy went back to school normally. Dudley was still a bully (though in mum's eyes he would always be her little angel), and Daisy still made sure to stay out of his way.Still, Daisy couldn't deny she thought about Harry from time to time. Well, not Harry specifically, but his magic school. For the first time in her life, she was jealous of him- the scrawny kid that had spent roughly 10 years of his life sleeping in the cupboard under the stairs. She knew better than to voice her opinions to her family though- she doubted they would have taken it well.And then summer came, and with it, twenty-seven presents for her good performance at school. Daisy was pretty sure she'd have gotten them even if she had failed the year. Her parents loved giving Dudley and her presents- and in particular, they loved giving them overpriced presents. Not that Daisy complained, she was rather fond of her new books, and who was she to complain about getting a new TV to replace the one Dudley had broken with his slingshot last month (she'd gotten him back by unleashing a number of spiders in his bed, not that anyone ever suspected her of anything), and well... Leroy, he was cute.Leroy was a tiny grey Persian cat- her mum had been against getting a pet, hating the idea of something running around and leaving hair behind or making messes, but around this house, Daisy had long ago learnt that putting on a sweet smile and her cutest puppy dog eyes as well as choosing the appropriate words, got her whatever she wanted.Dudley usually went with throwing temper tantrums... it wasn't like he'd be able to get away with that his whole life though, so she found her own tactics much more fulfilling.Anyway, that summer Harry also came back from his school. She managed to get a quick look at his trunk and what looked like a broom before they were all locked inside the cupboard under the stairs.Her parents and brother acted more on edge than ever before- personally, Daisy thought that was kind of stupid- Harry just seemed to try to stay out of their way as much as possible. She didn't know why she didn't share the same fear towards Harry and his magic as the rest of her family did, and it made her feel kind of guilty at times that she didn't- wasn't that the way she was supposed to feel? Instead though, the idea of magic just made her feel a bit giddy on the inside.One could say her longing had grown into a small obsession. She went as far as to steal the padlock key from her parents' room one night, just so she could take a look at Harry's stuff. She ended up taking a book back to her room with her (it wasn't like anyone would check), and over the following month she developed a habit of sneaking books in and out of the cupboard just to leaf through them.It was a relatively quiet summer, if not a bit tense because of the whole situation with Harry. Then of course, everything went south. To make a long story short, Harry had ruined his uncle's chances at promotion and after what had been a few weeks of confinement for him, a flying car had dropped by in the middle of the night to pick him up.Needless to say, nobody had gotten much sleep that night. Breakfast had been awkward, if not somewhat forced. Her parents pretended that none of last night had happened, they instead went on with their morning as usual. It was as if Harry had never been there."What are we having for lunch, mum?" Dudley demanded, even as he was still wolfing down his breakfast. Daisy thought it was absurd to ask that when they hadn't even finished breakfast yet, but her father laughed out loud and said something about how Dudley was turning out to be a "fine lad, much better than one of those sissies"."I don't know yet. What would you like, pumpkin?""Uhh..." Daisy couldn't help but wonder if that was too much for his brain to process, what with him eating and having to think at the same time."What about chicken? With, I don't know, mashed potatoes?" Mum called it a lovely idea, Dudley protested. He calmed down at the promise of extra dessert though... not that he needed it. At all.Daisy was in the middle of watching a morning rerun of a show about a man (possibly a doctor? Maybe? That's what everybody referred to him as anyway) who traveled through time and space in a blue police box, when the bell suddenly rang. She would've gone on watching him try to negotiate with aliens, only that a shrill scream distracted her.Daisy got up and quickly made her way down the stairs, only to stop halfway when she saw her parents standing in front of the door, talking to an unknown man... Dudley seemed to be listening as well, albeit from a distance."- my wife! I will not have your kind in my house!"The man, he was pale and dressed in black, looked at Daisy's dad over his large, hooked nose and did not look amused. Daisy personally thought he looked a bit eerie, and she sure wouldn't have liked to stand where her dad stood right now."The boy isn't here! You can leave!" Petunia Dursley sternly said, even though it was clear by the way she clutched her husband's arm, that she was scared. Daisy didn't blame her- the man didn't look like the most welcoming kind."I am not here for Potter, Petunia. And believe me, if I'd had a say in this, I wouldn't be standing here either." He reached to the inside of his coat (it was summer, why was he wearing that?), and pulled something out. "I'm here to deliver a letter."Both of her parents just looked dumbstruck, but Daisy felt her heart rate pick up. They had mentioned Harry! And when her dad referred to "their kind", it usually meant Harry's people, wizards! But the man seemed to know her mum... how was that even possible? She glanced at her mother, and then the man. She wondered, could it possibly be...?"If you would be as kind as to point to towards a Miss. Daisy Dursley, that would make my business here much easier."All eyes were suddenly on her, and Daisy thought that this must be what it felt like to be a deer caught in the headlights. Within the next few seconds, several things happened all at once.Her dad tried to slam the door shut, and her mum screamed bloody murder, running over to Daisy and hugging her, almost as if she were shielding her with her body. She cried over and over again mantras of, "no, not my baby" and "my sweet little girl" as well as "this can't be". Meanwhile Dudley looked too shocked to speak, his mouth hanging open as he looked at his little sister with eyes the size of saucer pans.Dad's efforts to keep the man outside were useless, for five minutes later he was standing inside their hallway anyway. Daisy had been pushed against the wall by her mother, and now she was sure that she was using her body as a shield. It made her feel kind of scared... maybe this wasn't what she had thought it had been after all.But... that envelope in his hand, she had seen ones like those a million times before, all of them last summer, when Harry had been told he was a wizard and was to study at a school of magic. And it was that small hope- the one that made her feel like she betrayed her family- that gave her the courage to gently push her mum out of the way and take a few steps forward despite her mum's attempts to keep her from doing so.The man was looking at her coolly, but expectantly, so she spoke up."That's... that's me. I'm Daisy Dursley."He nodded and held out the envelope for her to take. She raised a shaky arm, slowly moving it towards the letter, but it was snatched away from her before she could touch it."No! This is absolute nonsense! My daughter is normal! Normal, I tell you! She's a Dursley and Dursleys are not... some pansies waving around magic twigs! Get out of my house at once!""We will call the police!" Petunia added, for good measure.Once again, the man did not look amused."Like the muggle police would be able to do anything." He then turned to Daisy's mother, "you know just as well as I know, Petunia, that the only one that can make the decision about whether or not she's going to come, is Miss Dursley herself.""Well, she's obviously going to refuse!" As her father's eyes fell on her, Daisy couldn't help but feel like she should avert her eyes. "Right, Daisy?""I..." She swallowed, it seemed like a much harder task than usual. "I would like to see that letter, dad."Petunia gasped, an overdramatic cry that sounded like one of despair and horror escaping her lips. She hugged Daisy, desperate to make her stay.Vernon Dursley didn't move."Dad-""Go to your room, Daisy.""But dad, I just want to-""Now!"She took a step back, not used to being the one shouted at."She will not be going. And that's final! You may have taken the boy last year- well, good riddance if you ask me- but my daughter is staying right here! She will go to a local school, study, get married and have no part in any of your... abnormality.""Our abnormality, Dursley, as you have so eloquently put it, runs through your daughter's veins. And if she wants to go to Hogwarts, the school will do anything to help her there.""Well I'm sure she-""Dad...?" With all eyes on her, Daisy took a deep breath. "I think I would like to go to that... to Harry's school."Her parents looked at her as if she had just told them living beings didn't need oxygen to breathe, but she stood her ground. She wasn't one to talk back but... well, this seemed like an opportunity she'd never get again."Well, I believe the decision has been made, then." The man with the hooked nose finally spoke up. He took a second envelope out of his coat and handed it to her. "As a professor, I am obligated to offer to help you get your school supplies as you are a muggleborn first-year..."He looked like he was hoping she would turn down the offer, but she didn't think her parents would take her there anyway so..."Yes. Yes, please. I would like that."Her parents seemed too shell shocked at her decision to protest as she followed the stranger out of the house, quickly throwing back an apologetic glance before quickening her pace to catch up.She suddenly realized that despite him apparently being a professor at Harry's school, she didn't really know much about this man."Umm, excuse me but... who are you, sir?""Severus Snape, I will be your potions professor at Hogwarts." She nodded, continuing their walk in relative silence. She tried to ask about how he knew her mum, but a stern glare quickly silenced her once more.Finally, when they were at the end of the road with no one around, professor Snape stopped. He held out his arm and instructed her to grab it."I suggest you hold on tight, Dursley... this will feel somewhat uncomfortable." 'Uncomfortable' was the understatement of the century. The feeling that followed his words was painful- it was as if she was being compressed from all sides and pushed through a really small tube. It felt as if her lungs were going to burst, and for a moment she thought she was unable to breathe.Then, just as quickly as it had started, it was over.She stumbled away, leaning against the wall as she closed her eyes and took a few deep breaths. God, she felt like she was going to be sick. She didn't throw up though, and for that she was grateful.As she looked up, she realized that she was no longer standing in the same road as she had been before, but somewhere (if she had to guess) in downtown London. She blinked, mouth opening and closing a few times because... wow."Did we just... teleport?""It is called apparition. But I suppose that, yes, the closest thing to apparition there is in muggle terms, would be teleportation. Now pay attention, I'm only going to explain this once."Daisy nodded, fully attentive."The place we are going to now, is called Diagon Alley. Here you will be able to find all of your school supplies, in the following years you will have to do so yourself." He paused to look at her and make sure she was still listening. "Am I correct in assuming that you will need help paying for your school supplies?""Um, yes- I mean, I think so. My dad-" He didn't seem to care so she just stopped talking. Instead, Daisy followed her future professor to a shabby looking bar called the leaky cauldron. Through there, they were able to access Diagon Alley.Diagon Alley was indeed a place to behold. It was hustling and bustling with witches and wizards of all ages- it was particularly easy to tell because of their clothes... all of them were dressed in long robes and cloaks- some of them even wore top hats!Daisy made sure to look around her and take in every small detail, the signs with the weird names, the things standing outside, bits of conversations here and there. It was all so new and... well, magical! She didn't even realize her mouth had been hanging open until it was pointed out to her and she closed it, looking away in embarrassment.Their first stop was Gringott's, a bank which was exclusively for wizards apparently. She got some money in a little pouch which was supposed to last her seven years (she'd have to get some of the books and stuff second-hand) and soon they were off again.Professor Snape wasn't a great fan of wasting time, and so they got through their tasks fairly quickly. Soon, Daisy was carrying a very heavy stack of books (most of which were by the same author, one Gilderoy Lockhart), a standard black robe fitted to be exactly her size, a cauldron, several potion ingredients and last but not least, a wand.Mr. Ollivander had been a weird one, he had blabbered for some time- talking to professor Snape about his wand and reminiscing about when he'd bought it. This had somehow brought him upon the subject of a woman named Ellen (or something that sounded like it) Prince, but before he could go into any detail, Snape made sure to turn his attention to Daisy."Ah, of course," He had said with a smile, "and who would you be, young lady?"She told him her name, and after some more questions, he dove into a monologue about her late aunt (whom she apparently took after, despite her having blonde hair and brown eyes, both of which were her mother's) as well as her cousin, who had stood in this very shop last year buying his own first wand. Holy, he had said. 11 inches long with a phoenix feather core.Daisy wasn't exactly sure what all that meant, so she was just happy that her turn to find a wand had come.They went through a couple of tries, making more of a mess than Daisy's mum would ever had been comfortable with or even tolerated, but in the end there was one which the old man deemed good... or rather, according to the man himself, it was the wand that had found her good because "The wand chooses the wizard, Miss Dursley- I told this exact same thing to your cousin last year. Do say hello to him from me.". It was 10  inches long, made out of walnut and containing unicorn hair. It was, according to Ollivander, an excellent wand for spellcasting.Upon returning home (Daisy had been more prepared for apparition this time around, but it didn't make the feeling any less pleasant), she had been sent to her room as professor Snape exchanged a few words with her parents. What exactly that was supposed to mean, Daisy wasn't sure.The month that remained, was a pretty quiet one. Nobody mentioned the incident, but it didn't escape Daisy's notice that her parents seemed to be acting differently -colder- around her- it was as if they refused to acknowledge her unless she spoke directly to them. If it wasn't for the obvious shift in their behavior, she would've wondered if any of that had even happened at all.It did not feel nice to be alienated in your own house.The night before her departure, Daisy lay awake in her bed, rolling about and tossing the sheets off her body before wrapping herself back in them. It wasn't too hot to sleep, and the house was quiet... it wasn't even the dim streetlight that shone in through her window that kept her up this late. Her books and supplies all lay neatly in her trunk, she had spent hours nervously arranging them and nothing she owned had ever really looked so well taken care of. On top of it, Daisy could make out Leroy sleeping. He was curled up in a little ball, breathing rhythmically. It seemed as if she was the only one awake at three AM- she could certainly hear Dudley and her dad's snores, and her mum was bound to be asleep as well.She wondered for a fleeting moment how her cousin was doing. Was he sleeping? He probably was. He was also probably with those redheads that had picked him up- she remembered seeing a pair of twins dragging his stuff up the stairs that night, even though she had no idea who they were.She supposed she might see them again. She was apprehensive though... was she really a witch? She couldn't help but doubt that sometimes- other than erupt sparks, her wand had never really done much else... was that how it was supposed to be? Or was she maybe really normal like the rest of her family? The thought made her sad. Because, what if she was?She had never even thought of the possibility that she might be a witch (though she might have secretly daydreamed about it once or twice), and she never really remembered getting in trouble for making weird things happen, like the case with Harry often was. She had never spoken to a snake, nor had she ever managed to levitate a cake.What if it had all been one big mistake?But then she thought back at the older days, times that she never really paid much attention to before. Like the time she had tripped and fell down the stairs- she clearly remembered hovering over the ground for just a few seconds, just long enough for her to brace herself and lessen the impact. No one had seen that one but herself. But there were other times, like when her mum had made broccoli for dinner and she had refused to eat it- Harry had already been eating his portion, seemingly enjoying it, when it had suddenly been changed to pizza, her favourite. Yet, nobody said anything to her- Harry was the one that spent a whole weekend in the cupboard. She could think of many occasions when the strange things happening around number 4 Privet Drive could not have been Harry's doing- and yet, nobody had ever suspected anyone but him.It did seem logical, even if it did made her stomach twist with guilt. She tried not to think about it- but that stupid little cupboard kept flashing through her mind. She imagined actually sleeping in there, and thought of how lucky she had been.It made her realize that if Harry had been called a Freak all his life for being a wizard, wouldn't that make her one as well? She was sure it did. She was also sure that was why her mum and dad no longer really talked to her... the only thing that had saved her from being treated like Harry, was that she was the Dursley's daughter and not their niece. She idly wondered if she would've gotten the same treatment had the tables been turned... would her aunt, Lily, have hated her like her mum hated Harry? She didn't really want to think about it...And like that, Daisy drifted off into an uneasy sleep.Morning came, and whatever professor Snape had told them last month, it had certainly worked, because right after breakfast (a silent and awkward affair, as it had been since she had come back from Diagon Alley), they told her to get her stuff. Dad would be driving her to King's Cross before work.All of them got in the car, Dudley staying as far away from her as he could, so Daisy simply fiddled with the tip of her skirt as she was left to ponder over her own thoughts. There was no smalltalk, no indignant yelling at people driving too fast, no comments at people's clothes. There was nothing, and that made Daisy more uncomfortable than anything.Her father gave her a pat on the back and her mother hugged her tight. She wasn't expecting any words to be spoken, but as she held her closely, Petunia Dursley whispered into her daughter's ear."The barrier between platforms nine and ten." What that was supposed to mean, Daisy wasn't sure. But the moment was over before she could ask, and her family was gone.
