Angelina Johnson finished packing her things in her small flat. It wasn't much that she had, just clothes and books. She placed everything in the boxes she had and shrunk those boxes and placed them in her trunk. That was that then. Didn't take her too long. She was ready for her new job.She never thought she would return to Hogwarts but she needed a change. St. Mungos was not what she had thought it would be. The ways of healing were stagnant and both her and Hermione had had enough. Hermione had left and moved to France where change was more receptive. Angelina on the other hand had gotten a letter from Headmistress Minerva McGonagall. Realizing there would be an influx of new students this year two healers were to be required. She would be working along side Poppy.Confident she had packed everything, Angelina took hold of her trunk and backpack and apparated out of the tiny apartment to just a couple of feet from the gates of Hogwarts. The castle looked the same and yet different from her days in attendance. She placed her hand on the gate and they swung open for her. She walked through and on either side of her was nothing but grass and wildflowers. The blue sky and sun above and the castle in front. The closer she got the more she understood the difference. The castle had battle scars still. Repairs done after the war still stood out. She remembered the last time she was there the castle was nearly destroyed and was burning; smoke filled the air as heavy rain fell. Bodies and the smell of blood surrounded her and she was out for more. Angelina made it to the entrance and was met by Minerva."Welcome back Ms. Johnson.""Good to be back." Responded Angelina as she approached her former head of house for a hug. She now stood a whole head above Minerva. The headmistress guided her in and the doors closed behind her. They climbed the steps to the infirmary where she met Poppy who was waiting. She was in for another hug before she was escorted to her rooms."Its not much and these rooms haven't been used for a while. You're free to do any cosmetic changes as you see fit. I'll leave you to look through the place. I'll be waiting in the infirmary and show you where everything is." Said Poppy as she took in her new colleague. It had been years since she saw the young woman. The last time being just after the last battle. Angelina had been found surrounded by bodies soaked in blood (some of it not her own). Her clothes were torn and there were gashes in various parts of her body. Her hair was wild and there was a crazed look in her eye. Poppy had knocked her out and carried her to the infirmary to clean and fix her up. She had been unconscious for a week. But now as she stood watching the young woman she was subdued and calm.Angelina placed the trunk on the floor and her bag on her bed. Her rooms consisted of a small sitting area, kitchenette, smaller bedroom, and a small bathroom that consisted of a tub, shower, sink and toilet. She couldn't see herself taking a bath though the tub was far to small for her. Walking back to the sitting area she opened her trunk and with a flick of her wand everything unpacked and went to its appropriate place.Angelina found Poppy at her desk going over a list. For a moment the older woman didn't notice her and jumped when she did. She stood and walked around her desk with the lis tin hand."Nothing much has changed since you've last been here. But I changes up some of the store room and you should at least see that." She followed Poppy to the other end of the long room and was let into a warded room that had every possible potion and other first aid necessities one would need at a school. The highest shelf was at eye level for Angelina. One wall was for potions, one wall had a table against the wall with nothing on it and the other wall had different types of bandages, splints, and other things. It wasn't much to show but at least the room was temperature controlled and well lit."This is better organized than what we had at St. Mungo's." she commented. Poppy raised an eyebrow at that."That's a shame." Commented Poppy."It really is. No matter how hard Granger and I tried we couldn't get them to organize and improve. We tried once without permission and still got in trouble even though it did make life easier for the other healers.""Is that why you decided to come here?""Yes. At least here efficiency and care for the patient rather than your ego take precedence." Poppy nodded her head. She'd heard of the problems St. Mungo's was having and she couldn't blame Angelina for jumping at the chance to leave."I heard there might be another wizarding hospital opening only it will be in a more remote area with better facilities.""I heard the same rumors but I haven't seen any concrete proof." The two women left the supply closet. Poppy took Angelina around so that the wards recognized her and accepted her."Now that that is done and taken care of I need you to go down to the dungeons and give this to Severus. He is the other staff you will be working with." Angelina let out a breath and nodded. "You remember how to get down there correct?""Yeah." She sighed. Angelina took the note and left the infirmary and made for the long walk down to the dungeons. The further down she went the colder and damper it got. How this man was comfortable down here she didn't understand. Why he came back though she did. After the war, even though he'd been exonerated and his true loyalties had been exposed he was still persona non grata. His former home had been torched. And as a member of the Hogwarts staff it wasn't as if he made enough money to buy another. Although, he did create potions that were patented so he probably got some money from that. As a healer Angelina at least kept up reading all possible potions journals.She made it to his office door and knocked. There was no sound for a moment until the door was swung open. There stood Severus Snape in all his glory. But his intimidation technique was lost on her. She remembered a time where he towered above her but at the moment they was only a three or four inch difference."What do you want?" he growled. Angelina quirked an eyebrow and handed him the list. He didn't take it but stood there staring at her. He couldn't place her. Nothing about this woman was familiar and he didn't remember being told anyone was coming."Poppy sent me down here to give you the list of potions she needs, though I could brew these myself.""Who are you and how did you get in the castle?" Severus whipped out his wand and had it at her throat. Still, she wasn't intimidated."Angelina Johnson professor. You taught me a while ago. I'm Poppies new assistant, I came today." She answered in a bored tone. "You going to take the list or not?" Severus put down his wand, snatched the list and slammed the door in her face. Angelina rolled her eyes but in the time that they stood there she did a visual analysis of him.His skin was yellowing and pale, his breathing was slightly labored, he had a bit of a stoop, and his hair was much too long for him and greasy. He looked worse now than he did before the war and that was saying something. Shaking her head she made her way back up to the infirmary and found Poppy sitting at her desk."How'd it go?" asked Poppy."The man still thinks he's intimidating. He didn't know who I was. I explained then he took the list and slammed the door in my face." Angelina shrugged her shoulders. "But he looks near death. I've never seen him so bad." Poppy nodded her head."That was the other reason why you were asked to come here. Besides needing an assistant I need someone to keep tabs on him. Minerva and I have been trying to get him to take care of himself, but as you've seen he won't. I don't think he expected to actually live after the war or at least if he did I think he thought he'd be thrown in Azkaban.""So now he's aimless." Angelina understood. "So this means I should be looking at his health record doesn't it?""That it does." Poppy stood and opened two drawers and pulled out files from both. "This is his records as a student." It was a thick book that she suspected was filled from cover to cover. "This is the unofficial record I have kept on him." This book was about the same thickness as the other if not slightly thicker. Angelina took up both books. "I suggest you look them over fully then return them to me when you're finished. I'm warning you now there are things in there that will make your skin crawl and make your blood boil." Angelina nodded once and went to her quarters and placed the books on the coffee table."I'm going to need a large pot of tea for this." She said to herself. Once the tea was ready she returned with the tray and set it on the table and sat on the couch and removed her shoes.
