Disclaimer: I don't own the Harry Potter series or anything in it. That all belongs to J.K. Rowling.This is the Fourth installment of Ella's story, please read Glimpses, Sorcerer's Curse, and World of Secrets before this!Owl PostTotal darkness had descended on the small neighborhood of Mongolia Crescent. The sleepy silence of night crept into all the houses leaving the residents of the area fast asleep in their beds. Only one young girl was left awake that night. She sat on a windowsill in the cool evening air. If anyone were to see her and tell her parents, she'd be in an enormous amount of trouble, but Ella couldn't find it in herself to care.Ella loved to stay up late on these summer nights. The quiet atmosphere calmed her nerves and allowed her thoughts to blossom. Her dreams were as erratic as ever and their themes had taken a dramatic turn for the worst. Ella was frightened of the future and how soon it was heading towards her. In all her fourteen year, she had never felt its presence looming above her like she did now. As awful as those dreams were, she'd needed this silent time seeing as the days were absolutely horrid as well.When the Hogwarts Express brought her back to the Muggle World, Ella was surprised to see her parents were once again there to pick her up. Every year, she had expected to travel home on her own, but they were always there. Ella figured this time would be different though the looks in their eyes was enough to tell her that. She barely got to say goodbye to the twins before her father's hand had wrapped around her forearm and dragged her towards their car. The boys could only watch helplessly.In the month that had passed since then, it seemed like fights broke out if Ella remained in a room for more than ten minutes. At one point, she dared to mention that she had nearly died during the school year and was completely crushed when her mother retorted that it would've been a much better alternative for her and her father if she had. No matter how much Ella wanted to write to her friends about all the horrors she had been facing in the summer, she refrained herself. They were her burden to bear and hers alone. Ella had been hoping this whole month that she'd be able to go to the Burrow for the last portion of the summer, but the letter lying on her bed informed her that her desires would remain unattainable.Dear Ella,How's your summer going? We hope the Muggles aren't being too beastly to you. Ours had been pretty boring until a few days ago. WE WON THE DRAWING IN THE DAILY PROPHET! Figured we should get that out of the way, no use being dramatic when you can't see us. Mum and Dad have decided that we'll all visit Bill in Egypt. In fact, we're writing to you from there! It's really neat. We've sent a picture as well as the clipping, figured you might want to take a look yourself.Sorry that we won't get to see you over the holidays. We hate to think that your stuck there while we get to be here, but don't worry, we're going to bring you loads of neat things when we get back! The pyramids are super cool and the markets have all sorts of interesting things you'd enjoy. Mum sends her loveand Percy wanted us to tell you he got Head Boy. Mum's beside herself with glee, but in our humble opinion, Percy is becoming a real git with this going to his head. We wanted to shut him in a pyramid, but no such luck.We'll see you when we get back, or on the train to Hogwarts! We're both gorgeously tanned and you should be extremely jealous of that fact. Only, jokingwe're burnt as red as our hair. Your fantastic friends,Gred and Forge Their letter made her happy and sad all at once when she read it. She was thrilled that they got to spend some time out of the country and with Bill, their older brother who Ella got to meet once during Christmas her first year, but she hated that she now had to spend more time fighting with her parents.Ella read through the twins' letter many times, but no matter how well she could tell them apart, their handwriting still stumped her. She didn't dwell on that though, she was happy that she got a picture from them. Ella found herself staring at them all. The black a white photo showed her adopted family in front of a large pyramid all smiling like they were having the time of their life they probably were too. More often than Ella was willing to admit, her eyes were drifting to Fred in the picture. She missed both twins, but her first and only crush was sorely missed.A cool breeze lifted a few long strands of Ella's brown hair. She closed her sapphire eyes and enjoyed the gentle burst of air. Every night, she sat in her window thinking about the future and Sirius Black. It wouldn't be long before he appeared on her street. It wouldn't be tonight though, that much was obvious.She moved out of the window and tried to not feel too dejected by Rowena's absence. Her owl and summer best friend was off delivering replies to all of her friends' letters. The barn owl wouldn't be back for a month at least. Poor thing would have to travel to Egypt for Fred and George's letter, but Ella wasn't too worried. Rowena was a brilliant owl and could definitely handle the trip.Ella rested her head on her pillow wondering what awful things would appear to her tonight. She couldn't even tell whether she was seeing the past or present. There was no control anymore.The first place Ella visited was a cold, damp prison cell. She stood up quickly and found that she was locked in the cell with someone or something. Ella knew from the shrieking and sobbing that the cell had to be located in Azkaban, the wizard prison. Dementors were gliding through the corridors outside. Their rattling breaths elicited more hysteria from deep within Azkaban and even Ella shivered though she was something of a ghost. The mass in the corner of the cell was still and silent.For a moment, Ella wondered if the person was dead. She couldn't stand the idea of being in a cell with a corpse, but a closer look showed her that the thin figure was breathing very slowly. It had a mane of black hair and Ella wondered if she was with Sirius.As she inched towards the person, she began to realize that they couldn't be Sirius. The hair was much too long and the figure was too feminine. Ella felt uneasy about the whole situation. Who was this woman? Why was she in that particular cell in Azkaban?Nearly a foot away, the figure flipped around to face her with wide eyes. They weren't panicked, they were insane. She leapt to her feet and paced around the cell muttering to herself. Ella couldn't pick up a single word that poured out of her mouth. Nevertheless, the woman would pause a moment to cackle to herself then assume her conversation once more. The dementors would stop by every so often and this woman would shy back from the door snarling at the creatures. But as soon as the dementor had glided away once more she'd resume the cycle.Ella watched in fear and anticipation. Never in all her life had she seen such a display, but all she could wonder was: Why am I seeing this now? She moved closer to the woman to get a better look. Her hand reached out tentatively to touch her shoulder.Everything went spiraling out of control.In the darkness of the changing vision, Ella heard screams of the utmost pain and fear. Ella felt like she was going to be sick. They were male and female and others crying out: "CRUCIO!" Ella shut her eyes tightly and felt faint. The screams grew and grew until at last there was silence. She opened her eyes to a Court Room of sorts. There were a few sobs, but no signs of torture anywhere. Ella trembled from head to toe.A door in the corner of the room slammed open and six dementors brought in four people. The four people were sat in chairs and chained to them. Ella looked between the two older men, a young one who looked beyond terrified, and the woman from the cell. She sat with pride the chained chair was her throne, and she ruled the world. "You have been brought here before the Council of Magical Law," a man's voice rang out from the area Ella was in. She didn't know who he was or the horribly upset woman beside him. "So that we may pass judgment on you, for a crime so heinous ""Father! Fatherplease!" The young boy cried out from his chained chair. Ella blanched further, but the man continued loudly."That we have rarely heard the like of it within this court. We have evidence against you. The four of you stand accused of capturing an Auror Frank Longbottom," Ella gasped, " and subjecting him to the Cruciatus Curse, believing him to have knowledge of the present whereabouts of your exiled master, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named "The boy was now frantic, "Father, I didn't! I didn't, I swear it, Father, don't send me back to the dementors "His "Father" bellowed over him, "You are further accused of using the Crucitus Curse on Frank Longbottom's wife, when he would not give you information. You planned to restore He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named to power, and to resume the lives of violence you presumably led while he was strong. I now ask the jury ""Mother! Mother, stop him, Mother, I didn't do it, it wasn't me!" The boy shrieked and the woman started sobbing whilst rocking back and forth. "I now ask the jury to raise their hands if they believe, as I do, that these crimes deserve a life sentence in Azkaban!" He shouted and a group of witches and wizards on the right side of the dungeon raised their hands in unison. The people around Ella began to clap triumphantly and savagely. Ella heard a man tell another, "Good to finally get Bellatrix Lestrange put away. She was the most deranged of them all practically loved He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.""Too bad it had to come at something like this. The Longbottoms were a fiercely brave family, they didn't deserve that kind of fate," came the other's reply.A woman behind Ella whispered tremulously, "They have a little boy too, Neville, I think. Can't even recognize him I've heard. He's living with his grandmother now. Poor dear. Both of his parents will be in St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries for the rest of their days."Tears were rolling down Ella's cheeks by this point. She had never known that Neville was practically an orphan. Everyone looked at Harry with pity because of what happened to his parents, but Neville had it worse. He grew up with parents that couldn't even realize he was their son that must have had some impact on him today. Bellatrix looked up to their judge and haughtily boasted, "The Dark Lord will rise again, Crouch! Throw us into Azkaban; we will wait! He will rise again and will come for us, he will reward us beyond any of his other supporters! We alone were faithful! We alone tried to find him!"Ella glared hatefully towards the woman as she was whisked into a new vision of the future. The dragons had returned and were spitting flames at people Ella couldn't distinguish. The vision was frightful, of course, but compared to the last, it wasn't nearly as horrifying. She moved closer towards the idiots fighting the dragons, but just as she got close enough to feel the heat from the dragon, the dream thrust her away again. All of the sudden, Ella felt light headed and faint. She looked around her and a thin layer of snow had covered the ground. One of the patches had a splatter of scarlet seeping into it. Her eyes widened for a moment and suddenly, she felt herself beginning to fall.Ella shot up in her bed and bolted towards the bathroom across the hall where she lost all the contents in her stomach. It wasn't often that her dreams turned her stomach so much, but it had started happening more often than Ella cared to admit. Mrs. Weasley would have a fit when she caught sight of Ella. She'd be much too thin for her liking that was certain.The room around her still spun slightly and Ella shook with fear, anger, and sadness. What had Bellatrix Lestrange had to do with anything? Why did she need to know about her if she was locked away? Ella shuddered to imagine what damage a woman like that could do to the world. The other vision she had thought about many times but still had no explanation of. It was the last vision that frightened Ella nearly as much as the first. The scene was so idyllic, but that one spot of blood seemed to hold a subtle impact of things. Where had it come from? Who had it come from?She made her way downstairs after brushing her teeth. Her stomach was churning slightly, but Ella knew that she'd need to eat something before the day started. Unfortunately, her parents were also up that early in the morning as well. Neither of them made any comment about her getting sick if they'd heard it. Ella couldn't see how they hadn't, but she was willing to give them a small benefit of the doubt."Are you both going to work today?" Ella asked. Sometimes she considered just letting her parents ignore her completely and being as silent as they want her to be. Others she just hoped that at one point they'd realize that they were her parents and would become a happy family. Considering they hadn't been a happy family before, Ella knew her hopes were in vain. Still, she tried her best to be a family. Aside from fitting in and having friends, a family was all she had ever wanted."What sort of stupid question is that? We go to work every day, why would today be any different?" Ella's mother snapped at her.Her father added, "We're in the middle of an important project and promotion, why would we put that in jeopardy for a day off?"Ella looked down at the floor, "It was just a question.""A moronic question deserves such a response." Her father jeered. Ella ate an apple and watched her parents leave together. The summer wasn't even half over, but she wished it was. Most days she sat at home alone doing her homework. As long as her parents were away she could sit at the table and pour over her text books with a parchment and quill in hand. Due to this promotion, her parents were always at work during the day and many nights they attended dinner parties of wealthy benefactors. Ella wasn't invited."I wish I were back at Hogwarts. I wish I was making jokes with Fred or George or Lee. I wish I had Katie, Angelina, or Alicia to talk to. I even wish I was stuck in a Divinations class with Cho or McLaggen. Anywhere but here. Anywhere and with anyone else. I hate this place." Ella whispered to the empty house one day while studying about Wizarding Laws of the past.She looked down at the blurred words on the page, "I even wish Sirius would finally show up. I even wish that those events in the future would be nearer. Anything, but being here right now. I can't take it. I can't." But time did not speed up or slow down for anyone not even a fourteen year old girl trapped in a house of hatred. A single tear splashed on the book as Ella once more grew silent and slowly went back to her studying.A/N: Hello and Welcome to the new story! Hope you enjoyed the chapter! It was a little sad and dark, sorry if it depressed anyone. Please leave some comments about what you'd like to see in this story! :) 
