July 21st, 1968Summer was nearing its final leg of the voyage towards autumn when two, unique friends happened to meet each other for the second time. Lilly Evans, a Muggleborn witch from a mostly cheerful household, and Severus Snape, a Half-blood wizard who wished nothing more than to escape his own household, were conversing casually in the shade of a wild oak that had to be around fifty years old.'Severus,' Lilly started, 'why is Tuney so mean to me?' 'What did I ever do to her?''Tuney?' Severus asked. He had only spoken to the young witch once before and was still learning the particular names of those in Lilly's life.'Oh, sorry, Severus.' 'I'm talking about my sister, Petunia.' Lilly explained apologetically.The dark haired wizard instantly remembered the previous day when he had first talked to Lilly. The sisters, one magical, and the other a common Muggle, had been arguing quite noticeably in a playground not too far from the tree where he and his new companion now rested.To Severus, it was beyond clear as to why Petunia, a Muggle, treated her sister in such a way; Lilly had been conjuring beautiful flowers in the palm of her hand, unknowingly reminding Petunia of the magic she would never have.'Isn't it obvious?' He responded in as polite a manner he could muster. 'She's jealous because you're special and she's not.' Severus turned to the redheaded girl beside him and quickly realized his words hadn't been cleverly chosen.'What do you mean Tuney's not special!' Lilly blurted angrily, her face almost as red as her hair. 'Everyone's special in their own way.' Severus didn't understand what had just happened, nor how to respond to Lilly's reaction. Before he could say anything, however, Lilly's expression changed dramatically.Her face softened to reveal an entirely guilty look. Even a few stray tears wandered down her freckled cheeks. 'But it's not my fault I'm a freakthat I can do thingsshe can't.' As the little witch's crying progressed, her sobs became more and more muffled by the sounds of a stuffy nose and throat.Severus did nothing for a moment but just stare in bewilderment at the scene before him. It was as if Lilly had completely turned her anger towards him and on herself, and now she was seeking reassurance for her guilt. He felt absolutely horrible that he had contributed even more to his new friend's grief, grief that a person like her didn't deserve to endure.'Lilly,' the boy replied, 'I'm so sorry.' 'Ididn't meanto makeyoucry.' He edged a bit closer to the crouching girl with her hands over her wet eyes and knees tucked beneath her chest.'You don't need to apologize.' Lilly began after clearing her throat and roughly wiping her emerald green eyes. 'You didn't do anything wrong, Sev.' Severus never neglected her gaze, his pupils meeting hers. 'I'm the freak, and I'm the one that's to blame.' Upon hearing herself say this, Lilly continued to sob into her hands.'No Lilly,' Severus reassured her. 'You're not a freak and you're not to blame for anything.' 'In fact,' he said as he conjured a precious lily flower from the grass and twiddled it delicately between his pale fingers, 'I think such a gift can be more beautiful than you think it to be ugly, but perhaps not as beautiful as one other thing.' 'Here,' the young wizard whispered gently as he offered the redheaded witch the flower.Lilly had finally looked up from her own hands and snuffled lightly when she saw the gleaming white petals of the flower playfully brushing her shoulder. She smiled gratefully at her newfound friend, beaming with a happiness that wasn't there before. 'Thanks, Sev,' she chimed delicately after gingerly taking the little flower in her own tear stained palms. 'It's definitely the most gorgeous thing I have ever seen.'Severus returned a warm, kind smile that didn't exactly suit his thin, deathly pale visage. He continued to watch Lilly softly play with the flower, in awe of her great curiosity and beauty. He thought deeply about what she had just said until he finally commented, 'Yes, that it is, Lil.'
