Chapter One:Hermione POVThere was an annoying beeping coming from across the office. In fact, it was 5 feet away, out of arm's reach from my desk. It had been going off for 14 minutes and 39 seconds. And under no circumstances was I going to turn it off.But oh, do I want to.I do my best to tune it out again and focus on the work in front of me. There were five charts holding the information of previous patients. I looked from one to another memorizing as much information as I could. Melissa Thornton, Jim Puddle, Henry Carter, Anna Bass, and Connie Left.17 minutes and 13 seconds.Melissa had short term memory loss, Jim had migraines that no potion could seem to help, Henry had a hole in his heart, Anna had arthritis, and Connie just beat cancer.19 minutes and 4 seconds.Melissa needs a memory boost potion once every two weeks, Jim requires a referral to receive acupuncture, and Henry was going to nee-The beeping stopped so I stopped. There was a knock on the door."Enter."Benny Heath walked in with a grim look on his face. He looked pointedly from me to the metronome/timer contraption I had rigged up."You're doing it again," he stated obviously. He picked up the annoying device with his middle finger and thumb, as if afraid it would bite."Heath, please-"I began, ready to give a lengthy, but planned, speech that he'd heard at least twice now."No, Granger. No. Absolutely no. This ridiculous obsession you have with avoiding distractions is being to be a bother to your neighboring associates.""But Hea-""Granger I said no. I didn't mind you using our new hires as lab rats for your 'distraction tests'" -the man used actual air quotes, I mean really- "and I allow you to monopolize the break area to hold all your coffee making things, but really, a loud beeping noise for twenty continuous minutes?" He paused to take a deep breath and I jumped at the chance."Heath, I need to improve my ability to drown out distractions. Now, how am I supposed to be chief of staff one day if I can't stay focused? Isn't a little beeping really just a small price to pay?" I had more, a 12 inch parchment's worth of arguments, but Heath gave me a look that cut me off."You are to cease this loud nonsense." He back away, still holding my timer. "And stop bringing all this muggle rubbish in to my hospital!"Harry POVI ducked as a bottle of firewhiskey barely missed me. Dang, that was a new bottle, too. Another bottle, wine from France, flew at me, hitting me in the shin and taking me down."-And another thing you selfish bastard! How DARE you just ASSUME that you can just PLANT your SEED inside of MY VAGINA. Hell to the no. You'll be the Boy Who Is a Single Father, that's for damn sure!" Ginny stormed out of the living room, grabbed an already packed bag, and left through the front door.This wasn't the first time we had this argument, and didn't seem like the last. She'll go sleep at the Burrow for a few days, and then I'll go get her and apologize, and we'll repeat after about a month.The age old argument between couple. Boy meets girl, they fall in love, boy wants kids, girl would rather get hit in the head with a bludger, boy gets called a selfish bastard a lot.I also had the audacity to suggest we make the conversion to muggle living. I've had enough fame for a lifetime or two. But apparently, Ginny has not. Why would she give up being a famous quidditch player?Oh, excuse me. Possibly THE most famous quidditch player, depending on results of the poll of Witch Weekly. And don't forget it.With a wave of my wand the pieces of glass swept themselves into the trash bin. Grabbing a bottle I stashed in the couch cushions, I settled down for a long night of silence. Sweet silence.Draco POVI've always been a firm believer of saving the best for last. The pie only comes after I'm done with supper. A shot of liquor only once I've finished my day at work. Cleaning near Granger's office is the last spot left after scouring the rest of the building.Granger, I've learned, is a mid-level healer. That means her office is medium sized, with a glass wall for continued observation by a supervisor. And observation by me.I'm not a creep. Far from it. It's just I've become accustomed to Granger's habits. She leaves no earlier than 10:00 pm, the current time. And she stays no later than 10:30 pm, as a security guard always comes and practically pushes her out of the building. In a moment, Granger will gather her hair back in to a professional bun, alphabetize her work, gather her bag, and leave.Then I can gather all of her coffee mugs, as she uses a new one each time she needs a refill, clean them, and place them in her preferred order on the break room counter.I swear I'm not a creep. Just doing my job. Draco Malfoy, janitor, at your service.I wave my wand in a circular motion, cleaning the glass windows across the floor, simultaneously, which is no easy feat, might I add. I've become quite the cleaning expert. I'd like to think that Dobby would be proud of me. Or horrified and start cleaning for me, good ol' boy.Granger finally starts gathering her things in the normal fashion, but then pauses, and stacks her dirty coffee mugs in a neat little pile on the corner of her desk. That's new. After they're satisfactorily stacked, she continues on with her leaving routine as if she never deviated. She exited her office, eyes focused on the elevator, never daring to look around. Not allowing distraction.Yeah, I pretty much have Granger figured out. Too bad she doesn't acknowledge me. I mean, nor does anyone else. I'm an icky Malfoy, a dirty rotten pureblood, ironically. The only person who will look at me with kind eyes is my mother.Poor ickle Draco.Ron POV"Mum, can I have some more potatoes?"She looked at me warily. "Ronald you've already had three servings.""I can't help it that you're the greatest cook in all of London, mum." She just shook her head and muttered to herself as she brought me over another plate of potatoes. I was about to dig in when the front door slammed so loud the table shook. "Ginny's back" I grumbled, not that anybody needed my announcement, they all knew.Ginny's stomping could be heard as she made her way up the stairs to her old room. Meanwhile Lavender made her way back from the loo and sat down at her place next to me."Ronald?" She asked, using the tone she always used when she wanted something."Yeth?" Why even bother swallowing, she'll let me know, regardless."Why did Ginny seem so angry? I just heard her come in?" Lavender was giving me the look, meaning answer or else.While I was working on swallowing my food, mum saved the day. "Probably just a rough day a work, dear." I nodded in agreement.Lavender looked back towards where Ginny went and started to shake her head slowly. "No, I feel like it's something more. Maybe I should-""Oh, is that the time?" I stood up suddenly and loudly to grab Lavender's attention back. "Lav, honey, we should really get going if you want to still check out that flat."My girlfriend sprung up with a gleam in her eye. "Yes, Ronald! You're right! Let's go, let's go!" I was promptly dragged out of the room, and then the house, my stomach longing for the rest of those potatoes.
