A/N Just a few things I want to say before you start reading the chapter: It follows the book, but there will be slight changes in the storyline because of the characters I introduced. Everything about Alex, Nik and Mia's parents will be explained but if you have any questions, feel free to leave them in the reviews. And now, without further ado, on with the story:Albus Dumbledore didn't seem to realize he had just arrived on a street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome. He was busy rummaging in his cloak, looking for something. But he did seem to realize he was being watched, because he looked up suddenly at the cat, which was staring at him from the other end of the street. For some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to amuse him. He chuckled."I should have known." He had found what he was looking for in his inside pocket. It seemed to be a silver cigarette lighter. He flicked it open, held it in the air and clicked it. The nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. He clicked it again. The next lamp flickered into darkness. Twelve times he clicked the Put-Outer until the only lights left in the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat watching him. If anyone looked out their window now, even beady-eyed Mrs. Dursley, they wouldn't be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement. Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street towards number four, where he sat down on the wall next to the cat. He didn't look at it, but after a moment he spoke to it."Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall." He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone. Instead he was staring at a rather severe looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes. She, too, was wearing a cloak, an emerald one. Her black hair was drawn into a tight bun. She looked distinctly ruffled."How did you know it was me?" She asked."My dear Professor, I've never seen a cat sit so stiffly.""You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day.""All day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have passed a dozen parties and feasts on my way here." Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily."Oh, yes, everyone's celebrating, all right! You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but no. Even the Muggles have noticed something's going on. It was on the news." She jerked her head back at the Dursley's dark living room window. "I heard it. Flocks of owlsshooting stars Well, they're not completely stupid. They were bound to notice something. Shooting stars down in Kent. I'll bet that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sense""You can't blame them. We've had precious little to celebrate for eleven years.""I know that. But that's no reason to lose our heads. People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors A fine thing it would be if, on the very day You-Know-Who seems to have disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose he really has gone, Dumbledore?" She asked, looking over at him."It certainly seems so. We have much to be thankful for. Would you care for a sherbet lemon?""A what?""A sherbet lemon. They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of.""No, thank you. As I say, even if You-Know-Who has gone-.""My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him by his name? All this 'You-Know-Who' nonsense For eleven years, I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name: Voldemort. It all gets so confusing if we keep saying 'You-Know-Who'. I have sever seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort's name.""I know you haven't. But you're different. Everyone knows you're the only one You-Know Oh, all right, Voldemortwas frightened of.""You flatter me. Voldemort had powers I will never have.""Only because you're too, well, noble to use them.""It's lucky it's dark. I haven't blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs.""The owls are nothing to the rumors flying around. You know what everyone's saying? About why he's disappeared? About what finally stopped him? What they're saying is that last night Voldemort turned up in Godric's Hollow. He went to find the Potter's. The rumor is that Lily and James Potter arearethat they're dead." Dumbledore bowed his head. McGonagall gasped."Lily and James I can't believe it I don't want to believe it. Oh, Albus!" He patted her shoulder."I know I know""That's not all. They're saying he tried to kill the Potters' son, Harry. But he couldn't. He couldn't kill that little boy. No one knows how or why, but they're saying that when he couldn't kill Harry Potter, Voldemort's power somehow broke. And that's why he's gone." Dumbledore nodded glumly."It's It's true? After all he's doneall the people he's killedhe couldn't kill a little boy. It's just astounding of all the things to stop him.but how in the name of heaven did Harry survive?""We can only guess. We may never know." McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes under her spectacles."What of the other Marauder's, Albus? Lily and James's closest friends?""Peter is dead""Oh! He was such a kind boy, if a bit shy and lonely What of his wife, Miranda? What of their daughter?""Miranda and Mia are safe. They've moved away from Godric's Hollow and taken on Miranda's maiden name. Honeycutt. Ha It always made me laugh when she was in school." Dumbledore told her, chuckling."And she hardly appreciated the laughter when her name was said What of Sirius and his daughter?""Sirius is in Azkaban.""Whatever for?" She asked in shock."The murder of Peter Pettigrew." McGonagall stared at Dumbledore in complete and utter shock."He would never HeWhat of his daughter? The poor girl lost her mother the day she was born, she couldn't have lost her father now""Alexis is being cared for by Remus Lupin. He has come out the best in this situation. Or the worst, possibly. All his friends are gone""So Remus will care for Alexis and his own son? His name was Niklaus, was it not?""Indeed.""What of Elina? His wife?""Killed by a death eater, unfortunately""Oh dear" Albus took out his pocket watch and looked at it."Hagrid is late. I suppose it was he that told you I'd be here, by the way?""Yes. And I don't suppose you're going to tell me why you're here of all places?""I've come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle. They're the only family he has left now.""You don't mean. You can't mean the people who live here? Dumbledore, you can't! I've been watching them all day. You couldn't find two people who are less like us. And they've got a son. I saw him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets. Harry Potter come and live here?!""It's the best place for him. His aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he's older. I've written them a letter.""A letter? Really, Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a letter. These people will never understand him! He'll be famous, a legend, I wouldn't be surprised if today was known as Harry Potter Day in the future! There will be books written about him. Every child in our world will know his name!""Exactly. It would be enough to turn any boy's head. Famous before he could walk or talk. Famous for something he won't even remember. Can't you see how much better off he'll be, growing up away from all that until he's ready to take it?" McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind and swallowed hard."Yes Yes You're right, of course. But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore?" She eyed his cloak as if he might be hiding the boy underneath."Hagrid's bringing him.""You think it wise to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?""I would trust Hagrid with my life.""I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place. But you can't pretend he's not careless. He does tend to What was that?" A low rumble had broken the silence around them. They looked up and a huge motorbike fell out of the air and landed on the street in front of them. If the motorbike was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it. He was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times as wide. He looked simply too big to be allowed and so wild; long tangles of bushy black beard and hair hid most of his face, he had hands the size of dustbin lids and his feet in leather boots were like baby dolphins. In his vast, muscular arms, he was holding a bundle of blankets."Hagrid, at last. And where did you get that motorbike?" Dumbledore asked him."Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore. Young Sirius Black lent it to me, before you know. I've got him, sir.""No problems, were there?""No, sir. House was almost destroyed but I got him out all right before the muggles started swarming around. He fell asleep as we was flying over Bristol." Dumbledore and McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blankets. Inside, just barely visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under a tuft of jet black hair over his forehead, they could see a curiously shaped scar, like a bolt of lightning."Is that where-?" McGonagall started to ask."Yes. He'll have that scar forever." Dumbledore informed her."Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?""Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in useful. I have one myself above my left knee which is a perfect map of the London Underground. Well, give him here, Hagrid, we'd better get this over with." Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned towards the Dursley's house."Could I Could I say goodbye to him, sir?" Hagrid asked. He bent his great, shaggy head and gave Harry what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog."Shh! You'll wake the muggles!" McGonagall hissed."S-s-sorry. But I c-c-can't stand it Lily an' James dead an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles.""Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we'll be found!" McGonagall whispered, patting him gingerly on the arm. Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. He laid Harry gently down on the doorstep, took a letter out of his cloak, tucked it inside Harry's blankets and came back to the other two. For a full minute, the three of them stood and looked at the bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously and the twinkling light in Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out."Well, that's that. We've no business staying here. We may as well go and join the celebrations." Dumbledore finally said."Yeah. I'd best get this bike away. G'night, Professor McGonagall, Professor Dumbledore, sir" Hagrid muttered. Wiping his streaming eyes with his sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorbike and kicked the engine into life. With a roar, it lifted itself into the air and off into the night."I shall see you soon I expect, Professor McGonagall." Dumbledore told her, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply. Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner, he stopped and took out the Put-Outer. He clicked it once and twelve balls of light sped back to the street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street. He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four."Good luck, Harry." He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.A/N Comments, questions, etc, etc, are welcome in the reviews. I'll have the next chapter up today because I know this one was very boring. 
