A/N: Hey guys! welcome to my fanfic! This is my first fanfic so please just take that into account when you read this crappy piece of literature- I'm just a beginner, I will get better. All advice is appreciated, and I hope you enjoy!Chapter oneHermione woke to the sound of breathing beside her, and the feel of warm, muscular arms around her skinny waist. She could feel Fred's heavy breaths, breathing warmth onto the back of her neck; she didn't want to move, in case she woke him. Her mind flashed back to the night of the battle, how Fred and herself had raced to the chamber of secrets to find the horcrux; she felt a smile creeping up on her lips, if they hadn't been there at that very point in time, if they hadn't figured out where they needed to go that night, she probably wouldn't have been lying here, snuggled into his warm chest on this summer's morning. She was thinking about all those things when the firm arms wrapped further around her, pulling her tighter into his body, "morning" he murmured into her ear. She slowly spun round in the bed, and kissed him lightly on the lips, "good morning" she said back, not bothering to hide the beam on her face or the spring in her voice. As she rested her head on his muscular chest, she slid her arms underneath the back of his shirt, and pulled him closer into her, Fred didn't object. "We have the joke shop open today 'mione, if you want to come along? Better than staying at the burrow with my parents and Ginny" he said, she could hear the hopefulness in his voice. "Yeah, I will check with my parents, because I haven't seen them in a few days, but I'll pop round later i think". Hermione had been spending most of her nights either at Fred and George's apartment, above the joke shop, or at the Burrow, where Ginny and Ron stayed, and Harry too, if he wasn't round at the Tonks household, where his young godson, Teddy Lupin lived. She had barely seen her parents since they returned from Australia, their old memories in-tact.Suddenly, Fred and herself were interrupted, as the bedroom door opened, revealing Fred's twin brother, George. "Freddy! It's time to get up; we have the shop open today and-oh! Hermione! Hi! I never knew you were here, good to see you, again! I was out most of last night, with Angelina, didn't get in 'till late. But, um... this is awkward, I'm just going to leave now, but come down when you're ready, both of you", George backed out of the door, with an immature smile on his face. Hermione and Fred both knew exactly what he was thinking, and both went very red.Half an hour later, they showed their faces in the kitchen. George was sat at the far end of the table, with a mug of coffee. He was reading the daily prophet, where they were still publishing all the names of those that died in the battle of Hogwarts, which had taken place a month and a half ago. "Hello there, lovebirds" George grinned childishly at them. Fred was the first to speak, "Good day George, how are you on this fine morning?" He said, with a sarcastic smile. Although they were best friends, and brothers, they had the weirdest ways of showing affection for eachother, Hermione thought. "Well, I had a phone call from mum this morning, and dad and her are coming round in about an hour, meaning Ginny will insist on coming too, and if Ginny's coming, so will Harry, and since Ron doesn't like to be left out, it's turning out to be a family gathering", he said it too casually. Hermione and Fred shared a panicked glance, Hermione would have to leave very soon, or else the Weasley's would find her inside Fred and George's apartment, with wet hair from a shower, and slippers on her feet. There wasn't any doubt they could work out the math from that. Fred helped her clear any evidence that she'd been there in the past 24 hours, then Hermione apparated out quickly before any of the twin's family found her there. She gave a sigh of relief, and snuck past her parent's living room- where her mother and father were watching the television- before she could be questioned on anything...
