I have it all written in plotlines and such, now it's just writing the chapters. I will first do a 'First year after the war' and probably a 'Second year' after the war in detail. Maybe a third year that depends. Reason for that is purely that I am not ready to leave Rose and Harry yet (apparently a lot of reviewers are not ready as well to leave them yet) and the first two or three years I still have the exciting things planned. After that it might get pretty boring. But I'll make some one shots probably. We start of at the day after the battle. As an explanation, Harry and Rosella have slept at Grimmauld Place for the day. And are now back in the following morning. Sequel to Rosella DumbledoreChapter 1 Victims of WarEveryone knows how beautiful the world could appear after a severe storm. The ruin and destruction it caused was devastating. It brought tears to one's eyes. But.. In the light of a new day, hope was a promise. Even magical.And as the sun announced the new day on the 4th of May, Rose was walking over the corridor's on the third floor to escape the 'mobbing' downstairs. It wasn't like her to leave like that but she just wanted peace and time to mourn over the great castle that once served as her home. Now Hogwarts lay in ruine.The usual armors that used to adorn the hallway's were all gone, scattered around the castle. Most of the armors had been used as their first defense on the entrance bridge, transfigured to moving soldiers. She vaguely wondered how McGonagall was going to get them all back to their places again.The Charms classroom was no longer a room. Only half the stonewall was still up as proof that nearly forty-eight hours ago there had actually been a wall separating the hallway to a grand classroom. Rose picked up one of the Fourth year Charm's books that had been apart from the stacks Professor Flitwick held them. The tables on which they used to learn looked like they were poured with gasoline and then lit. It reminded her a little of the burned ashes that were left behind long after a bonfire had ended.Glass and stone were spread around the equally battered floor and she had to watch her step as she walked out of the rubble space she could no longer call a classroom. As she walked further she looked at what used to be the entrance to the clock towers. Now one door lay faced to her and one was nearly hanging on its hatches. The walls surrounding the clock tower were covered with large cracks and holes. Rose still didn't know what exactly had happened when she, Harry and Voldemort were all falling through the different floors, but they've definitely been right through the clock tower. She couldn't believe that it was all a little less than 48 hours ago.She tried to smile as she took a peek down over the grounds. It was over, everything had ended and Voldemort was dead. The Second War was over. And last night she had woken up, while half of her body was wrapped around her soul mate's. She had looked at her hero's sleeping and content face. His rough features and the messy black hair still smudged with blood and dirt.And still Everything was different. But for the good this time. The world beamed brightness somehow, an utter contradiction with how grim and gloomy it had seemed the past year. Dark times appeared to be over for real now. So she had shifted herself closer on her soul mate's chest again and had listened to the rhythm his heart was beating in. Her arm, which had slid down to his waist, she had repositioned on his chest and shoulder, gripping it a little more tightly to have more of him. As if to make sure she would never be parted from him again."Hey!"Rose startled from her daydream only to look up and have him right in front of her. He still looked tired. Everyone looked so tired.Though she and Harry had slept for a whole day she knew many others had not. Fabian and Neville were just a few of the many that had stayed. She knew why. Getting all the bodies of the ones that had been lost out of the castle to the Ministry so their family's could collect them, and prepare the funerals.That thought made her extremely sad. Something she was not looking forward to, not at all!Sirius had gone that same morning. To tell Andromeda about her daughter and son in law. Their deathsHer breathing hitched. "Hello." She said with a small smile that never reached her eyes.Harry returned it in the same manner. Rose wondered if any of them would ever be able to smile fully again. Because now, she deemed it impossible."I wondered where you were." He said quietly closing his arms around her.Rose snuggled into his chest, grateful for the feeling of security he beamed for her. "I wanted to see, I thought I would be able to get some closure." She looked around her again absently. "I guess I was wrong"Harry nodded and she felt him leaning his head on her crown. He sighed deeply but was comfortable in this position. Rose knew that he wanted her close at all times. It was part of the soul bond they shared. The danger they had been in. They needed to be close for a long while now."We all have a long way to go."And as he kissed her crown softly, Rose smiled and raised her head to look at him. His messy black hair, the green emerald eyes which held a sincerity and fire in them. She could stare at him for hours knowing she would never grow bored."Let's take a walk," Harry said suddenly and took her hand. Before she could wonder why in Merlin's name he wanted to take a stroll right at that moment, she was already following him. Making sure that they didn't trip over the rubble of bricks, parchment, broken furniture and books.It was so strange, Rose thought as they passed the empty portrait of Vindictus Viridian on the Grand Staircase. It was like the castle was slowly awakening. It wasn't only strange it was a beautiful process. Hopeful. Like life was getting into a normal pace again.Rose just hoped that it was true.Finally they reached the Headmaster's office where the gargoyle had fallen down into pieces and Rose stared at it a little. "It's fallen down!" she gasped."Yes," Harry said barely able to hold a grin."Harry don't laugh about it," Rose said still pitying the statue."Never you mind, I'm just laying here!" the statue suddenly roared. Rose shrieked and Harry began laughing but held out his phoenix core wand."Wingardium Leviosa." The gargoyle flung up and Harry carefully guided him to lean against the wall."Thanks Potter, or should I say, The Man Who Defeated The Dark Lord?" the gargoyle now replied. Rose saw Harry grin again but in an uncomfortable manner."Just Harry."Harry took her hand and leaned against a broken window banister and stared to the grounds. Rose did the same. And they did not speak for awhile, just holding each other's hand was sufficient. This side of the castle actually looked the least battered and burned. If she looked from the right angle and squinted her eyes a bit. She could just pretend that nothing had happened. But off course if nothing had happened they would've still been stuck with Voldemort.Rose thought that high up in the castle they could avoid the heavy load of the current situation. But downstairs were the memories again and the ruin of the Battle. The Battle of Hogwarts. That was what they called it already. And Harry was not just the Boy Who Lived anymore. He was The Man Who Defeated The Dark Lord. More famous than ever. She knew that the reporters would not leave them alone for a while now.Harry sighed deeply and she turned her head to him. He could only smile weakly at her and a bright gleam did hit his remarkable eyes. "A lifetime." She frowned at him. "Would it be strange if I told you I never really considered I would have a life. I thought I would not live long enough to I don't know. Have an education after Hogwarts, find a job, worry about normal things."She bit her lip and pinched his hand. "It wasn't important till now Harry." She sighed as well and looked over the grounds again."Hey!" Harry touched her cheek and she tried to smile at him. "I'm happy I will get to worry about those normal things. We will spend the rest of our lives together. It will be nice." He grinned as he thought about it.She laughed and hoped it was true."I heard you two were somewhere," Fabian was coming up the stairs and Rose embraced him when he was close enough. Fabian was being praised as well. He had been the new leader of the Order of the Phoenix. She wondered if they would mob him as much as they would Harry and her. "Are you alright Rose?"Rose didn't reply but touched his cheek and brushed away some of the dirt that was still there. "You haven't been dragging bodies all night long have you?"Fabian touched her hand and leaned into the comforting touch, closing his eyes as if he was in pain. "I have I wanted to make sure They They should be honored Rose. I want to be absolutely sure that they didn't went missing in all this mess. And there were still people all around the castle buried in the rubble. Luckily McGonagall had a sort of locater spell. It was gruesome, but it was the fastest way. It wasn't just me there were a lot of people that stayed behind. Bill, Fleur, Charlie, Neville, Seamus. Loads and we kind of took turns"Rose nod her head that she had listened. Harry put his hand on his shoulder. "It's good Fabian. It is, it would be terrible if one of them went lost. They don't deserve that."Fabian sighed and looked around at the mess. "What are you doing here?" he asked finally.Rose shrugged as she let go of him. "Closure I guess, we wanted to see if we could help. But when we saw everything and the people And the Great Hall was a little suffocating, we wondered off"Fabian nodded his understanding. "Many have stayed behind, not able to move on to their grief. They wanted something to do. And they want you to be proud of them, be part of their grief. You offer them hope. I know it's suffocating and you don't need it right now.""It's okay," Harry said quickly. "I never liked the attention, but for once. It is a good thing if our presence helps them. Because I am proud, and grateful. It is the least I can do, right?""We owe you." Fabian said seriously. But before Harry could reply Fabian gestured for them to follow. "Let's go." he said and turned around slowly. And they followed him, of the stairs, again making sure to check the ground before they moved their feet and they reached the Great Hall. The Hall was a little more deserted now. McGonagall and Kingsley had send most of the remaining wizards and witches home telling them they could come back to help rebuilding if they felt like doing just that. But people needed to rest up, tend to their wounds and inform families. Some had to claim their lost family member or friend at the Ministry, and arrange the funeral.Rose let out a huge breath and walked over to their parents, Hermione and all the Weasley's.They turned when Harry, Rose and Fabian came to stand with them.Mrs. Weasley was still in tears but stood quite strong still and Rose knew suddenly what they had been talking about."Maybe we should go together, I promised Andromeda we would sign for Remus and Nymphadora arranged everything" Sirius said quite hoarsely."Yes oh yes Sirius, that would be nice." Mrs. Weasley said with a high pitched voice. Rose swallowed a lump in her throat. They had to claim the bodies of Fred Weasley, Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Tonks."I'm going with you," George said hoarsely. And Mrs. Weasley and Sirius nodded.Sirius scratched the back of his head and then rubbed his head. "I think we should do that right away. Hun?"Her mother smiled encouraging. "I will pick up Eri from Andromeda's and inform her that we've already taken care of everything."Rose felt Harry's hand around her own and was grateful for it. She felt the support and love as if it was running from his hand into her own."Then we will all go to the Burrow and wait for your return," Charlie said gently to his sobbing mother."We will prepare some'ing to eat Molly," Fleur said in almost perfect English.The others tried to sooth Mrs. Weasley but Harry turned his attention to Alliana."Would it be okay if we went with you to Andromeda?" Harry asked.Her mother looked a little strange but nodded nonetheless. So Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, George and Sirius went to the Ministry all in a grave manner, the rest of the Weasley's, Hermione and Fabian went to the Burrow to clean themselves up and prepare dinner as Fleur said and Harry, Rose and Alliana Apparated to Andromeda's house.She felt the familiar feeling of Apparating and felt her feet landing unsteadily on the ground so she held on to her mother tight. A thing she still had to learn and graduate for. They would fix that this year.They continued over the path of marbles. "Are you sure?" Alliana asked as she was about to knock on the door. "Andromeda was pretty shaken up when Sirius left her."" Teddy is our godson. We should see him as much as possible." Harry said and he had made up his mind.At Rose's nod Alliana turned and knocked. They waited and it took a minute before Andromeda opened the door. But when she did it was a cross face of a woman who had aged several years in one night. Rose tried to hide it but she couldn't hide her worry and pity she felt towards Andromeda."Oh," Andromeda said timid but with a hint of surprise."We came to get Eri," her mother started off with a weak smile. "And Harry and Rose here, they wanted to check up on Teddy and see how you were holding up." Her mother mentioned for them to come closer but they didn't move. Rose tried to smile politely."But, oh, yes.. yes, yes off course come in," Andromeda said trying to act like they were coming over for tea, just an ordinary day.So they followed her into the house, it gave Rose the feeling as if all the people that the woman had lost had died in that very same house. The hallway was tight and suffocating without any windows in it and dark painted walls, but the living room was more inviting with the smell of many flowers and herbs. She even smelled a bit of vanilla."Come sit down, make yourselves at home." Andromeda said almost pushing all three of them in a chair."Andromeda," her mother said with a clear voice, "I'm getting Eridanus now, maybe you can bring Teddy with. Their getting big already, I can never carry them both.""Err-, yes that's right, I'll come with you off course." Andromeda quickly led the way and Alliana walked after her with worry written on her features.Harry and Rose sat in the living room staying silent for a very few moments. Rose looked around and was quite surprised by the amount of flowers. Every table, cabinet and even on the floor were flowers. She wondered why."I'm getting a headache from these smells." Harry muttered. And as Rose frowned at him he shrugged. "It reminds me of aunt Petunia's garden."Rose grinned and her mother came in with Eridanus to which Rose stood up quickly and kissed him on his little head. He murmured a little but then caught who it was kissing him and held his hands out."Wose! Wose!""Hello Eri." She let him grab her finger and she melted where she stood. He was one of the two men who could do that to her."And here is Teddy," Andromeda said unnaturally cheerful.Teddy appeared still sleepy and yawned, as he did his hair turned purple and then back to brown. Andromeda placed Teddy in Harry's arms and he looked quite lost. Especially when Teddy let his eyes wonder around and then his sleepy expression turned to a frown and then really upset. Rose knew what that meant from Eridanus when he got upset or wanted attention. Teddy opened his mouth and started crying loud, really, really loud!Harry, Rose and Alliana grimaced though Harry was looking more lost than ever and Eri was getting ready to join Teddy so it was a orchestra of cries from both."They have been doing that all day!" Andromeda covered her ears. And Rose felt more pity for her, she should be grieving. Rose caught her eye and swallowed. But then she touched the other woman's shoulder briefly. Andromeda looked at her with watery eyes."We'll take him Mrs. Tonks. You can get some much needed rest." She said clear enough to overpower the cries."T-thank you Rosella," Andromeda said with gratitude clearly present on her features. She looked so exhausted. "He looks- with the purple hair, and it's changing just like-."Alliana nodded that she heard. "Andromeda, get some rest, but if you need anything, please let us know. We will help you."Andromeda was by now crying, though not out loud like the boys, but she did nod and kissed Teddy's distressed forehead before she turned around and walked out of her living room. For a moment Rose had no idea what to do. And she knew that Harry was even further gone as he tried to shush Teddy without any success."Let's go," her mother yelled over the crying, saving her day. Alliana mentioned toward the fireplace with her head."Is that save for them?" Harry asked doubtfully. Rose almost didn't hear him but her mother nodded encouraging and went first with Eridanus. She threw a handful of powder into the fire and stepped in yelling "The Burrow!" quite loud and confident before engulfing in the flames.Rose looked at Harry who still wasn't that sure so she took over Teddy from him and held him tight. "I'll go first." She said to Harry and he nodded.So Harry threw in the powder for her turning the flames green again and she stepped in. "Hold on Teddy, The Burrow!" she shouted as well. And as soon as she had yelled the place she felt herself and Teddy whirling around in colors and stepped out at the right one.The Burrow was really crowded and Eridanus had stopped crying being comforted by both his mother and father but Teddy had only worsened."I'm sorry!" she almost cried as well to the inhabitants of the room. Ginny and Fabian were covering their ears and walked out of the room. Bill was just sweeping something of the floor only to cover his ears as well. Fleur looked at her bewildered as well for Charlie and Percy on the other end of the room. Mr. Weasley smiled quite sadly and Mrs. Weasley walked over to help Harry who came out of the fireplace as well."Bring Eri outside before Teddy sets him off again." Alliana sighed to Sirius and he quickly exited as well."Traitor!" Rose couldn't help but shout after him, but soon she felt powerless and wanted to walk out with Sirius as well. Eridanus at least had both his parents there. Teddy appeared inconsolable."C'mon Teddy hush now," Rose said desperate."Just cradle him Rose," her mother told her and Rose copied the movement but Teddy really was inconsolable."M-Maybe he's just hungry?" Harry suggested."Good idea Harry!" Mrs. Weasley said and went to make a bottle with her mother."Cradle him some more," Harry shouted."I'm trying it's not working!" Rose said desperately while moving the little baby back and forth like a maniac."You are not doing it the right way. That's way too fast." Charlie said."You'll get him sick." Bill said as well with his hands over his ears."Do you want to try it?!" Rose shouted at them angrily and looked at them deadly. And the two eldest Weasley boys cowered away. About a minute of more suggestions that did nothing to sooth Teddy's mood, the two mother's came in and quickly Rose put the bottle in Teddy's mouth.The crying finally subdued and Teddy slurped and though still teary eyed he stayed quite. "Boy, you can make a noise there Teddy," Rose said relieved.The others did dare to laugh at that though real quiet as to not set Teddy off again. Rose got offered a chair to sit in and waited for Teddy to get into a slumber, which he got in quickly though he still did not appear very pleased."E's really upset," Fleur said stating the obvious."Maybe Maybe he misses his parents," Rose offered looking at the frown Teddy slept with."We should try to come up with somthing that  Tonks and Remus did" Harry said with pauses. It was hard speaking their names out loud. Almost like it was disrespectful. Rose felt her eyes watering and a second later she felt the tears leaving her eyes. But she couldn't remove them with her arms still around Teddy."We'll talk about it at home, for now it's alright. Tonks wouldn't stop talking about her son, so I'm sure we'll think of something," Alliana said with a small smile. "Molly can we use one of the rooms? We can let the boy's sleep.""Off course Alliana. We will set something up in Bill's old room." She said. "Just pass him over Rose. I'll put him to bed." When Rose had passed Teddy over Alliana and Mrs. Weasley disappeared up the cracking stairs. Rose sighed as now the commotion was gone, the graveness had returned. Everyone seemed to be going on auto pilot. Fleur and Bill were busy in the kitchen with dinner and wonderful smells were making their way to the living room. But Rose wondered who still had an appetite.Percy sighed and stood up. "I'm going to check on George."Mr. Weasley nodded and mumbled something about the garage and left as well. Rose let out a huge breath as she felt the weight of the world in the unusual alive and happy house."Charlie?" Harry asked the only Weasley left in the room. "Can you tell me where Ron is?"Charlie nodded and his eyes momentarily moved up. "He and Hermione took refuge in his bedroom.""Alright. I think I'm going to see how their doing." Harry said standing up as well. "Do you want to come with me?" He held his hand out to her."Yes," Rose answered a bit absent."We'll see you later Charlie." Harry said.Charlie gave a short nod. "We'll call for you when lunch is ready.""Okay," Harry said already leading her up the stairs. It seemed so unnaturally quiet. They past George's room but heard nothing. Not even Percy talking. George must be destroyed. Losing not only his brother but his twin. His other half. They past Bill's old room and heard Mrs. Weasley singing quietly. Rose wondered if Mrs. Weasley would ever be the same again. Her biggest fear had become a reality. One of her children had died. She unknowingly pinched Harry's hand quite tightly and he stopped before taking the stairs leading to the topfloor."I know Rose. It will be alright," He assured her pinching her hand as well."Do you remember which shapes the Boggart took when it focused on Mrs. Weasley?" Rose whispered.Harry's features saddened and understood what she wanted to say. "Yeah, I do.""Her biggest fear became a reality," Rose whispered urgently. "We've won the War, but it has cost us. How could we ever be happy again-."But Harry smothered her by kissing her and she felt happiness soaring through her. Her inner being, craving for more. And as he stopped she saw his eyes shown with gold. He held both hands on her cheeks and looked at her as if she was the most important thing in the world. "We will get through this, all of us." He said softly but fierce.She blinked and smiled though not wholly. "Alright." She said.So he smiled and knocked on the door. A small voice called, "Come in" and they opened the door. Upon entering Rose was greeted by orange painted walls and the posters of Chudley Cannons. On the bed were Ron and Hermione. Though he wasn't crying anymore she still saw the stains on his cheeks. Hermione seemingly had remained strong."How are you two doing?" Harry said as he sat on the bed as well."Crappy," Ron said hoarsely and sat up a little straighter, he had been in Hermione's embrace. Hermione straightened up as well leaning into the cushions. "Or as good as you can be."Rose saw that they had showered as well. Hermione's shampoo entered her nostrils. It was a good smell. One that she related to 'normal'."How have you been doing?" Hermione asked tiredly."We were at least able to sleep," Rose couldn't make herself to say fine. That was Harry's standard answer. And it was for later. How long she didn't know."What was all the commotion about downstairs?" Hermione asked again. "Are the boy's with you?""Yeah, Eri and Teddy both." Harry answered this time. "We went to Andromeda's. She's not able to take care of little Teddy right now. You know""Yes. Yes off course, she needs to grief." Hermione said quietly.They were all silent for awhile. Swept away by their own thoughts. Rose herself was thinking about the battle, crazily enough. Just flashbacks of everything that had happened. People she had seen falling. Their encounter with her grandfather Albus. It had all gone so fast."Will it ever be the same?" Ron's hoarse voice interrupted her thoughts.Harry smiled encouragingly. "Off course it will Ron." He said. And Rose thought that he was really calm about it. So she had to as well."It will just take time." Rose added and Harry looked at her grateful. "Only time."When they were called for lunch they all hurried downstairs. Percy and George had still not come down after being called but they all left it and nobody said anything about their absence. Lunch was an unusual silent gathering considering the amount of people. Nobody really said anything but an occasional 'pass the butter please' or a compliment to Fleur and Bill for their effort. After lunch Rose, Harry, Alliana, Sirius left with the boys still asleep through the Floo. They were all still down as they walked into the living room of Grimmauld Place."We should get the boys in bed here," her mother said tiredly. She really looked exhausted and both her and Sirius were appearing to have aged within these terrifying nights."We can do that mom," Rose said offering her arms to take Eridanus from her."Rose, you and Harry have been through so much" her mother said tiredly."We've slept and you checked us over this morning. We're fine. I bet you two didn't even rest or sleep." Harry said while taking Teddy from Sirius' who appeared indeed, too really do something about it."There was so much to do" He said. Rose didn't like seeing her parents like this."We will put the boys to bed. You won't be able to help anybody if you are a wrack yourself." Rose said undignified. And though her mother seemed to hesitate for a moment, she did give Eridanus to Rose. "You should really get some rest. Harry and I will take care of the boys. There is always tomorrow you know.""If you're sure," Sirius said with a tired sigh as well and they made their way through the hall and up the magnificent stairs. Hanging on to each other."Sure," Harry said, though he looked a little less sure with Teddy in his arms."Rest up," Rose insisted."Alright, but if something's wrong.." Alliana said."Yes, yes, we'll call for you." Rose said while she and Harry took a left to the boy's room and Alliana and Sirius would continue their way upstairs."Close the door Harry." Rose said as they put Teddy and Eri each in a separate cradle. "And put some spells up to make sure they don't hear the boy's cry."Harry took out his wand and did the spells in the direction where their room was. Then he sat down on a chair near the window and rubbed his eyes."Are you alright?" Rose asked worriedly. He didn't really look tired. But something was still off."It's all fine Rose."So Rose left it. Apparently he didn't want to talk about it and she didn't have the will nor the energy to push him. She covered Teddy up. The house was still a bit chilly somehow. But Kreacher would take care of that for now. There were so many things they should think about, or better talk. So many things would have to be arranged."Don't frown so much it will give you wrinkles."Rose looked up and chuckled at Harry's foolish grin. "Only when I'm older.""That's something to actually worry about isn't it?"Rose frowned a bit deeper at that statement. "Harry?"But Harry only sighed deeper. Rose couldn't understand why. But then he suddenly started laughing. To her surprise it became real out loud sniggers and tears were coming from his eyes. "Shh, you are waking up the boys!" Rose hissed not wanting to have another orchestra of cries. She moved towards him and looked worried. "You sure you have not lost your mind?"Harry heaved and pulled her on his lap. Rose stifled a shriek and pulled her arms around his neck. She smiled as he kept on smiling with that foolish grin still plastered on his face."You Rose, you are actually going to grow up. Be old, and grey."Rose chuckled. "Well you too. Old, grey and grumpy.""Yes," Harry said and both laughed quietly.It had been a long and tiresome day. Every face of their friends and family was stricken with grief. So many things needed to be done to rebuild their world. But for now they were good. They were alive and thinking about the future.And more than a day ago, that had been something she could've never thought of happening.
