Summary: 'The Order are getting desperate and cast the Spatiosus curse on Harry, hoping it will amplify the hate within him for the Dark and once and for all end the War and Voldemort. As anything that happens to Harry, it all goes a bit skew and suddenly, the Light think that maybe it wasn't such a good idea after all'Pairings: Voldemort/Harry.Category: Angst/Crack/RomanceWarnings/tags: ABSOLUTE CRACK. Slash. Adult Content: Lemons/Limes. Mentioned/Hinted MPreg. Language. Mild Violence. AU/AR  Noncanon. Dark Themes. Dark!Harry. OOC.A/N:Very Loosely Follows Canon! Very AU! Features OOC!Uke!Unrealistic!Harry, OOC!Sane!Voldemort, OOC!Friendly!Draco And OOC!Confused!Death Eaters.While this will have some serious themes, it isn't a serious fic at all, so don't come complaining about how some things aren't IC or X didn't happen that year and Y doesn't act like that.EDIT: A reviewer [on AO3] pointed out to me that my translation is rather hilarious. It doesn't quite mean what I wanted it to mean xD Google says is translates to 'Roomy' in English.I don't speak Latin obviously, so I used multiple websites to translate what I wanted and they all seemed to say the same thing TT-TT apparently not.The full cursey name thing is 'Spatiosus Contemno' - I'm not sure what I made it in English [I apparently can't take notes orz] but the spell is literally supposed to 'amplify the the strongest feelings within someone' or 'amplify hate'. Because Harry is supposed to hate Voldemort with his entire being, it should have turned him into a war-machine.As you can see [or will see], that didn't quite happen :DSigned, Lady Voldemort [But Only Because Lord Is Already Taken!]Chapter One: Dearly Beloved3 November, 1996Dear Voldemort,It's me  Harry! Bet you weren't expecting that, hmm? I'll tell you, even convincing my owl to deliver this was a mission unto itself so you better appreciate this! I know this is a bit surprising, I mean we've never written before but there's a first time for everythingright? I suppose you're wondering why I'm writing to youbut just telling you would ruin the fun, don't you think? Anyway: Hi. How are you? I'm great. Wellnot greatI'm content. I'm sitting in the library, if you were wondering  and I hope you are. It's almost curfew, so there are only a few other people in here with me. I'm hoping to finish this up and then have Hedwig [my owl] have it to you by tomorrow morning. You can read it while you eat breakfast! It always cheers me up when I read a nice letter while I'm having some toast and with how many idiots you must deal with on a daily basis, I think you could use the extra help. What do you eat for breakfast, anyway? Eggs and bacon? Oatmeal? You don't eat oatmeal, do you? That stuffs plain gross. I like French Toast with syrup, cinnamon and some bacon. The bacons optional, though. Hermione gets really disgusted when I make a sandwich with it so I can only really eat it when she's not aroundsadly, that's rarelySorry about my hand-writing, by the way. Snape says he's seen some of his potions' ingredients do better work. I think he's lying. Ugh, some Ravenclaw bint is trying to 'sneakily' see who I'm owling. Is sneakily a word? I'd ask herI asked her. She got really embarrassed and ran away, soI guess if it's not then I'm sorry? Well, at least she's gone. I think she might have been a friend of Cho's. Oh, that's Cho Chang by the way. Cedric, that guy you killed  'the spare'  was her boyfriend. I went out with her for a while  but don't worry! I got over her quickly, so I'm totally unattached! She was awful, anyway. I had my first kiss with her, yeah, and it was like rubbing my face on a fish. A fish! I was so glad when she broke up with me.I haven't dated anyone since, if you're curious. Ginny wanted to, but I can't say I like redheadsreminds me of my mum, if you know what I mean? I've heard about men 'marrying their mothers' but that's really too much for me. What if we everyou know and then I saw Mum's face instead?! I think I would abstain forever after! Oh, too much information, right? Sorry. I'm more into brunettes, anyway ;)[Do you like the winky-face? Pretty cool, right? It's a muggle thingbut I couldn't resist!]Well, I don't really have anything else to say for nowso I guess I'll go ahead and send this off. Reply soon, yeah?Signed,Lady Voldemort [BUT ONLY BECAUSE LORD IS ALREADY TAKEN!]Harry hummed quietly to himself, folding his letter and putting it into the special envelope he had nicked from Hermione's stash. He sealed it and started gathering his things, hurrying out of the Library when Madam Pince looked as if she was about to come over and scold him.It wasn't enough to wipe the smile off his face though and he walked with a visible spring in his step, excitement and those bubbly-butterfly feelings welling up inside him as he thought about how his letter would be received. He knew it would probably take a while for Voldemort to see that it wasn't a joke, but he was prepared to do whatever it took to make him understand.They were meant to be together, after all, and Harry wasn't about to let silly things like a war get in the way of their love.Chapter 1/To Be Continued
