"Peter Pettigrew is to receive the Dementor's kiss in an hour. Sirius Black, you have hereby been released from all your charges. In reimbursement, we grant you the custody of young Harry James Potter, and 1'000'000 galleons. Enjoy your freedom," announced Cornelius Fudge with a scowl. Poor old Fudge was not happy that he'd been proven wrong for placing Sirius into Azkaban.A loud whoop came from Sirius as he lurched himself into Remus Lupin's arms. The two guys shared a hug that lasted longer than most would think appropriate for two friends. However, it turns out that these two weren't just friends; they were lovers. Very few people knew about their relationship at the moment, but those who did were happy for the couple. If anyone looked closely, they could see the tears in the pair's eyes.Among the crowd were the Ministry, Albus Dumbledore, Arthur Weasley, and thirteen year old Harry Potter who was hiding under his cloak of invisibility. Sirius had forbidden Harry from coming to the trial, just in case Sirius was found guilty and received the Dementor's kiss. The boy had understood his Godfather's reasoning, but still wished to be there anyways. So, Harry made a front to bar himself in his room at the Burrow the two weeks before the trial, and only come down for food (Sirius was kept in a holding cell at the Ministry). Everyone was under the pretense that he was still in the room, but he had truly snuck out earlier in the morning and went to the trial under his father's old cloak.Over the two weeks spent in his room, he had researched Animagus and decided to attempt becoming one. It was just yesterday that Harry had succeeded in becoming an illegal Animagus, although, his form surprised him. Due to his Patronus being a stag, he'd been under the assumption that he would take the form of one as well. Instead, he had been turned into a huge black dog like Sirius'. Except, since Harry was younger, his form was still an older puppy and smaller than Sirius. No one knew that Harry was now an unregistered Animagus except for Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. Both had helped him with the studying, rather grudgingly mind you, but helped him nonetheless. Harry had plans to inform Sirius and Remus when he moved in with them.The thought that Harry was now going to live with two adults who actually cared for him was unbelievable. After being neglected by the Dursley's for thirteen years, he had no idea what living with parental figures would be like. Would he still be expected to do the cooking and the cleaning? Would his friends still be banned from visiting him? Will he be able to do his schoolwork during the day, instead of at night under his covers? These questions seem so easily answered by everyone, except young Mr. Potter who had no idea what it was like to live with people who loved him.Harry was still a bit wary too though. After all, he had only just met Sirius several weeks ago. He did trust Remus though, as he was Harry's favorite professor. A part deep down inside him, told him that he knew and could trust his Godfather; that part recognized Sirius from when Harry was a baby. But he knew it was going to be some time before he reciprocated Sirius' love. I just hope I can be the son he wants me to be. Harry would never want Sirius to replace his father, but he knew that his father would accept his view of Sirius as another father.Knowing that Sirius and Remus would soon head to the Burrow to inform Harry of the good news, he quickly went to the fireplace and threw in some Floo Powder. Stepping inside, he looked around to make sure he was alone before saying "The Burrow," firmly. Spinning like a top, Harry passed several fireplaces before arriving at the Burrow. Flying out of it ungracefully, he stumbled into the Weasley's living room, grateful that no one was in the room. Still with the cloak draped around him, he fled upstairs and into his room where Hermione and Ron were waiting for him. As he closed the door behind him and took off his cloak, Ron and Hermione both spoke up."Is he free? Did he receive the Kiss?" Ron demanded."Tell us Harry, what happened?!" Hermione shrieked. Harry grinned at her, telling both of them all they needed to know. "He's free!"The three friends shared an enormous hug as Harry recounted everything that had occurred at the trial."Wow. So you're finally going to have a home and adults who like you," Ron said dumbly. Hermione slapped him hard across the arm. "Bloody hell, what was that for?!"Hermione glared at him. "Can you be anymore insensitive? Harry already had a home at Hogwarts, and many of the professors liked him. The only thing that's changing is he's getting a new home with two parental figures who love him.""Thanks Hermione. I just hope that it will all work out. I do feel bad though because as soon as Sirius is set free, he's getting saddled with a teenage boy," Harry muttered as he looked out the window, waiting to see Sirius and Remus Apparate.A hand was placed on his shoulder, and he turned to face Hermione. "Harry," she chided. "Sirius loves you, and wouldn't want you to live anywhere but under his roof. Don't think of yourself as a burden, but instead a blessing that can help him through this rough time. I mean, after being in Azkaban for so long, he's going to go through some troubling times, and he is going to need both you and Remus to help him.""Thanks Hermione," Harry said softly as he smiled gratefully at his friend. "You're right, as always.""Why do you sound surprised about that?" Hermione scoffed at him while Ron snorted.Out of the corner of his eye, Harry saw Sirius and Remus appear outside of the Burrow. "Time to go greet Sirius, and remember, I was never at that trial," Harry said firmly before taking off out of the Burrow, Ron and Hermione at his heels. Bursting out of the Burrow door, Harry put a large grin on his face as he stopped in front of Sirius and Remus. "You're free?"When Sirius nodded with a huge smile, Harry surprised both him and his Godfather when he hugged him. "Thank God!" Ron voiced from behind them as Harry released Sirius, both blushing a bit.
