Disclaimer: I own nothingRegulus Black sneered at the stupidity of it all. Why separate the children? Why leave one with muggles and the other the pleasure of his godfather? His brother and the werewolf were bloody idiots and he could not believe he had ever been friends with Severus Snape. Apparently, Lily had gone behind James' back and made Snape a godfather to one of her sons. Something wasn't right in that movement. Last he had heard Snape and Lily had parted ways. Lily marrying James and Snape joining the Death Eaters. But he really did not care, so he didn't dwell on it. Evanson, Evan for short, would be raised by Snape. The Great Albus Dumbledore had decreed it. Regulus rolled his eyes, Snape had certainly become a slave with two masters. Oh how the man must hate his life.Sirius, Regulus shook his head, he couldn't believe his brother. Dumbledore had saved his older brother from Azkaban about a week ago. It had been believed that Sirius was James and Lily's Secret Keeper until Remus Lupin had confessed how the Marauders had become animagi in their fifth year. Thus when Dumbledore, who had been visiting the Weasley family, saw the rat, he turned Pettigrew in and freed Sirius. Sirius, thankful as ever, had become unnaturally loyal to the old man. Dumbledore, most likely, sweet talked his brother with a bunch of pretty words. Manipulated the poor fool too, especially in his grief ridden state.Now Regulus was trying to rescue the Potter heir. During James' final year at Hogwarts the hazel-eyed young man had been extremely nice to Regulus. Looking back, Regulus figured that the new James Potter had seen his old self in him. He remembered James trying to give him advice. Regulus had ignored him thinking the other boy was spouting off nonsense.Regulus had gone on to be a Death Eater and had almost died. He couldn't remember why he had almost died, just that he had. He had awoken with Kreacher dead beside him and his head cracked open, bleeding copiously. He was in a cave and from where he had stood he could see the hands and arms of humans. Inferi had been in the water in that cave. He had escaped, never returning to the Death Eater ranks again. He made his family swear to let no one know he was alive.His grandfather, Arcturus, had been left in charge of the Potter Estate. Arcturus and Charlus had made a pact. If one of them were alive and all that was left of the other's family they would take care of the Estate. Neither trusted James and Sirius with the family possessions. Not because they were incompetent, but because they listened to Dumbledore too easily. Charlus and Arcturus made both Sirius and James swear a vow. The two lords had been adamant about that. Charlus had no wish for Dumbledore to ever get his hands on the Estate. Because Harry was the Heir, he was to be placed with the Blacks. But Albus Dumbledore had no use for rules and his older brother had no use for a backbone.Harry was a quarter Black which allowed Regulus to use a ritual to find and bring the child to Number 12 Grimmauld Place. After placing crystals on the floor in a circle, Regulus began to chant. A few minutes passed and the crystals began to glow a neon green. The procedure was tiring, but Regulus pushed forward. The crystals grew brighter and soon enough a squalling, red-faced toddler was sitting in the middle of the floor."Hey, hey little man." Regulus wrinkled his nose. The child had on a disgusting nappy. It seemed that his relatives had not changed the child since being placed in their care. Regulus would take care of the child, but he would not change a nappy. "Tippy," he called."Yes, Master Regulus," Tippy's eyes went wide as she looked at the child."Tippy I need you to change the child's nappy.""Yes Master."While Tippy changed Harry's nappy, Regulus went to go find his grandfather. "Sir, Harry is here.""Harry?" Spat Arcturus Black, "How...muggle."Regulus shook his head, old men and their ways. "What would you like the child's name to be?""I have no idea, but if he is to be the Black heir as well, he will need a name befitting of a Black." Regulus didn't want to marry and Sirius was well on his way to being disowned. That left Harry, Draco Malfoy, a Weasley child, or the Longbottom boy as possible heirs. Augusta would never allow her grandson to associate with the Blacks, even if her mother-in-law was one; Draco was a Malfoy and from the way Abaraxas, Lucius, and Narcissa spent money the House of Black would be destitute before anyone knew it; and the elder Blacks would rather keel over and die than to allow the blood-traitor Weasleys back into the family. "Maybe Hydrus or Hyperion. We should pick a new name. There have been far too many Blacks with the names Arcturus, Regulus, and Sirius."Yes, sir." Regulus walked back to Harry shaking his head. After blood adopting the child, he planned to leave. Get away from Britain for a while. He loved his family, he truly did, but he didn't think a child should be raised in the environment that he was reared in. He planned to teach the child tolerance. He had lived amongst muggles and they were not as bad as he had been led to believe. The muggleborns and the muggle raised could use some help, but then again so could the magical raised."Thank you, Tippy," Regulus said as he walked into the nursery. Tippy had to apperate the new, young master there so she could change him. The house elf smiled at Regulus. He had not always been polite and grateful, but he had not been nasty like the others in his family. He changed because he knew, even if he couldn't remember, that Kreacher had saved his life. Kreacher had been extremely loyal. And a loyal house elf would do just about anything."Hi Harry. Your life might not be the same, but it will be better than what you were left with." Intelligent green eyes stared back at him. Those eyes were gorgeous. He hoped they wouldn't change after the adoption. Regulus tickled the child causing the toddler to giggle."Dada?"Regulus bit his lip, "No, not Dada. Papa, call me Papa."The Blacks were having dinner at Number 12 Grimmauld Place. They were subdued, retaining nothing of their former glory. Only Walburga and Arcturus held their heads up high. Cygnus looked lost and regretful and Druella was not her usual kept self. Pollux and Irma kept staring at each other as if having a silent conversation. Orion was hunched shouldered and looked more submissive than usual and Melania was wringing her hands. They must have realized that their family was full of Death Eaters and sympathizers. Cygnus had not a daughter left. Bellatrix was in Azkaban, Andromeda had run away, and Narcissa was the happy princess living the high life, she had no use for the Blacks anymore. Barty Crouch Junior had been discovered as a Death Eater as well as Evan Rosier and Vincent Crabbe Senior. Rosier was dead and Crabbe had escaped Azkaban because of his change. James was dead, Frank was better off dead, and Sirius had run away. Regulus was the only one left and that had only been by chance.Regulus cleared his throat, he decided to be blunt. He was quite frankly sick of being sneaky and underhanded. This family was due for change. "I...Harry Potter is upstairs." At that statement the eyes of everyone else had become wide."What? A...a half-blood? Here?" his mother asked aghast."Be quiet Walburga," Pollux commanded. Arcturus looked at him surprised, Pollux had never been a disciplinarian. Looking around, Arcturus noticed that most of his family members were not themselves."What is wrong with you all? You are behaving as if someone has died."Cygnus sneered, "People are dead, Archie""Do not refer to me with that awful appellation," he hated that nickname."Was it worth it?" Druella asked softly."What?" Walburga snapped back."Was it worth it? Because from where I am sitting, it was not""Druella..." Cygnus laid a hand on her shoulder. It surprised the rest of the table. Cygnus was cruel just like the rest of them and emotion was unbecoming of a Black."What are you on about, Druella?" Arcturus asked sharply. "Was what worth it?""Was the sympathizing worth it? Is blood purity worth it?"Arcturus narrowed his eyes, "I beg your pardon? Toujours pur is our family motto"Pollux decided to intervene, "Maybe it means purity of mind, purity of souls, purity of magics."Arcturus really had nothing to say, so he just cast his cousin a look of disdain."Father? Father what is it that you are trying to say?""Blood purity has gotten us nowhere. Look at our family. Look at Britain as a whole. Supposedly the Dark Lord had been fighting for us; our cause. But the old families have been decimated. McKinnon, Bones, Potter, Longbottom, Meadows, Prewitt and so many others have been wiped out or on their last leg. We need to change. As a family and as a nation. We need to find a balance between tolerance and tradition."Silence. Complete and utter silence, most were in agreement. Only Walburga and Arcturus looked skeptical."I agree," Regulus voiced his opinion. "I...blood purity is not everything. Snape, a half-blood, had as much or more power and skill than the other purebloods. Only myself, Sirius, James, and Bella could match or come close to.""Regulus," his mother screeched, "You are beginning to sound like your brother."Regulus was hard pressed not to roll his eyes, "Mother, I doubt Sirius ever complimented Snape and I sound nothing like him. I have yet to mention Dumbledore." At that several members growled."And what," Cygnus questioned, "Do you plan to do about him if we are to begin this...revolution.""Neutralize him. As I said, I have Harry Potter upstairs. That automatically brings in Longbottom, whether Augusta likes it or not. Prewitt and Bones are vassels of Potter. We can talk to Lucretia and Muriel Prewitt, see what we can do about...the Weasley children...and maybe we can talk to Cedrella." Regulus cringed as his mother opened her mouth to protest. However, Pollux held up his hand and motioned for Regulus to continue, "Zabini, Greengrass, Ashworth, and Warrington are neutral families. Evan Rosier is dead. And Yaxley, Selwyn, and Rowley are all in Azkaban. Their wives have sons and daughters. Maybe they can be persuaded. Manipulate their maternal love.""You have thought a lot on this grandson.""Yes, Grandsire. I have. I have already stated this, but Harry Potter is upstairs and this country is in need of a new leader. Maybe just maybe that leader is upstairs."Arcturus, ever the opportunist, perked up. "We could raise one of the greatest wizards of all time. Potter-Black hero of the world. Its newest savior.""Potter-Black you will adopt him but...but what about Draco?" asked Druella."Would you want him as Head of the Family. A boy raised by Lucius the big spender."Druella sniffed, "The child can change he is but one and a half."Why do we need that...that half-blood as heir. Reg you could get married to a wonderful pureblood...""Mother I have no intention of marrying and that half-blood is soon to be your grandson." He smirked internally at her look of distaste.Melania asked, "I thought Sirius was the boy's godfather and where is the other child."Regulus sighed, "Sirius was talked into letting the boy stay with muggles and the other child is with his godfather, Severus Snape."The Blacks were outraged, "That fool!" Pollux said."Raised by muggles.""You mean to tell me three men, born of noble blood, disowned or not, would allow a magical child to be raised by muggles?" Irma asked aghast."Snape is obviously not a very good Slytherin. To have been able to raise the savior of the wizarding world and to just let that chance pass him by...unbelievable," Cygnus said incredulously.Regulus disagreed. Snape was a very good Slytherin when he wanted to be, except when it came to the Marauders. Whenever the Marauders were involved Snape became reckless and foolish, always trying to get them into trouble. His plans never seemed to work, one almost got him killed.Orion who had been quiet until then said, "So...ahem...Sirius is still with Dumbledore?""Yes," Regulus answered simply."And Dumbledore talked him into giving the child away?""Most likely."His father became even more dejected. Sirius had run away from home at sixteen, taking up shelter with the Potters. By that point Charlus had been moving away from the light and Dumbledore, but James and Sirius had been too caught up in Albus Dumbledore to listen to Charlus. When the war had reached its highest a lot of the Heads of Houses began moving away from the side they had been sympathetic to. But for their children, they had been too late. Too late for the Heirs and Heiresses to see what their parents saw. Many parents were left with regret. Some, Regulus looked around, sat at the table with him."So, what happens now?" Asked Cygnus."We try to correct our mistakes. Ask for forgiveness," Pollux looked pointedly at Cygnus and Druella, "and attempt to become better people."Pollux held the child, who was staring at him with unsettling, intelligent eyes. "Hello nephew...well grandson. How are you young man?" Pollux had never sat with Wally, Sirius, or Regulus like this, but he was getting old and sentimental. His family, his beliefs, his country had all but been shattered and destroyed. He was lost and confused. Everything he had known and been taught seemed wrong. "There is no mistaking what family you belong to son," playing with Harry's hair, "this messy mop you call hair is a dead giveaway. You probably will have to wear glasses as well. Maybe the adoption will correct that." He rubbed the child's scar thinking about his family. Cedrella, Marius, and Andromeda had been on his mind a lot lately. Cedrella had married a Weasley. Pollux grimaced, while Septimus had been an okay sort his son Arthur had no backbone. But the Weasleys were still blood-traitors and they bred like rabbits. Molly was on her seventh child. He hoped they would stop soon. They were poor as it was and it was unfair to the children.His brother, Marius, was a squib. Pollux and Dorea had thought it was wrong then and he felt it was wrong now. The family should have at least taken care of the Marius instead of disowning him. He wanted to see his brother and maybe invite Cassiopeia as well. He really didn't talk to Cassi that much, Dorea had always been his favorite. He would miss his baby sister.Andromeda. Poor girl had run away from being the wife of George Goyle. Pollux sighed, no amount of money should have made Arcturus even think about that contract. Lucius and Rudolphus were at least handsome, rich, intelligent men. Goyle only had the money. He remembered Geoffrey Goyle, that man had been ugly. His son was no different and Pollux believed that no amount of Black beauty would change that tradition. She had married a muggle. He almost laughed when the family had found out. He heard she was living a well, but modest lifestyle. They had a daughter, Nymphadora, who, if the rumors were true, was the first metamorphamugus in generations.He held Harry up to eye level, "You are a half-blood, no matter what. Be proud of it young man. Hold your head up, always. You are less than no one." Lily Evans had been talented. Regulus had told him the Dark Lord had offered for her. A mudblood fighting for the pureblood supremacy movement. Pollux snorted, He-Who-Must-Not Be-Named had saw potential in a muggleborn. And really who was he, who were they to judge who belonged in this world and who didn't. Magic was magic, and whomever she chose was befitting of it."Good morning, young man." Harry was dressed and being fed. "Thank you, Blitz." Blitz had been assigned to Harry. He would take care of Harry when Regulus was unavailable. Regulus picked Harry up, put him on his lap and began to feed him."Regulus, what...what are you doing? You should leave that to the elves. Tippy?""Tippy you may go back to whatever you were doing. Mother, please, I can and I will feed Harry.""Harry," she sniffed, "What an awful name. When you adopt the boy, please change it. Asterion, Capricornus, and Aquarius are wonderful names.""Haweee," Harry squealed.Regulus snorted. For his mother to be the daughter of Pollux she was very much like Arcturus. He tilted his head. His father was very much like Pollux. It was all honestly very disturbing."Regulus, please, take the child to the nursery. I cannot suffer through drooling and spitting this time of morning...or ever."Regulus rolled his eyes, his mother could be so melodramatic, "Yes mother. Come on little man. We are not wanted here."When they got to the nursery Regulus looked around. It was pretty bare. He would redecorate somewhat, but he had no intention of staying here long. He would live in one of the Black homes or he would move to the states. When Harry got older, maybe they could travel the world. Regulus did not yet know what he wanted to do with his life, but he truthfully did not need to work."Hey Harry.""I Hawwweee.""Yes I know.""Who you?""I'm Regulus.""Weg...weg a las...weglus,""Nice try. Maybe it would be easier to call me papa.""Papa...papapapa.""Yes, Papa," Regulus chuckled."Where Mama?"Regulus' smiled faltered, "Ahh, mama. Mama isn't here...she won't be back either."The child pouted, "No come back?""No Harry I'm sorry.""No Mama? No Dadadeee? Gone? No come back?""No I'm sorry." Harry began to cry. Regulus rubbed his back and rocked back and forth, making shushing and soothing noises. "It's alright. Everything will get better. I promise."Dear Andromeda, It's Regulus. It has been a while since we last spoke. The Blacks, well most of us, are trying to change. I want to warn you that you may receive a letter from Cygnus, Druella, or Arcturus in the coming days. Just be on your guard, but do not get your hopes up. I would like to speak to you very soon. I have a request to make. I cannot speak of it in a letter in case it gets lost. Andy we have never been close, but I am trying to change. I was a spoilt brat, but I have learned from my mistakes. Can you forgive an immature child? I hope so, because I really do need your help. Plus, I would like to meet your husband and daughter.Sincerely yours, Regulus A. BlackRegulus hoped Andromeda would hear him out. She had no reason to, but he would try to have faith. He hadn't been close to her. It had been him and Narcissa, the babies of the family. The spoilt prince and princess."Up!" He looked down and saw green eyes staring at him expectantly."Say 'please'""Tay pwease.""Please.""Pwease.""Up please""Up pwease."He picked up the boy and tickled him causing the child to squeal and giggle."Ahem." Regulus looked up and saw his father standing in the doorway. "Good morning, Regulus.""Good morning father.""G'mown fattthhh," Harry tried to parrot.Orion almost smiled at the child, which meant a lot coming from him. He took Harry from Regulus and held him at eye level. "What will you name him?"Regulus threw up his hands and looked to the heavens, "What is it with you people and his name?""Come son, Harry," Orion grimaced having to even speak the name, "what kind of name is that for heir Black. That girl, what was her name...the flower,""Lily," Regulus suggested."Lily, yes, she must have named him. And James went along with it. The name is too...muggle. Atlas and Taurus are strong names to consider.""Yes, sir...umm not that I don't want your company but what is it you came in here for.""To get away from your mother. She would not dare come in here. Not with the half-blood in the room. As if the child carries a disease that will contaminate her...when will the ceremony take place."Regulus shifted in his seat, "When I...if I here back from certain persons."Orion tilted his head, "Andromeda?""Yes, sir.""My father might have a fit and your mother will certainly throw a tantrum. Son, just let me know when you decide to tell them. I wish to be in my cups."Regulars snorted, "Yes, sir." He watched as his father played with Harry's hair."Regulus.""Hmmm?""I am sorry, I truly am." He handed Harry back to Regulus and left the room quickly. Regulus nodded his head. Progress.Andromeda received the letter two days later. She was confused to say the least. She had heard that Regulus had died. Sirius had told her so. Although if he had faked his death Sirius would be the last person the Blacks told. At the moment she wasn't speaking to Sirius herself. They were supposed to be taking care of Harry and Evan, but Siri had differed to Snape of all people and Harry was missing.This was the first time she had any regret about leaving the Black family. She loved Ted, but the Tonks name carried no weight in the magical world. Thus she knew she had no chance of getting Harry out from under Albus Dumbledore. She just hoped the child would forgive her one day. Evan, that poor child, would be raised surrounded by the Malfoys, Snape, and Dumbledore. She shook her head. Twas the end of the Powerful Potters.When she was disowned it hurt even though she knew it would come. She had married a muggleborn, to some of her former family members she would have been better off dead. Now they might be writing to her. When she thought of her father and Arcturus sometimes she felt an overwhelming hatred. Of all the purebloods for her to have to marry, George Goyle had to be the ugliest and the stupidest."Ted?""Yes, Andromeda?""Can we talk?""Andy," he sighed, "we have already discussed Harry. We won't be able to see him until he is at least eleven.""Ted this isn't about Harry? It's about...well it's about my family." She finished the sentence as a question rather than a statement. She didn't know what to call them."Your family? You don't mean the Blacks do you?""They are exactly who I mean.""Well what about them?" She gave him the letter from Regulus."Who is Regulus?""Sirius' younger brother.""I thought he was dead.""Apparently not.""What are you going to do?""I have no idea what I want to do about Arcturus and Cygnus. I might talk to my mother, but I do wish to meet with Regulus. He sounds as if he had grown up since we last spoke.""I will support you know matter what Andy, but...Dora I don't want her under their influence...all that much."Andy have him a look of disbelief, "She is a half-blood Ted I doubt most of them will accept her with open arms." He put his arm around her and she laid her head on his shoulder. She was still getting use to affection. She had spent most of her childhood and teenage years surrounded by coldness and wearing the Black family mask. Andromeda was trying, however. She was hell bent on giving her daughter a better upbringing than she had.Arcturus Black was going over the Potter Estate. As he was going over it he realized just how devious and smart the family was. For decades they had been hiding monies and properties overseas. Dorea had married into the family and according to records his father Sirius kept the Potter's had not told the Blacks. They had also invested under several different family names: Potter, Peverell, Bryant, and Gryffindor just to name a few. They had done this all over the world and with some muggle companies as well.They were rich. Richer than he would have expected. In terms of galleons they were richer than most British families. They were behind the Malfoys, the Ogdens, and the Flamels, but Arcturus suspected that there overall wealth was far greater than the other three. He could not believe this. This family had married into several families as old or almost as old as the Potters were. But those other families had thought they were doing the Potters a favor. It was money in exchange for power and intelligence. Who would have thought the family already had the money.He found that the Potters worked with everyone: magicals, squibs, muggles, and magical creatures. He would tie the Head house elf to Harry as soon as possible. He didn't want those creatures to leave. The child would need some when he grew up. The goblins, Arcturus sighed, they were the worse sort of living beings. Those buggers were nasty. Maybe that is why the Potters had money around the world, so the goblins wouldn't have everything. Smart.James had hired a Dumbledore approved solicitor. That would have to change. He didn't want or need to deal with the light is right fools. He wanted, needed an underhanded, darker group of associates. The child would be heir to two of the oldest and richest families in Britain. The boy would also be fighting Dumbledore and the Dark Lord, not to mention their henchmen. The child would need to be surrounded by the best and the strongest. The Potters could be even richer by the end of this. No doubt there will be books written about him. Maybe the solicitor could make them sign some contracts. Everything with his name on, the child would get a percentage.Someone knocked on the door, "Enter." It was Pollux."Archie," sometimes he just wanted to slap his cousin, "what are you doing?"Taking a calming breath he said, "I'm reviewing the Potter Estate.""Learn anything?""The entire family is devious. We will have to watch the boy. No telling what he will get into.""Hmmm...what are you going to do about Sirius?"Arcturus was finished going over the books anyway and Sirius was a pressing matter. "I have no idea. And, before you ask, I really have no wish to bring back Cedrella and Andromeda. The girl married a mudblood...""And George Goyle would have been better?""He is a respectable pureblood.""So is Lucius Malfoy," the sarcasm in Pollux' voice was clear as day."Lucius is respectable Polly. He is rich and intelligent. The Malfoys are the end all and be all of our society."Pollux shrugged, "If you say so cousin.""I cannot wait to see Hyperion and Draco grow up together and become the envy of society.""Who the hell is Hyperion?""I refuse to call that child by that name."Pollux rolled his eyes, but he did concede that the name wasn't the best for a Black heir. One thing he did doubt was Draco and Hyperion growing up together. With Regulus' new outlook and the Malfoy's beliefs he doubted whether those two would get along at all."And 'drella married a Weasley of all things.""Riches aren't everything.""And poverty isn't anything. As for Sirius he is too close to Dumbledore and I doubt he would listen to reason anyway. I had no idea that the boy had been thrown in Azkaban. I might have gotten him out if I had known.""Might have Archie?""Yes. Might have.""Sirius and Narcissa are special cases. Snape is always around the Malfoys and Sirius is always around Dumbledore and the wolf," said Pollux."Merlin, I keep forgetting about Snape and that wolf.""Yes, the wolf would be able to smell anything on Sirius and if you put Draco with Harry the boy, like all children, would not be able to keep his mouth shut. Especially with Harry being the boy-who-lived.""Yes well in Sirius' case I will not disown him yet. But he will get no financial aid or any type of sanctuary and he will be removed as third in line," Arcturus stated."Fair enough. Maybe when he is older he will have gained some insight and some maturity.""As for Andromeda and Cedrella, if I were to die tomorrow Regulus will invite them back into the family.""So you don't have much of a choice.""None that I can think of."They continued to talk about different things until Pollux left Arcturus to his business.Regulus and Harry went shopping a few days after he arrived. They both went disguised looking the direct opposite of what they normally looked like. Regulus had blond hair and blue eyes. Harry had blond hair as well, but his eyes were a dark brown.Regulus bought Harry some new clothing. He even let the child pick out what he wanted to wear. Harry seemed to like blue and silver a lot. He also bought Harry a few of toys. Harry had picked out a stuff phoenix and unicorn. He almost laughed. Creatures of the light. Let's see what grandsire makes of this. He didn't buy him that much because Christmas was in a month.They spent the day together. Harry was an exuberant child always laughing and giggling. He went to the bookstore and picked up a few children's books for Harry. He had every expectation that the child would be just as intelligent as his mother and father.After their morning together, Harry and Regulus went to Andromeda's house. She opened the door after he knocked. "Hello, how may I help you?""Andy it's me Regulus.""Meedddaaa!" Harry squealed and reached for her.She stared at the child wondering who he was. The voice sounded familiar, but their was no way possible it was who she thought it could be."Come in Reg." He walked in and she led him to the family room. Sitting the child on the couch he removed both their glamours, causing Andromeda to gasp, "Harry?""Meeda.""Regulus how did you get him?""Family ritual.""Why?""Why what?""Why do you have him?""Grandsire is in charge of the Estate until Harry comes of age.""Oh." She picked Harry up and began to kiss and play with him. "I'm so glad to see you baby boy. How are you?""Gooh," Harry answered.Still holding Harry, she said, "Would you like some tea Regulus?""Ahhh no, no thank you.""So what did you come hear for?"Taking a deep breath and looking Andromeda in her eye he said, "I have a few requests to make." At her arched eyebrow he continued, "I need you to swear to tell no one that Harry is with me, especially and particularly Sirius. Not until all the paperwork is put through, at least.""Why not Sirius?""Because Sirius would not want the child to stay with the Blacks. He will throw a tantrum and go to Dumbledore, and Dumbledore will put Harry back with the muggles."Andromeda furrowed her brow before making the oath. She didn't like it, but knew that it was necessary to keep this from Sirius. "What else Regulus?""I...I am going to make Harry the Black Heir."Andromeda smirked internally. If she still knew them as she believe she did, Andromeda would bet her left hand that Lucius and Narcissa had planned to get that money. With Andromeda disowned, Bellatrix in Azkaban, Sirius on his way to disownment, and Regulus believed dead they were in the clear. Nevertheless she asked, "The heir? A half-blood. And what about Narcissa's son...Draco is it?""That innocent face doesn't fool me Andy. And I really have no wish to try and teach young Draco how to be the next Lord Black. Lucius and Narcissa would just ruin everything I taught him anyhow. Now, as my heir Harry will need new godparents. I haven't decided who his godfather will be, but Andy...will you be Hary's godmother?"Andromeda smiled, "Yes Reg, I will be his godmother." She hugged Harry tightly and began to kiss his face causing the toddler to giggle. "Umm...Regulus what will his new name be?"At that question Regulus covered his face with his hands and laughed with abandon. After calming down he asked, "What is wrong with the name Harry?""Nothing...I mean...It's just Harry. The name just does not go along with the family. I doubt the other families would take him seriously." After a pause she continued, "Regulus...in your letter what did you mean by my parents and uncle would get in touch with me?""Andy, I, along with several members of our family, have realized that the Blacks are not respected as they used to be. Most of the old families are jokes. The only way we can get things done is through bribery and blackmail.""I do not know if I can forgive them for what they did.""I understand. If we all get together, can you umm...be cordial?""I will try."Regulus and Harry stayed for a while. Regulus was able to meet his young cousin Nymphadora."Mum I'm hoommee," she hollered. Nymphadora went to a muggle primary school. Her parents wanted to give her a taste of both worlds."Nymmieee," she heard. "Nym, Nym, Nym," was chanted repeatedly. Walking into the living room she noticed a man that looked a lot like Cousin Sirius and Harry."Harry!" She began to change the color of her hair. Harry loved it when she did that. His eyes would light up like fireworks and he would laugh loudly, just like he was right then."What are you doing here Harry?"The man who was with Harry introduced himself, "Hello Nymphadora, I'm Regulus Black. Your mother's cousin.""Oh. Well hello Mr. Black.""Call me Regulus or Reg.""Well then Reg, please, call me Tonks."About an hour after Tonks came home Ted did the same. Ted was a nice, jolly fellow. Regulus, however, didn't think the man would survive in the Black family."So Regulus when will the ceremony take place?" Andromeda asked."Ceremony what ceremony?" Tonks interrupted."Harry will be blood adopted by Regulus.""Blood adoption. I thought blood magic was illegal?" Ted inquired casting a suspicious look at Regulus."Ted, dear, Britain is filled with idiots from both sides. They all are deluded and bigoted.""And besides," Regules put in, "a blood adoption isn't illegal here, just frowned upon.""How come people say it is illegal then?""Because," Regulus answered, "no one bothers to look anymore."Regulus was looking at the Potter family. He felt bad about what he planned to do, but he was doing it for Harry. Regulus knew Severus Snape. He knew him well. Well enough to know that he would do any and everything to bad mouth James Potter and Harry by extension. Evan would arrive at Hogwarts filled with hatred for his father and brother. He could imagine the boy yelling about his rightful inheritance stolen from him. He could envision the boy going to Lucius Malfoy and Lucius working to try and get his hands on the Potter fortune...for Evan of course.Regulus planned to absolve the House of Potter. The seats, the jewels, the properties, the vaults and anything else under Potter would go under either the Peverell or Gryffindor names. From that moment on their would be no Potter family. It would have died with James. Thus Evan would get no more of the fortune than what was left to him in a vault Regulus planned to set aside. The family would most likely be Peverell, as Gryffindor was too...just too. Plus, he did not want to give his grandfather and mother an apoplexy. It would be funny to see their faces, however. But, Peverell-Black sounded much better for everyone's health.The grey-eyed man still had yet to pick a name. He would have one by the ceremony. He wondered what would change in the child's appearance. What would he receive from the Black family. Would his eyes be violet or would they turn gray? They could also just have a violet or gray tinge to them. Would his cheek bones rise? Would his hair straighten? He couldn't wait to see what would happen.The blood adoption would enhance his black blood. But it wouldn't eliminate the Evans and Potter blood running through his veins. Some blood adoptions could eliminate the original mother or father. This would only change his features a little and cause him to have three parents instead of two. Two birth parents and one magical and blood adopted."Weg! Papa!""Hey little man.""Wiwwle maan," Harry mimicked. "Pway. Pway wif me pwease Weg papa." Regulus and Harry spent the next hour and a half with each other. Playing and talking. A warm feeling rose in his chest whenever Harry would look up at him with those sparkling green eyes and that adorable smile.Harry's eyes steadily grew heavier. When the little boy yawned, Regulus picked him up and rocked him to sleep. Regulus found himself fascinated with the child. He was just so loveable and happy all the time. Harry was just what the Black family needed. Maybe this child could make a family out of them.A/N: I cannot decide on a Black family name for Harry. Also Hermione will probably be non-existent for most of this story. Ron and the Weasley's won't be seen for a while.I like praise...a lot. But I find I also like and want criticism. Plz and thank you.
