Chapter 1: Letters and Hand-Me-DownsOn one breezy November night, a bundle had be left on the doorstep of Number Four Privet Drive by a rather odd looking group of people. Inside of the bundle happened to be two children. One was Harry Potter, a little boy with a wild tuff of dark hair and a peculiar lightning shaped scar on his forehead. Curled up to his side was his sister, Rose, who had crimson colored curls and was slightly smaller. They laid sound asleep with a letter beside them, not knowing they were special, not knowing that they were famous, not knowing they would be woken in a few hours' time by Mrs. Dursley's scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that they would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by their cousin Dudley They couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: 'To Harry and Rose Potter- the Ones Who Lived!Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew and niece on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all. There had been lots of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bobble hats  but Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large, blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a roundabout at the fair, playing a computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother. The room held no sign at all that another child lived in the house, let alone two.Yet the two twins were still there, inside of a tiny room on the second floor. This room was once used to keep Dudley's toys and things that wouldn't fit into his first bedroom. Now, it became their bedroom since the two had grown out of the small cupboard underneath the staircase.Harry lied asleep in the twin sized bed, taking advantage of the extra room since his sister had already awoken. Harry was small and skinny for his age, and looked even smaller since he was forced to wear the old clothes of his gigantic cousin. Harry had a thin face, knobby knees, black hair and bright-green eyes. He wore round glasses held together with a lot of Sellotape because of all the times Dudley had punched him on the nose. The only thing Harry liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead which was shaped like a bolt of lightning.Rose stood on top of the small desk, staring outside of the only window in the room. She was even smaller than her brother and was dressed in her Aunt Petunia's hand-me-downs. Long curly dark red hair came down in waves and ended at her waist. She had a round face, bright green eyes like her brother, and dimples on each cheek. Rose enjoyed staring out of the window, which became her favorite pastime ever since her and Harry had been locked inside of their room because of a certain vanishing glass at the zoo on Dudley's birthday."Harry wake up," Rose shook her brother."Hmm?" Harry mumbled as he opened his eyes. He reached out for his glasses. "What's wrong, Rosie?" She took him by the hand and pulled him up."There some man standing outside of the house," she told him."So?" Harry responded. He peeled off his current T-shirt, and put on a cleaner one."He looks odd," Rose said as she returned to her place on top of the desk. Harry followed her to see what she was talking about. Outside, a tall man stood with shoulder length black hair. He was dressed in a grey suit with a broad brimmed hat."He doesn't look like one of Uncle Vernon's friends," Harry added. Rose nodded her head in agreement. The two watched as the strange man walked towards front door, hesitated, and then rang the doorbell. It took a moment for the Dursleys to answer the door, and another for the man to be let into the house."I wonder why he's here," Rose stated. Harry nodded in agreement. Suddenly there was a banging on their door."GET UP YOU TWO, THERE SOMEONE HERE TO SEE YOU!" Uncle Vernon yelled through the door. Rose and Harry jumped to their feet. Harry went to quickly lace up a pair of shoes. Rose changed from the oversized t-shirt that she used to sleep in, into one of Aunt Petunia's old dresses. Outside of the room, the sound of the door unlocking could be heard. Uncle Vernon swung the door open. Next to him was the odd man from outside."You have ten minutes with these brats before I call the police," Vernon told the man as he left. The man sneered at Vernon, and entered the room. He closed the door behind him. Harry and Rose stood side by side, holding each other hands as they stared at him. His dark shoulder length hair appeared greasy and he had a rather large hooded nose. His feature seemed to be stuck in a scowl. His dark eyes quickly observed the room from the three dead bolts on the door, along with the cat door, the piles off broken toys on the floor, the small bed that the two shared, to the clothes that they were wearing. Harry's shirt went to his knees and he seemed to be holding up his pants with a piece of rope around his waist. Rose's dress was torn at the bottom and kept slipping off of her small shoulders. Two pairs of emerald eyes were focused onto him."My name is Severus Snape. I am a professor at a school called Hogwarts," the man paused as if he expected them to react to his words. They didn't. "This school is for students who have certain gifts and talents. And you two have been accepted." Snape was about to continue when he was interrupted."Excuse me, sir," Harry said. "I think you have the wrong people, because there's nothing special about us." Snape gave the boy a look, not being pleased about being interrupted."Have you two ever done things that you couldn't explain?" Snape asked them. "Strange things happening when you're feeling angry or sad." Rose looked up at the Professor at that point. She thought about how every time Aunt Petunia tried to cut her hair it would grow back the next day twice as long. Harry recalled the time he was running away from Dudley's gang and somehow ended up on the roof. They both nodded their heads at him."This is because you two are wizards," Snape said."Wizards?!" Harry and Rose exclaimed at the same time. "We can't be!" They continued to speak in unison, a habit that both of them had acquired since they were little."Both your parents were wizards as well; you're defiantly not muggles," Snape told them."Muggles?" Harry asked."Those who can't perform magic, like your aunt and cousin," He replied, and pulled out two envelopes from his suit pocket. He handed one to each of them. Rose looked at the front of hers. It read:Rosalyn Lillian Potter, the Small Bedroom, 2nd Floor, 4 Privet Dive, Little Whinging, Surrey She turned the envelope over and looked at the wax seal. It seemed to be some sort of symbol with an eagle, badger, lion, and snake. Rose turned to look at Harry who was appeared to a bit bewildered. She turned to look at the man who stood before him. He seemed to be about the same age as Aunt Petunia, maybe younger. Yet his features were prematurely aged by something other than time."How do we know you're not tricking us," Rose asked suspiciously. Snape raised an eyebrow at the girl. Harry gave his sister a look before saying:"Yeah, do some magic," With that Snape pulled out a long slender stick. He pointed it at their small closet. With a flick, the closet went up in flames. Harry and Rose gasped in shock."Can you do that to Dudley?" Rose asked as a large smile appeared on her face. Snape smirked at the comment. He flicked his wand again and the closet returned to its previous condition."So we're magical and we're going to a magical school?" Harry asked. Snape impatiently nodded his head."Where are we going to get these things?" Rose asked. She had open the letter and found the list of supplies."From Diagon Alley," He replied. He pulled out a sheet of parchment that contained directions to the wizarding market. He handed it to Harry."But, sir, we don't have any money," Harry told the man. Snape pulled out another thing from his suit pocket. A key."This will allow you to access your trust fund vault in Gringotts, the wizarding bank," He said and gave the key to Rose. "You will go to Diagon Alley, and then to Gringotts, withdraw money, and purchases your supplies. Along with your supply list are your tickets to Hogwarts Express. It leaves at Kings Cross on September first. Be there before eleven in the morning." With that Snape had said everything he needed to say, and departed the room, without saying goodbye.Rose jumped to her feet to follow him, but Uncle Vernon was on the underside of the door. He slammed it shut right in her face. Rose heard the dead bolts turning and he locked the door again. She turned to look at her brother. He was rereading letter."Harry," Rose said, drawing his attention. Striking green eyes met another pair of striking green eyes. "How are we going to get to London for our supplies?""I have no idea Rosie," Harry replied. He looked at the map that Snape had given to him. "Maybe we can get a cab?""Yes with the overflowing mountain of money that we keep hidden beneath the floorboards," Rose responded."Haha, you're a riot," Harry said with a roll of his eyes. They sat down together on the floor, staring at papers in front of them. Suddenly they looked up at each other."Mrs. Figgs!" They exclaimed at the same time."If we ask nicely she might be able to take us," Harry stated, as he got up. He pulled out a small book bag that Dudley had thrown away and put their papers and key inside of it. They put on their only pair of trainers before Rose went and pulled out a hair pin. She turned to the door and began to fiddle with the multiple locks on the door. A few minutes past before a multiple clicks could be heard."Yeah, we should leave now," Rose said with a smirk, and opened the door. Harry gave her a huge grin before following her out of the room. They gently closed the door and silently made their way downstairs.Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia were watching television in the living room. Their backs were faced to them. Dudley must be in his room. Trying their hardest to remain quiet and quick as they left through the front door. Once out of the house, the twins made a running dash to Mrs. Figgs house. Mrs. Figgs lived down the street. She was one of the few people that were kind to the two. Aunt Petunia often dumped them there when the Dursleys were going out somewhere."Mrs. Figgs! Mrs. Figgs!" The two green eyed children yelled as they banged on the old lady's door. Mrs. Figgs took her sweet time answering the door. Her kind eyes brighten when she saw them."Children, a pleasure to see you well, would you like some cake?" She greeted the two."No, thank you, Mrs. Figgs," Harry quickly said."We wanted to ask if you could take us supply shopping in London," Rose added in equally as quickly. She hoped that if she spoke fast enough Mrs. Figgs wouldn't question her request."Oh I would love to," She replied with a kind smile. She was rewarded by two large grins and hugs from each side of her."Thank you Mrs. Figgs!" The twins said. After Mrs. Figgs had put on her coat, and hat, and changed her shoes, oh and gotten her purse, and they car keys (she had nearly forgotten those), the trio were off in the car on their way to London!Please Review with your opinions! If I get enough positive comments I'll upload the next chapter right away but if not I'll wait a week. I've already have the first five chapters written. Thanks!
