Disclaimer: All Harry Potter names and places all belong to J.K. Rowling.Author's Note: This would be my first try at writing a fan fic. All reviews are welcome.After having one of the biggest fights with Ron, She sits in a pub a few blocks away. She sat having a drink and thought "I'll have a few drinks then go home and go to bed. Tomorrow everything will be better, back to before we started fighting tonight."After about three strong drinks of vodka, she felt someone sit beside her. She was sitting at the bar so she didnt think much about it. That was until she heard "I'll have what she is having, and I'll buy her one too."She finished the drink in her hand and put the glass down and looked to see who was beside her. Thinking it was Ron or maybe even Harry, since Ron would have Flooed Harry by now to tell him what happened. But the shock she got from seeing who it really was, made her think she had too much to drink.Sitting there was white blonde hair, stormy grey eyes, 6'2 Slytherin sex god from Hogwards, Draco Malfoy. Thinking to herself "What the hell was he doing here, in a muggle pub in muggle London?""Hey there Granger." He said smirking at her. "What are you doing drinking the night away, alone, at a pub?"Groaning, she took a sip of the drink he bought her and then said, "The question really is what are you doing here Malfoy?"Laughing he said, "I was looking for a good lay and thought i would look in here."Looking grossed out she turned back to her drink and drank the rest in one gulp and asked the bartender for another. Till she heard more laughing beside her. Looking she could see he was almost doubled over from laughing so hard."I was only joking Granger. I was in the neighborhood. I'm looking for a new place to live. Do you live around here?" He asked finishing off his drink."Malfoy call a realtor. I dont live around here i live quiet a few blocks away, but even if i did i still wouldnt help you." Downed her drink she started to get up and got her things together so she could go home. She swaying a little, he grabbed her elbow to help steady her."You cant go anywhere like this Granger, your pissed. Why dont you let me help you.""Fuck off Malfoy." She said and shoved his hand off her elbow and walked out the pub.The bartender walked over to Malfoy and said, "Your girlfriend there didnt pay for her drinks." After quickly paying the bill for his and her drinks he ran after Hermione to see if she was still outside. She was."Well its good to see that you are smart enough to know you cant apparate, but you should know you cant go walking around here drunk and alone." He said as he grabbed her elbow again and started walking down the sidewalk. With her not saying a single word he got annoyed and asked. "So where are you going? Do you want me to walk you home, or somewhere else?"Shoving his hand off her elbow again, she turned the corner and walked a bit till she saw a park and went to the bench and sat down. "Malfoy i dont give a shit what you do but i do not need your help, this isnt the first time i've been out drinking."Sighing he conjured a bottle of water and handed it to her. "Here drink this up and when u do i'll get up and leave you be." Getting annoyed more and more with him, she grabbed the water and drank it. Sipping it slowly so she wouldnt drop or slip it."Why do you even care Malfoy?" She asked as she turned to look at him sitting beside her on the bench."Well it doesnt have anything to do with who you are. I would do the same for any women who is at a pub by her self, and then decides to run out on the bill and try to walk home in the middle of the night again by her self." He answered smirking at her.Putting her face in her hands she sighed, "Shit i forgot to pay the bill. Now i'm going to have to walk all the way back there. Just what i need to night. Besides being stuck with you, who just wont get the hint and go away.""Dont worry Granger i took care of it." She opened her mouth to say something but before she could get a word out he said. "Now why dont I walk you around the park and hopefully that will help you sober up a little." He jumped up and pulled her with him, and started to walk down the path way.Getting pulled around the park, Hermione couldnt stop thinking of why she was letting this happen. She should just walk away and go home. It's what she needed to do. She had work tomorrow. Not that she really wanted to go. Being an Auror was fun, but not what she wanted to do forever. She only joined because Ron asked her to. She really wanted to help people, she wanted to become a Mediwitch. Which is what started her and Ron fighting tonight. She told him she was going to look in to becoming a Mediwitch and quit being an Auror. Well the started him off and how she didnt want to be working with him any more, and all this other stuff about him not being good enough. He went on about how, if she did leave and start to become an Mediwitch that they wouldnt see each other any more. That all she would be doing is studing and then when she did become an Mediwitch that she would be gone to work all the time. Of course she tried to tell him that wouldnt happen, but he just wouldnt listen. So after fighting with him for hours she just up and left. It's not the first fight they have had but it is the biggest. The fights always ended in her leaving and going for a drink or two at the bar. It was quiet far from where she lived, but that was the point, so Ron wouldnt find her. That is to say if he even looked for her."Knut for your thought?"Jumping a little when she heard this, forgetting that Malfoy was still with her. "It's nothing. Just thinking.""Well i figured out that much. Do you want to talk about it? Does it have anything to do with why you were at the pub? Where are Pothead and Wesaelbee?" Firing one question at her after the next.Sighing, still slightly drunk, she took a drink of her water. "Malfoy, I'm going home. Bye." And started to walk away from him."Look there is a pub at the hotel i'm staying at why dont you come back with me and i'll buy you a drink ok? After i'll make sure you get home safe." He said.Waiting and waiting, watching her look around, she finally said "Fine one drink, but that's it."They walked to the road they were first walking down, and walk a block more till they got to the hotel he was staying at. ME London Hotel. It was beautiful. The lobby was breath taking. All done in blacks and whites. Hermione looked around, but couldnt find the bar, turned to look at Malfoy, "Where's the pub?"He just grabbed her hand and walked to the elevator, hit the button and went in side when the doors opened. He hit the button for the roof."Wait i'm not going up to the roof. No way." He just stood there listening to her complain about going to the roof and how she was scared of hights. The doors to the elevator finally opened. He pulled her out and and around to see where they were."This is Radio Rooftop Bar. Nothing to be scared off. Come not lets get a drink." He pulled her to the bar and ordered a drink for them, then he looked around and found seats for them and sat down. "So do you want to talk about what you were doing at the pub tonight?"Slamming her drink back, and sighed. While slowly sipping the next round of drinks, she told him what happened. "Then i just grabbed my jacket and purse and walked to the pub. Why do you even care Malfoy? I've asked you this already but you didnt answer."Smirking at her he said, "No one said i cared. It looked like u needed another drink, but when you left i wasnt going to let you want home by your self. No matter what you or anyone thinks i'm still a gentlemen. Even if it is you. I have grown up some since school."They sat in silence for a bit. Draco ordering drinks every now and then. After 3 drinks she got up and said, "Well as nice as this is i need to go now.""Sure, let me just pay for the bill and i'll walk you home." Before she could say anything he was walking up to the bar. Walking back to her he said, "Ok lets go."Once they got to the elevator and waited for it to come get them. Hermione started to lean against the wall."You ok Granger? You dont look too well." Draco asked, coming up to her too look in to her eyes."I havent eaten since lunch time, i guess i've just had a tiny bit to much to drink. I normally eat at the pub." The elevator came and they both got in. Hermione leaned against the side and closed her eyes."My floor is one down why dont we go there and you can lay down a bit and i'll get some food ordered." Draco said as he hit the button for his floor. All Hermione did was shrugged her shoulders.The elevator doors opened to a nice plain white door. Draco unlocked it and took Hermiones elbow and pulled her to the couch to lay down on. After making sure she was relaxing he went to the phone and ordered some room service.Hermione was watching him walk around the penthouse, putting things away and ordering food. "Well i can see what you can live with out your precious house elves. How did you get so custom to being in the muggle world."Draco sat in one of the arm chairs facing the couch. "After my dad was sent to Azkaban, mother and me thought a change would be nice. She found a nice house not far from here. Which is why i was looking for a place. I didnt want to live with her any more and thought i would try it out on my own."Snorting at him she turned on to her back, closed her eyes and tried to relax and get passed this gross feeling in her stomach. A few minutes after that there was a knock at the door. Draco got up and brought the cart with food in. Walked up to Hermione and poked her arm telling her food was here and noticed that she was sleeping. Putting a blanket over her and a spell on the food to keep it fresh, in case she wanted something when she got up. He then went to have a shower and climbed in bed.Around four in the morning, Hermione woke up. Still feeling gross, rubbing her eyes trying to figure out why she was on the couch. She got up and made her way to the bathroom. Got a hangover potion, took off her pants and bra and put them on the counter. She walked in to the bed room and climbed in to bed.
