The New Dark WizardsDescription: There is a new group of Dark Wizards forming to take over the ministry of magic. These wizards come from all over the world to join under one boy: Cantor White. Albus, Scorpius, Rose, and Kris (an OC) are back for another year at Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. But things are changing now that it's obvious dark wizards are about. Albus may be the only one that knows how to defeat Cantor White.Note: This is a sequal to A Precious Rose also written by myself. Please leave a review telling me what you think. Thanks. To Read A Precious Rose, click here: s/7139659/1/A-Precious-RoseThe light in the sky was dim, dimmer than it had been all summer. To some, it seemed like a bad omen. Wizards all over the place were fearing the worst, fearing that something had attacked or that they would attack. Dark wizards were back and from the confessions they received from those who were captured, no one was safe. A large portion of the wizarding world remembered not too long ago that the darkest wizard, Voldemort, had taken the wizarding world by storm and had started wiping out muggleborns and muggles a like.Back then, the world was in chaos with innocent wizards being killed for standing up for muggles and muggleborns. Blood traitors, they were called.Then, a beacon of light shone and defeated the dark lord. It came in the form of a dark haired teenager with glasses and a lightening bolt scar on his forehead. He had faced Voldemort and defeated him once and for all and that had given the wizarding world hope. Oddly enough, the son of that great wizard, the boy who had helped to bring aware of the dark wizards, had no hope at all.Before the end of the last school year, Albus had been kidnapped by the dark wizards, their leader: Cantor White. Cantor White was a wizard from America (California, Albus believed) who had attended a wizarding school for boys in The United States. He had been quill-pals with Albus for years until Cantor arranged for Daniel Black, a secret child of Bellatrix Lestrange, to kidnap Albus for him.Albus had received a letter not too much time later warning him about revealing the secrets that had been told in the shrieking shack. He still wore the bracelet, the bracelet that was a reminder of what Cantor White was doing. Cantor knew so many secrets, so much dark magic and it instilled fear into him. After all of those letters that the two had sent telling each other about their childhoods, Albus wondered if they had all been faked by the lying scoundrel:"My brother and mother were both killed by a former Death Eater," He had once said. "I never really had friends but you're probably the best friend that I have ever had."All of it seemed fake now! Albus didn't feel himself move at all. He only felt anger. However, he heard the clash of something fall to the floor and felt a pain in his arm. He had knocked something over but he didn't know what. When he turned his head to look, he saw a bottle of ink laying on the floor as the insides leaked all over his carpet. His mother would not be happy when she sees that.Almost as if she had been watching the room, Albus heard his mother's voice:"Albus Severus Potter," Ginny yelled up to him. "Get down here this instant!"Albus hadn't left his room in probably two days. He would have stayed in longer but his mother kept setting up people to come over. Ginny Potter was worried for her son and his obvious depression. Both of the Potter parents were. That's why, when Albus arrived downstairs to find his mother, he wasn't surprised to see Kristofer Shacklebolt standing before him."Hey," Kris smiled at Albus.Kris had been Albus's friend since their first year when Albus got sorted into Slytherin and so did Kris. Kristofer Shacklebolt was adopted by the minister from magic as a baby since his parents had died a week after he was born in some sort of explosion. Having been close with the family, Kingsley Shacklebolt took in the boy and raised him like he was his own son though it was clear he wasn't.Kris was about three inches taller than Albus and extremely skinny. He had dark hair and pale skin (an obvious indicator that he was not the biological son of Kingsley) and he wore a smile upon his face."Hi, Kris," Albus said, his voice a bit monotonous."Al," He hugged his friend for a second and then smiled at him. "Want to go with me to the muggle village not too far from here?"A few weeks ago, Ginny had agreed that Kirs and Albus could visit the muggle village as long as they stuck together and didn't use magic. Of course, the two had agreed and they went into the village and made fun of muggle objects together. To Kris, it was quite the blast. Albus, however, had put on a mask and pretended he had fun so that his best friend wouldn't feel any bit upset that Albus wasn't enjoying himself."Sure," Albus said even though he wasn't feeling much up to it.It may have sounded a bit peculiar, but Albus would rather be up in his room alone than be around anyone. At least in his room he could think.Ronald Weasley sat at his table drinking some tea and reading the daily prophet with his wife, Hermione, sitting besides him reading a book while eating a plate of eggs. The two looked like the typical happy couple but they are the best friends of the Famous Harry Potter and they helped defeat Voldemort about twenty one years ago.Upstairs, their son, Hugo, lay asleep but their daughter, Rose, sat awake in her room writing a letter to her best friend: Scorpius Malfoy. When Albus, Rose's cousin, had been kidnapped by Daniel Black, Scorpius had helped to save him. And, while Ron wasn't too happy about his children being friends with a Malfoy, Rose and Hugo were allowed to hang out with him.Rose and Scorpius had been in contact with each other all summer and were planning on hanging out before the summer ended.Dear Scorpius,I've talked to my parents and they have told me that you and I can hang out on the twenty eighth of August, in two days, at Diagon Alley. If you're interested, that is. It's been a boring summer here. Yesterday, Hugo and Louis spent all day at my uncle Bill's house and I got stuck with hanging out with Lily and James who kept arguing. James is such an antagonist towards his little sister. Of course, he's such an antagonist every time that I see him.I can't wait for this new school year to start. I hope that you and I have a lot of classes together. My mother is very excited about this year and even though he hasn't said it, I'm pretty sure my father is too. I can't wait for us to meet up.Love from RoseShe put the letter in the envelope and unlocked a cage that held her owl Justice. She tied the letter neatly to his leg and the bird took off through the window.In Hugo's room, the boy was just waking up and stretching out. The room around him was filled with books and little souvenirs from his adventures throughout his life. Hugo enjoyed reading a lot, a trait that both he and Rose had like their mother rather than their father. On his bedside table, a picture of him with Louis on his first day of Hogwarts sat.He could hardly believe that he was going to be a third year. It seemed like only yesterday, he was stepping onto the platform for his first year with Rose going to her second. He climbed out of bed and threw on a new outfit, a muggle T-shirt that grandpa granger had got for him and a pair of jeans. Then, he raced down the stairs but stopped just outside of the kitchen.He could hear his mother and father whispering to each other in the kitchen. They seemed to be trying to be quiet but Hugo had an apt for being able to hear things better than the average person:"They've been having a hard time with him," His mother was saying."He's been troubled since he's been kidnapped," His father replied. "Haven't you noticed my sister begging for us every day to send over Rose or Hugo? Harry said Albus barely leaves his room."Hugo sighed. Everyone in their family knew that Albus hasn't been in a great place. Whatever happened in the Shrieking Shack between Ablus and Daniel Black really affected him. Hugo worried about his cousin greatly just as everyone in the family did but there was nothing that could make Albus talk about what happened or even help him get over what had occurred.Hugo stepped away from the entrance to the kitchen and went over to the window sill in the den. The family owl, Pigwidgeon The Second, sat there hooting happily with a letter attached to his foot. Carefully, Hugo picked up the small owl and another owl swooped in past his ear and flew right into the kitchen. Hugo followed still holding a hooting Pig closely to himself.When he returned to the kitchen, his father was opening the letters and his mother was feeding the owl, a Hogwarts owl."You're letters have come, Hugo," His father said and was looking at the Hogsmeade slip.Hugo smiled and picked up his list of school supplies."When are we going?" He asked.Albus and Kris returned to the Potter house late in the afternoon laughing with each other and fiddling with their silly muggle toys. Lily greeted her brother and his best friend and crossed her arms."Why wasn't I invited?" She asked obviously offended.Neither boys explained anything as they went up to Albus's room. Kris sat on Albus's bed and looked at him."Why do you spend all day up here?" He asked and Albus didn't answer at first.The boy started to pace the length of the floor. "Up here, I am true to my thoughts, Kris."He turned to Kris."What do you mean?" Kris leaned back on the bed and then turned to look at Albus.Albus opened the drawer of his bedside table and pulled out a picture of Cantor White. This was a photograph that Cantor had sent back when they were quill pals. In the photograph, Cantor was casting a spell on one of the signs at his school making it read "North American school of Poo." He used to laugh at this picture but it only brought sorrow to him now. Anything that had to do with Cantor brought sorrow to the boy.He passed the picture to Kris who took it and stared at it then gasped. "I know this boy."Albus stared at him."You know Cantor White?"Kris shook his head. "I don't know his name but I've seen him before, in a picture at Orion's house.""Orion? You've been to his house?""A few times this summer," Kris said.Kris described the picture; Orion and Cantor were goofing around with each other."Who is this boy?" Kris asked."His name is Cantor White," Albus said. "I need you to promise me that you'll never speak of the following conversation with anyone ever, Kris.""I promise, Al," Kris said softly."Cantor White is the genius behind Daniel Black," Albus said softly making sure that his door was shut so no one could hear. "He's about three years older than we are and he's from North America. He and I were quill pals for a while but he's an evil git. He and his followers have been planning something big, a takeover of the ministry or something like that but now that people know there are dark wizards among us, we've put a halt in their plan."Kris looked at Albus. He stood up and stepped over to his friend."Is this what happened in the Shrieking Shack?""He told me that I'd join them." Albus's voice sounded scared and he felt like he was going to start crying. "I almost gave in."Kris hugged Albus and sighed shaking his head. "You're a strong one, Al. Don't give in to anyone."AN:Thank you for reading this first chapter. Tell me if you guys think I should continue. I would love to hear your opinions on what's going on. I will update as often as I can as long as I know that people are reading. ~Rahxas
