Title: a twist of fate series  prologueAuthor: LM Ryder The Batty BatFandom: Harry PotterRating: MType: family/angst will contain SLASH referencesCharacters: Severus Snape, Harry Potter Lily Evans, Petunia Evans, Lucius Malfoy, Narcissa Malfoy, Abraxas Malfoy, Tom Riddle, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, Arthur Weasley.Pairings: SS/HP NM/LM SB/RLUniverse: alternateSummary: the truth begins to come out in the most unexpected and unnerving way possibleDisclaimer: the author is an amateur writer who has a learning disability and profound dyspraxia, she is writing only for herself and not for paid publication. If any of the contents of the story is offensive the author will explicitly warn her readers at the beginning of the story. In no way is the content which may or may not be offensive a reflection of the author as a person. While copyright for the fandom remains with its respective owners the author claims copyright for the idea for the story and this manuscript may not be copied in whole or in part without express written permission from the author.Warnings: SLASH referencesNarrative viewpoint: shiftingAuthor's Note: I've finished the novel I wrote for campNanowrimo and I did promise that I would start working on Snarry as preparation for National Novel Writing Month itself in November  this is a prequel to the serial I will be writing in November.THIS STORY CONTAINS A LOT OF CHARACTER BASHING SPOUSAL ABUSE AND OTHER VIOLENCE YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED! The three OCs are absolutely a result of revenge.A twist of fate: Prologue she entered my life with magnificent warmthSeverus's *Point of View*We met on the day before my 11th birthday She was playing with her sister, in the park. I had slipped out because mum was busy with my birthday cake and my father was at work or so he said  he often lied and when he came home there was alcohol on his breath. Mum and I didn't dare question him because if we did he would beat us.She was the best.She was the truest, kindest, sweetest best friend anyone could ever ask for and I loved her like a sister. She and Petunia were twins  they were exactly three weeks younger than me; she had beautiful thick dark red hair and huge green eyes Petunia was also tender-hearted; she had short curly dark red hair and green eyes. Both girls were very intelligent and quick learners.Lily and Petunia were both special  they could do things that were not considered normal. Petunia could make leaves obey her every command and Lily could make a flower's petals weave in and out like a many-lipped oyster.The girls were playing with their friends who weren't real friends  they weren't real friends because they kept teasing Lily and Petunia about what they could do and calling them freaks. Sally-Anne Bannatyne, Sabrina Guthrie and Laura March were insanely jealous of Lily and Petunia."how do you do it?" Laura asked"Well it's obvious" I replied "isn't it?""no, what's obvious?""they're witches""that's not a very nice thing to say to somebody" said Sabrina indignantly"it's the truth my mum is a witch too and I'm a Wizard""wizard?" said Sabrina scornfully "yeah right sure, you're a wizard"I stepped out uncomfortably from behind the bush where I was hiding"you're that Snape boy the one who's father is always in trouble for drinking on the job" she sneered "they live on Spinner's End""it's true, I am a wizard I'll prove it watch this" I said and made a branch fly it hit Sabrina on the head. She and the others scattered like sheep"is what we can do really magic?" Lily asked"yes" I replied"I'm Lily and this is my sister Petunia""I'm Severus but you can call me Sev if you want my mum calls me that all the time""thanks for saving us from those mean girls" said Petunia"my pleasure boy it's chilly isn't it?" I said"yes" both girls replied"Sev" yelled a voice  it was mum "we need to go grocery shopping love" she said"coming mum I have to go sorry girls, but it was nice to meet you""nice to meet you too""yeah""say, girls tomorrow is my 11th birthday maybe we can hang out together if you want to I mean""I'd like that very much" said Lily "will you tell us more about magic?""me too" said Petunia"so would I" I replied "of course I will"I walked back over the hill and watched Petunia and Lily walk back to their houseWhen mum and I got back to the house  mum started preparing dinner she put mine on the table first and I ate quickly because if my father thought I was downstairs I might get a belting"Sevvie, go upstairs son dad will be home any minute""yes mum"I went upstairs I had a cold bath and put on my pyjamas, I got into bed and mum came upstairs to say goodnight she looked like she had been crying again"mum did he hurt you again?" I demanded furiously "he did didn't he?""he's sick son, he has an addiction""I wish you would stop making excuses for him" I snapped"go to sleep Severus we will deal with it tomorrow."To Be Continued...
