.Title: The Brilliantly Enlightening Medical Journal of Lily EvansAuthor: M. C. McKenzieRating: PG-13Style: Based of the writing style of the Princess Diaries by Meg Cabot and the Bridget Jones Diaries by Helen Fielding.Summary: Lily has always known her sanity to be somewhat questionable, but it isn't until she and James Potter are elected Heads of Hogwarts during their seventh year that she becomes downright convinced of her madness. Suddenly she's spying on her best friends, concocting conspiracy theories about her professors, and getting really attached to the Head Boy she once claimed to hate...DISCLAIMER: The following contains characters, settings, and situations belonging to J. K. Rowling. Writing style belongs to Meg Cabot and Helen Fielding. No copyright intended..Author's Note: Hello, everybody! I feel like the above info pretty much covers it, so get started reading and I hope you enjoy! I love both praise and constructive criticism, so please review! Thanks for reading!..August 28, MorningAlas, my dear mother. She really is too soft hearted for her own good. Imagine! Tears! It isn't as if she's not used to these sorts of good-byes. Two measly days shouldn't even be noticeable. Although I suppose that isn't really fair, seeing as this long good-bye will not end with my returning to the Evans-bosom that is Privet drive, but with my flying-quite literally, on a broomstickinto the world, arms outstretched, hair flying, to confront my future.Shouldn't I be the one crying? I'm the one who must begin the ten-month countdown to the biggest life change that will ever occur in my existence. I'm the one who's got to live a life completely different from the one I spent the first eleven years of my life planning for and the following six years trying to integrate myself to. I'll be neither. Not quite a witch, not quite a muggle. Like those literary figures with dual raceswhat are they called? Tragic mulattos?I am a tragic mulatto.Perhaps that is why my mother bequeathed me with this diary. She figured, with her eerily spot-on maternal intuition, that the stress of living two lives, upon my graduation, was finally going to be too much, and she wanted a documentation of my slow descent into madness to show the nice healers at St. Mugo's when they are completely and indiscriminately baffled by the spaghetti that is my brain.Smart woman, my mother.Although you certainly wouldn't know it right now, with her driving the way she is. Honestly, she's going to kill someone. Multiple someones, with our luck. The three occupants of our vehicle, and the occupants of whichever unfortunate vehicle that our vehicle is going to twist into a pretzel. I don't understand why she wouldn't just let Dad drive. I understand that she might need a little something to distract her from the impending loss of her favorite daughter to insanity, but see, distractions only work if you actually allow the distraction to distract you, which my mother most definitely is not doing. She's sobbing just as violently as ever, swerving into ongoing traffic with such amazing skill and grace that passersby would swear she was doing it on purpose.And my father, the idiot, is asleep! Honestly. It is at times like this when I actually wish Petunia and I had a better relationship. At least Petunia can drive. If we were living in some vomitously utopian alternate universe, and Petunia and I actually loved each other, and therefore were actually emotionally affected by our ten months away from each other, Petunia would be able to to drivebecause even in vomitously utopian alternate universes, sisters don't love sisters more than mothers love daughters, so it would be safe to assume that Petunia's eyes would be noticeably drier than my mother's are nowand I would be able to write in my spanking new diary without attaining a highly unpleasant sense of queasiness.Should it really be called a diary, though? Is that what it is? Because when I think diary, I think fuzz-covered pink paper square Petunia scribbled hearts all over when she was ten. I would classify my own writings as more for documentation purposesseeing as they'll be highly beneficial to St. Mugo's one daylike a medical journal. The Brilliantly Enlightening Medical Journal of Lily Evans.Yeah. I like that.And now, dear doctors, I must retire my writings for now, lest I regurgitate my breakfast on these valuable pages, or my handwriting is reduced to a series of meaningless loops and sudden jerks. My mother's driving, you see, truly is dismal...August 29, roughly 3 in the morninggive or take.Well. That was certainly interesting.That, pertaining to the last sixteen hours of my life, beginning not terribly long after I last wrote. I'm rather exhausted, given that it's tomorrow morning already and I still haven't been to sleep. I've also got to be careful with my quill. Ink, balanced on a pillow...recipe for disaster, in my opinion. I could go down the hall and write in the loo, with an overhead light and a flat surface and all those other small luxuries, but Marlene is a terribly light sleeper and I don't want to wake her up. Any movement or sound, even a snore, and she's bolt upright and ready for action!Alice and I have theorized that it comes from a deep seeded fear that somewhere, somehow, she is missing something exciting.I really don't want to wake her up, either, because if I do, she'll ask me what I'm doing. And then I'll have to tell her. And then she'll call me a ninny, because only ninnys write in diaries.I doubt she'll understand the documentation thing.Most peoplewhether these all encompassed "most people" are lucky or not has as of yet been undecideddo not interact with their dorm mates until September first. This is because September first is when term starts, and the hullaballoo, williwaw, ruckus, flim flam, and general tomfoolery that undoubtedly follows Hogwarts Class of '78 wherever they go can begin. But I'm not most people, and this year I got to move in with my mates, in and outside of the dorm, two days early, for a forty-eight hour slumber party.The sixteen hours of interest began, as they usually do, with Marlene's screams."Lilaaay!" She hollered, racing down her winding driveway and waving her arms about like the loon she is."Hey," I grunted, grinning a little as I was promptly overwhelmed by the half-shampoo-half-quidditch-pitch smell that is her hair and squeezed to death by her overeager arms.I didn't really mind, though. I was having some trouble staying balanced, and it was nice to have something to grab onto. Several hours of a car ride that feels like a roller coaster can do that to a person.I was a little worried my parents would linger, but there really was no need. They had scarcely said hello to Marlene before she was off, explaining every smithering detail of our plans for departure with as many intimidating and complicated words as possible (nine and three quarters, dragon heartstrings, melted cauldronsshe was talking about school supplies, of course, but even I was confused for a minute).Marlene has that effect on people.My parents, once properly reassured that there was, indeed, a plan to purchase school supplies on the 29th and to arrive on time at King's Cross on the first, then gave me their hugs and 'I love you's and were off, my mother wailing away as she swerved out and reversed into the main road."I'm done with summer," Marlene turned to me. I could still see the Evans Volkswagen, speeding over her shoulder. "I mean it. Done. They've driven me insane, and for once I am actually looking forward to the school year.""Who?" I inquired, politely. Though I was fairly sure that there were three who's, very little who's, and I knew exactly which ones they were."The trips! The bleeding trips!" She shook her head a bit as if to ward them out of her mind. "One tiny bout of the dragon pox, and they've been crying all month! Bunch of pansys, the lot of them."I smiled to myself. The trips were Marlene's triplet younger sisters; Mary, Michelle, and Mayella. They were turning two in the fall, and Marlene had written me three full letters fretting about their illness, worried out of her mind.Years of experience, however, has taught me that it is wise not to point out such weaknesses. Marlene likes to think she has no heart.Instead, I said, in an as convincing a manner as possible, "Dragon Pox? Pft. I bet they were over it in a day!"Marlene nodded vigorously. "That's what I tried to tell my mother, but she wouldn't listen! She and Dad coddle them like you wouldn't believe."Never mind that dragon pox has been known to render many a great wizard bed-bound for significantly longer than a day."But Lily," Marlene said suddenly, leaning closer. Her countenanceif it were possible to believe such a thinghad grown inconceivably grave. "That isn't all. There's something else."Gravity was not very much Marlene's forte. For that reason, I felt myself actually growing rather worried as I took in the sudden change in her demeanor. "What is it?""It's Alice," Marlene mumbled, staring at the ground. "She's here, and, ah""Is something wrong with that?" I couldn't help asking. She had, after all, invited us both for the past six years of our lives, and for every one of those six years Alice had beaten me to our destination.The Floo network does tend to give folks a certain advantage."Well-no, of course notbut"This was very odd. Marlene was now, in addition to her previous gravity, stammering and looking distinctly uncomfortable.Very odd indeed."Is she okay?" I asked again, trying to help her get out with it, "Where is she?"Marlene rolled her eyes. "She's in the house, obviously, the trips swarmed her the moment she arrived and she hasn't been able to get rid of them since, but that isn't it. It's justoh, bugger it, I'll show you."With that, she turned on her heel and began marching up her very long driveway.I followed, however reluctantly. Because really, who wants to push a trunk up so much driveway? Who even thought it necessary to pave so much driveway in the first place? I'd have thought that Marlene, in all her infinite consideration, would have thought to charm the trunk to float on its own accord, but alas, she did not. I plunked along behind her, man-handling my case over potholes and stray rocks, bemoaning, all the time, the little misfortune at the end of term last year that had rendered my wand split cleanly down the middle and without a single bit of its previous magical prowess.I was still musing over this misfortune when we arrived at Marlene's front porch, Marlene panting a bit and me gasping shamelessly for air, sweat trickling down my neck and hair frizzing as it clung to my forehead. I had yet to begin the intimidating climb up the stairs when the door swung open and a lithe mass (I can't tell much more than that, as I was blinking sweat from my eyes at the time) came springing out of it to land cleanly at my feet."Poor dear!" It gushed in a distinctly female voice, kneeling before me and taking my trunk from the ground, hopping back up the stairs and back into the house like it was carrying a feather. "Did you carry this thing all the way up the driveway?" she called, continuing her chatter from over her shoulder. "Gosh, I'm sorry! I keep forgetting how James broke your wand last year! You haven't gotten any of the benefits of being of age yet, have you?"My hands finally free, I pushed my hair out of my face and squinted. Standing in the doorway over Marlene and I, handing my trunk to the house elf at her knee and clucking at me in sympathy, was a distinctly altered version of the friend Marlene and I had come to know and love during our first six years of Hogwarts. I looked to my left and found Marlene widening her eyes at me."Alice?" I said, unable to keep the wonder from leaking into my voice. "Youahyou look fantastic!""Thanks!" Alice blushed, and did a little spin for us. Her bum, I noted, was decidedly perkier than it had been in June. Just like her tummy was smaller, her limbs more toned, and her skin without even a trace of the acne scars that have plagued her since she was nine.However, I didn't feel it was entirely appropriate to point this out. "I love your hair!" I said instead. "It looks marvelous short. It's so thick! And curly!""Thanks!" Alice said again, giving it a little fluff. "Come in! Marlene and I were just getting the triplets to sleep, so we'll have time to talk! I've got a ton to tell you, Lil!"Next to me, Marlene sighed, and the two of us climbed up the stairs and into the house, accompanied by Alice's stream of chatter ahead of us."I just want him to love me, finally," Alice was saying, already halfway up the stairs on the way to Marlene's room, ready as ever for our annual pre-term gab session. One would think that living with one another would give us plenty of time for such things, but alas, with Bethany lurking about and our constant load of homework and extracurriculars, we did not. I winced at the longing in Alice's voice. "It's my last chance for him to realize how perfect we'd be together!"Jogging up stairs at Alice's heels, Marlene rolled her eyes where only I could see.I returned the sentiment, gulped, and followed. Something told me that the conversation to follow would not be an easy one."Tell me," Marlene said, adding some stomp to her step as to properly convey her exasperation, "that we are talking about a boyany boy, mind you""A girl, even!" I put in."a bleeding animal would be an acceptable replacement at this point for""Sirius Black!" Alice pronounced gaily, entering Marlene's room and flopping onto the bed. "He's going to notice me this year!" She sat up and faced us. "I can feel it." She said with conviction.We stared at her.Alice smiled back, no indication of shame or self respect at all marring a face of blissful stupidity.It was Marlene who broke the silence with a gusty sigh. "She's deteriorated beyond our help."I nodded gravely. "Would you like to tell her parents why she's headed to an asylum this year instead of school, or shall I?"Ah, that did it. The bliss was replaced with reproach as Alice's face twisted adorably into a scowl.Adorably.An odd adjective I find myself using here, considering that, in the six years I've known her, Alice has never managed to make a single bleeding action of hers an attractive one. Cruel friend, I know, but friends tell the ugly truth and Alice, bless her, had always been ugly. Ugly, and awkwardagain, bless her.Oh dear. I really do feel horrible, writing that. But this is a diary, after all, and while I can't quite recall any tidbits in school about the content of diaries having to be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truthwell, I should be allowed the freedom to be truly frank here, correct?I still feel guilty.Allow me a brief explanation.Once upon a time, I was a very small eleven year old with a queasy stomach and a questionable self identity looking desperately for friends in a devastatingly unfamiliar environment dwelling in which creatures and people of a kind that I had been raised to believe existed only in fiction. It was my first breakfast at Hogwarts, and I was attemptingnot very skillfully, I might addto make conversation with the four roommates I had met the night before."I don't eat beef," Bethany had announced, snatching the grapefruit I had been reaching for and fixing me with a challenging glare. "Or pork. Or eggs. I eat produce, mainly.""That's nice," Marlene had responded, piling her plate with about seven sausages and popping one whole into her mouth with the kind of skill that to this day I remain unable to fathom."Marlene, where were you last night?" the girl to my left asked timidly. I couldn't remember her name. She slept in the bed to my left, and I knew she had introduced herself, but she had been so quiet otherwise that it hadn't made much on an impression.Her long hair looked a gnarled mess, I noted, despite the ten minutes she had spent earlier vigorously dragging a brush through it. Her pimply skin was poorly concealed with badly applied make-upthat an eleven year old even had to deal with acne yet was beyond me. She also took up a lot of room on the bench due to an unreasonably large behind.All in all, not a pretty picture indeed.Marlene must have felt the same way, because her upper lip was traveling to the snarl she had used in replying to Bethany's dietary preferences when we were interrupted by a circus.I shouldn't say that. It would be an insult to circuses everywhere. A circus can at least be entertaining. The gaggle that infiltrated us, I am sorry to say, has never been a source of entrainment, only of trouble and woe."'Ello, Marls!" a skinny boy said jovially, elbowing Marlene as he squished his way between her and Gemma, who was snoring into her porridge. "Did you find any passageways on your way back from the lake last night? Sirius and I did." The boy had glasses and ridiculous hair, and I recognized him from the train ride to Hogwarts because he had been rude to my friend Severus.I made a point to snarl like Marlene had done.Unfortunately, I think Marlene did it much better, because the boy just gave me a confused look and turned back to Marlene. Around him, a trio of other boys were inserting themselves into the table just as rudely, all elbows and knees and no excuse me's.I, a stickler for manners, disliked each of them on sight. I snarled harder."Hey, is your face okay?" Another of the boys asked, smirking. I recognized him from the train as well, the one who's whole family had been in Slytherin. "You look constipated."They burst into guffaws.Next to me, the chubby girl looked up and I heard her inhale. Silly me. I'd thought she was yawning, never recognizing it for what it truly was: the sound of one soul recognizing its counterpart.Or at least, that's what Alice likes to say it was. I, ever the optimist, like to maintain that given the early hour, it was indeed a yawn, and Alice's memories are jumbled due to the unfortunate mass of cotton candy that tends to replace brains inside her head whenever Sirius Black is involved.Unfortunately, the yawn or the love-at-first-sight or the whatever it was caught Sirius's attention. I could see the gleam in his eyes as he took in her frame, her hair, and her skin. I clenched my fists under the table and awaited his comment.Marlene must have seen it too, however, because she chose this moment to answer the other boy's previous question. "Nope, no paffagwaysh," (she said this around another mouthful of sausage) noisily swallowing, she added, "I guess I was wore out after all those rocks we threw at the giant squid.""You did what?" I yelped. "That's animal cruelty!""Relax," Marlene said coolly, "We were just trying to get it to splash around a bit. It didn't work, so I doubt it even felt them.""You still shouldn't do it," I mumbled, but my face was red and my voice was soft. Marlene has that effect on people. Very intimidating, when she wants to be.Marlene ignored me, turning instead to Alice and Bethany and Gemma, who was still mostly asleep and porridge faced. "Guys, this is James, Sirius, Remus, and Peter," she said, gesturing to each them in turn. She nudged James. "I've been saddled to this idiot since I was in diapers, and I met the others at the feast last night. They're cool."While the Marauders blushed at her praiseeven then, one could tell that compliments were not words that Marlene distributed liberallyI was beet red with fury. Cool? They'd tortured the giant squid and bullied Severus on the train!I opened my mouth to dispute Marlene's assessment of 'cool', but Sirius, seeing me, cut me off. "Marlene, we'd best be going," he said, standing up. James followed suit, and the other two did after. "People to meet, you know how it is."His gaze flickered back to Alice, and he casually moved his hand forward, knocking a heaping bowl of oatmeal into her lap. "Oh!" Alice cried, leaping up. Unfortunately, her girth made doing so no easy or graceful task, and the boyswith the exception of the scruffy one called Remusburst into laughter.Without apologizing, Sirius maneuvered his way to the end of the table, where a bunch of seventh year girls began to giggle and ruffle his hair. The other three were at his side.Marlene, who had not laughed, handed Alice some napkins. "He's an idiot," she said, as if such a diagnosis excused him of all boorish behavior.Alice, cheeks a sparking pink instead of the purplish color I feared mine were turning, breathed, "He's beautiful."Marlene and Bethany and I blinked at her. Gemma let out an indelicate snore."Yes, but he got breakfast all over your robes," Bethany said disgustedly."Oh," Alice fluttered, dabbing her robes with the napkinsgood with fabrics even then, the goop was disappearing at a rate that bordered on miraculous. "I'm sure he didn't mean too; I'll bet he's just nervous and clumsy like the rest of usand look! I'm getting it out just fine. My mother is a muggle dry cleaner and I know a bit about clothes. See?" She dropped the napkins and presented us with the finished product. Even I, inches away, could barely see a stain. "Good as new!"Marlene and I looked at each other, exchanging the first of many Poor Alice gazes. She has a soul more beautiful than any to ever grace the Hogwarts Halls, we would come to find, but bless the darling, She just hasn't been very fortunate in life. Plump, short, rat hair and pizza skinned, she's never been the type of girl to catch Sirius Black's eye.At least not until now. It seems to me that, in the span of two months, our Poor Alice has dropped thirty pounds, grown four inches, firmed her voluptuous curves, hacked off the seven inches of dead ends she liked to call hair, cleared her skin, and generally come to resemble far more closely a goddess from the roaring twenties than a dumpy wallflower of a witch.Which would be a good thing, if it weren't so crystal damned clear that she was doing it for Sirius Black.It seems, however, that Marlene's will of iron is far better equipped to handle another year of Sirius-stalking than I am.As per usual."Just kidding," Marlene snorted, upon catching Alice's wounded expression from my asylum comment. She has learned long ago that, sweet as she seemed, arguing with Alice was nothing more than a fat piece of wasted breath. "Anyone up for a of game Quidditch? We can get the MacDonalds from across the street to help make the teams."Marlene, whenever confronted with an uncomfortable topic, brings up Quidditch.Rather like a bloke that way.Alice and I, sadly for Marlene, have never been fans of the sport, and soon I found I was backing up Alice instead of Marlene as we argued about a proper way to spend our time.It's always been this way. Alice acting as the polar opposite of Marlene, me and Gemma floating around somewhere in the middle, acting as neutralizers.Unfortunately, Gemma lives with four unreasonably overprotective older brothers who refuse to let her out of the house for any reason other than attending school, so summer visits have always been a bit unbalanced.Marlene wonbecause one Marlene can bend the wills of about six Lilys or Alices, two of us didn't stand a chanceand we spent the remainder of the afternoon buzzingor in my case, reluctantly stumbling in airabout on broomsticks with the MacDonald boys, and the gab session was postponed until very late in the evening when Alice was properly exhausted and thus rendered without the will to fight us on the whole Sirius obsession issue and Marlene and I had lost the motivation even to tryinstead, we filled each other in on our summers and giggled ourselves to sleep.Or at least, that's what Marlene and Alice have done.I, because a writer's work is never finished, have stayed awake to painstakingly record the details of my day.Well. Partly. Also because Alice won the coin toss for the spare bed and Marlene's floor is really bloody hard..August 29not nearly enough hours laterArgh. I'm exhausted. No witch should have to deal with this tomfoolerousness. Here I am, on the bleeding floor, having slept four hours tops, on previously mentioned bleeding floor, whilst Alice and Marlene snore happily away in their beds, with mattresses, and I'm the only one who appears to have been pecked into consciousness by the sound of that freaking owl's beak against the window. How long has it been here? Five minutes? Ten? I'm quite certain that if it continues with the racket I'm going even further off my rocker than I already amand yet, in spite of the intense discomfort the floor has brought me, I can't seem to summon the motivation to leave it.Not even to open the window for the clearly suicidal creature attempting to jam its head through the glass.Oh. Wait.It's August 29, isn't it?Oh..Some minutes laterWell.Doctors, shrinks, physicians of all specialties, gather round! Observe the phenomenon that is about to unfold before your very eyes as fully functioning witch, student, and apparent pillar of the Hogwarts community, deteriorates into deep and irrevocable insanity!How, you may ask?Quite simple really. As I was hoping all summer, the letter brought to me on the morning of August 29, 1976 did indeed contain a notice and badge declaring me Head Girl. Needless to say, thrilling news. Head Girls and Boys at Hogwarts have gone on to play imperative roles in the wizarding community as Healers, Aurors, Ministry officials, Headmasters and Headmistresses of Hogwarts, and even Prime Ministers of Magic. To join the ranks of those having received such prestigious titles means that the professors at Hogwarts, not to mention Dumbledore himself, consider me one of the brightest and most fair minded students at Hogwarts, and that they see in me more potential than any other seventh year at the school.Looking around at the other girls in my yearAlice and Marlene, snoring a few meters away, and Gemma and Bethany, all of whom are pursuing classes like Transfiguration, Potions, DADA, Charms, and Arithmancy on a N.E.W.T levelnot to mention the chits who aren't in my house, like Emma Thompson in Hufflepuff and Leanne Stratford in Slytherin, plus pretty much all of the Ravenclaws.It truly is the biggest and most humbling honor I have ever received.Sounds great, right? Think I'm heading for Aurordom or Healerdom or whichever other of those fields successful witches enter into, that this coming year will do wonders for the growth of both my inner self and my resume, yeah?Oh no. Just wait.Being chosen has Head student of Hogwarts only used to be a big deal. Now, evidently, it's a fucking joke, because guess who is the Head Boy to my Head Girl, and, effectively, my partner in justice for the remainder of my schoolgoing days?James Potter.This proves it. Dumbledore is a crackerjack. And, I mean, I knew that already, but I kind of figured that McGonagall and Slughorn and all the others were at least keeping him on the leash a bit. You know, ensuring that he used his powers for good and not insanity.Clearly I am wrong. Clearly the fates of the school system matter to me and to me only, because James Potter is just about the worst person they could have picked. Not to mention, the worst person they could have picked to work alongside me. Our history together has not been a pleasant one.And now said unpleasantness will be spread from those brief moments of agony in the corridors when our shoulders accidentally brush together and the occasional meltdown I tend to have when faced with another of Potter's cruel pranks to just about every facet of my educational life. Because I can tell you from watching the Head Girls since I was a firstie, those Head Girls?Yeah. Most of them spent a hell of a lot of time with the Head Boys.
