thanks for clicking on my story, despite the vague summary. i'll try to think of a better one as this story goes on.this story is, so far, rated T for language, but may escalate to M as the story goes on. Marlene and other characters (but mostly Marlene) cuss quite a bit. and yes, this story is femslash, as the pairing is Dorcas Meadowes/Marlene McKinnon. however, this story will mostly focus around Dorcas, rather than focusing around her relationship with Marlene. but, make no mistake, this story is largely Dorcas/Marlene, it's just not the main point. we don't know much about the members of the original Order of the Phoenix, and they fascinate me, so i had an idea about them and ran with it. this story will take place across about ten years time, from them at age 11, in 1971, to the end of the war when they're 21, in 1981. please enjoy :)Dorcas Meadowes was scared out of her mind to go to Hogwarts. She was scared to be in a new environment, with new people with strangers, away from her father, away from her bedroom, her books, everything she was familiar with. Her heart pounded in her chest and her face was flushed red throughout the whole morning and her tearful goodbye with her father.Marcus had tapped his daughter's nose and promised that Hogwarts would be the best time of her life. He promised, Dorcas reminded herself. Then again, he promised that Mum wouldn't die either, and look what happened Dorcas pushed those thoughts away, as Da had taught her to do with troublesome thoughts, and stuck her head and shoulders out the window to wave goodbye to her da.When he and King's Cross were out of sight, Dorcas retreated back into the window and ran a hand through her wind-blown hair to get the knots out. She felt the familiar pressure in her throat before she felt the hot tears in her eyes, and they were down her cheeks before she could stop them. A sob escaped.Dorcas pressed her palms over her eyes. "Stop it," she quietly scolded herself."Stop what?" a voice asked. Dorcas jumped, startled. A tall girl with platinum blonde hair stared at her from the doorway, head tilted slightly right. Dorcas hadn't heard the door open, but no matter.Dorcas sniffed and wiped her eyes quickly."Are you alright?" the girl asked. She sat down opposite Dorcas, at the edge of the seat, as if to be ready to jump up at any moment. "It's alright if you aren't alright. I cried leaving my parents too. And I cried when all my brothers left. Crying's alright."She talked a lot, this girl, Dorcas noticed.The girl stuck out a pale hand and flashed a bright smile. "I'm Marlene McKinnon. First year. So are you alright?"Dorcas shook Marlene's hand. "I'm alright. Just sad. And I'm Dorcas Meadowes. First year as well." Dorcas sniffed again.A boy with a mop of brown curls appeared in the still-open door. "Did you make her cry, McKinnon?"Dorcas looked away and blushed."Potter, can you leave me alone for once in our lives?" Marlene asked angrily. "Go away!"Dorcas laughed quietly at the face Potter made at Marlene, before he shut the door and left."His dad knows my dad," Marlene explained, "so we know each other, unfortunately. That's James Potter, first year. I think we'd do well to stay away from him."Dorcas nodded her acknowledgment. Marlene moved to sit beside Dorcas, cupped Dorcas's face in her hands, and used the pads of her thumbs to wipe the remaining tears from Dorcas's cheeks and eyes. She smiled when she was done."There. All better."Dorcas smiled, a little shyly."Now, Cas," Marlene moved back to the seat across from Dorcas, "let's talk Houses, then we need to find my friend Amelia. She's very nice, and I think you'd like her. Anyway, Houses"thanks for reading; i'd love a review with your thoughts, even though nothing very thoughtworthy has happened yet. it gets better, i promise. ;)i've got this whole story written already, and i really want everyone to read it, so i'll try to update quickly.and as for facecasts, there are links to each of the characters facecasts (if i could find a good one) on my profile. :)
