A/N: HEWO! It's me. I'm going to be writing a proper fanfiction this time! It will probably only be four to ten chapters but it's something! This story has alternating POVs. It will start off in the POV of Ginny Weasley. Just saying, this is an au, inspired by something I saw on Tumblr, drop me a PM if you want the link.-Ginny Weasley's POV-"And you are sure you're going to be okay, living by yourself?" Mum fussed, bustling around the hallway filled with boxes."Yes mum. I'll be fine. Luna's going to be coming round to help unpack in a bit." I sighed, scanning the room for a particular box. This was made particularly hard because there were quite a few of them, filled with essential things like cutlery and clothes. You see, I was moving out of the Burrow.I had finally decided it was time to leave the nest at the age of twenty-one and a half. I had chosen a small, old but cozy house on the outskirts of Diagon Alley. It was quite expensive, despite its smallness; it was Diagon Alley.I had been working two jobs in order to save up for it; I just hope it would be worth it."Are you sure you don't want me to find some unpacking spells from that book your father got me for Christmas?" Mum asked again, for about the umpteenth time.I sat down on one of the larger boxes. "No Mum, Luna said she'd help and I want to unpack everything the muggle way, so I know where everything is." I looked down at my hands. It sure was stressful moving house.Mum gathered her things, taking one last look around the hall. She took a deep breath and said "Well, if you need anything, you know where we are." Her voice wobbled at the last word I stood up to give her a hug.She enveloped me and said "I just It's sad you know, you're the youngest, my baby, and you're moving out." She sniffled and hugged me tighter. "It's just upsetting. I'll miss you Gin.""I know Mum, I'll miss you too and we can floo all the time I promise, okay?" I said gently."Okay honey, I'm going to go. I'm sorry your father couldn't be here. You know he gets busy with work." She wiped her eyes and turned round to face the front door.I sighed again. Why was this so emotional? "I love you Mum." I said, as she exited the house."I love you too sweetie." She called from outside the door.I soon got to work exploring the house. I found a little kitchenette attached to the dining room and two bathrooms. All the walls were white washed and the wooden flooring was made from oak. I ran upstairs to find my favourite rooms. There were two bedrooms, one large enough to hold a double bed and another small single.My favourite room was another room upstairs that was shaped like a small square with a semi-circle on top of it. On the side of the room that was curved was a huge window, stretching almost across the entire wall.Unfortunately, the view wasn't so great. It faced another white-washed house, old and creaking except it was about three times the size of mine. Typical.I planned to use this room as my library, have the larger bedroom for myself and the smaller single as a guest bedroom in case anybody like Luna wanted to stay overnight.I headed back downstairs. I remembered that there was a small lounge, dining room/kitchen and two bathrooms if I recall correctly. All of my boxes were currently spread out over the lounge, entrance hall and dining room.I headed through a door into the tiny garden that had been allocated to me. It was pretty overgrown and as soon as the house was decorated and unpacked I wanted to start work on it immediately.I admit that I quite like gardening the muggle way, I find it very relaxing and therapeutic, when I have the patience, which most of the time I don't.I had just started to unpack when the doorbell rang. I hurried to go and get it, hoping that it would be Luna.And so it was, Luna stood on the other side of the door and said in her usual airy voice. "Morning Ginny, I've come to help!" She smiled widely and stepped through the doorway. She then started ooh-ing and ahh-ing at everything she saw, examining the boxes and the house alike.I said honestly to her "I am so glad you are here Luna, I really didn't want to do all of this by myself."To which she replied "Oh, it's no problem really. Which reminds me, I have a little house warming present for you." She pulled out a small, rectangular present, wrapped in some sort of sparkly, shimmery paper.I thanked her and started to open it. It was a black, leather bound book that was empty. "A book?" I said sceptically, not wanting to sound ungrateful.She replied "Yes, a book, it's a special dcor book that lets you decorate by writing in it." She smirked at me, looking pleased.I gushed saying "this is just what I need Luna, thank you so much, it will help me so much.""That's no problem." Luna said in her usual airy tone. "Now, shall we start unpacking?" She asked.I nodded and we both sat down and got to work.-Several hours laterI wiped the non-existent sweat off my forehead and said "that's the most of it Luna. I don't think we'll get anymore in for today, I'll do the rest by myself tomorrow, and try out that book you gave to me."Luna smiled and said "Sure Gin. Do you want to have a cup of tea before I go?""Yeah, sure." I murmured tiredly and switched the kettle on. Myself and Luna sat for about half an hour and chatted about our plans some more. She had a cup of her weird herbal ginger tea and I had some regular tea as anything else just isn't my thing.The last thing Luna said to me before she left was "so are you going to say hi to your new neighbours?"I shrugged and said goodbye to her rather quickly. By now it was late afternoon and I was very tired, all I wanted to do now was sleep. I remembered what Luna had said and decided to go and visit my neighbours.I went to the house on my left first, which was a house pretty much identical to mine in size and shape, except it had pretty little window boxes filled with hyacinths and roses.I knocked on the door and a little old lady answered the door and said "Hello dear."I replied uneasily "Hello, I'm your new neighbour, my name is Ginny Weasley."She smiled at me and greeted me "My name is Dora."I turned to go and said "It was nice meeting you Dora."As I left I heard her say "Don't forget to visit me if you need anything, okay?" That was quite sweet.I then decided to visit the much larger house on my right which had a much smoother white-washed concrete finish to it, rather than mine and Dora's rather worn looking houses.I rang the doorbell and waited for a response. It was several minutes before it opened to a fairly tall, white-blonde haired man of about twenty-four.Wait, I knew a tall, white-blonde boy a couple of years older than myself. "Malfoy?" I asked, shocked."Weaselette?" Malfoy stuttered, just as stunned.OH. MY. GOD.A/N: CLIFFHANGER! I know (hate me). Don't forget to review and follow as more chapters will be posted very soon! Mwah! 3
