Playing With FireCh. 1Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, obviously. If I owned Harry Potter, my name would be J.K Rowling and I would be the richest woman in the UK. But I'm not. Yada yada yada... Bla bla bla. Disclaimer stuff. No dolphins were harmed in the making of this fanfiction. Whatever.So... I kind of gave up on A Flash To The Past, as you can see it has been deleted from FF. I am starting fresh with a new Sevione Fanfic. New characters, new storyline, lots of new ideas.Happee Reading Potterheads!Hermione had just entered the Great Hall for the first time since last June. It was her last year at Hogwarts. She was going to miss the old castle.I'm definitely returning as a professor. She thought to herself. There was no way that she would simply leave and never return. For the past 6 years, this place had been a second home to her.She felt someone bump into her from behind. She turned to see who it was."You alright, 'Mione?" Ron asked worriedly.She smiled. "I'm fine Ron. I was just thinking about how I was going to miss this place.""Don't think about that now! We still have a whole year ahead of us!" Harry exclaimed.They made their way to their seats at the Gryffindor table. They got re-acquainted with their fellow peers and listened as Dumbledore gave his welcome back speech. The food appeared and the feast began, just as it did every year.Hermione scanned the staff table to see if there were any new teachers. Nope. Snape was still teaching D.A.D.A and Slughorn was teaching Potions. Brilliant. That old goon barely knew what he was doing half the time and all he did was praise Harry. Rubbish.She noticed that Dumbledore was in deep conversation with the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, but Snape's attention was obviously elsewhere. Hermione tried to follow his gaze, but to no avail. She couldn't find the object of his attentive stare. It was the look he had when he was concentrating on brewing a rather complicated potion. Hermione caught herself staring and turned back to her supper."Alright Hermione?" Ginny asked."Oh, yes. I'm fine, Gin." She responded. "Just thinking.""Again?" She joked. "Classes haven't even started yet. Take it easy for now. Relax."Hermione smiled. Ginny was right, she had to calm her mind.After supper, Hermione had to show the first years the Common room and dormitories. Her duties as Head Girl were difficult at times when she couldn't get their attention. Now she knew why Percy Weasley had hated his post so much.On her way to the staircases she ran into the Head Boy and Girl of her rival house. She rolled her eyes when she saw Malfoy, but didn't recognize the girl he was working with. She had long, straight platinum blonde hair and ocean blue eyes. If Hermione didn't know any better, she'd think it was Malfoy's sister."Hello." The blonde girl said to Hermione.Unfazed by her politeness, Hermione didn't respond immediately. "Umm, hello"She stuck out her hand. "I'm Angeline Dever. No need to tell me who you are, you're Harry Potter's friend, Hermione Granger."Hermione shook her hand carefully. "Pleased to meet you, Angeline."She smirked. "You must think it odd that a Slytherin can have manners. Well, not everyone in my house is rude and inconsiderate." She nudged Malfoy in the ribs with her elbow. "Well, see you in class, Miss Granger."And with that, she sashayed off with the first years behind her and Malfoy following her like a puppy. He was obviously smitten with her.Hermione thought about what she had said. See you in class, Miss Granger. That's right! She had been the quiet girl in nearly all of Hermione's classes since her first year. She never made a peep in class or anywhere else and often sat alone.Hermione realized that Angeline wasn't always as beautiful as she is now. She used to be a little rounder and she had crooked teeth. Now she was thin, yet a little curvaceous. Her teeth were straight as could be and her skin was flawless.What had she called her? Miss Granger. A student her age had never called her that before. Also, the way she said it seemed familiar. She put a little more emphasis on the first four letters of her last name just like a particular professor did. Also, when she said it, her eyebrow rose disdainfully and a snide look came over her beautiful features. How odd. She seemed nice.She brought the first years to their dorms and went to her own room to unpack her things before her patrol. She checked her schedule, she was patrolling with Angeline and the Head of Slytherin.Perfect. Just what I needed. She thought sarcastically. Miss Princess who outshines us all with her flawless beauty and a rude, sarcastic ass. Bloody brilliant.Already, she could see that it was going to be a long night.**Writer's Note: So what did you guys think? What were your first impressions on Angeline? Let me know please. Also, if you have questions, requests, ideas or anything like that, let me know as well. Thanks guys, see you in chapter 2.Mischief Managed,~Sevione!
