AN: I do not own Harry Potter because my name is LizAnna is to have a fall out with the headmaster when she is 15.Anna's thyroid cancer hits close to me where I did have to have my thyroid taken out. Any of the symptoms I am writing about her experiencing are ones that I have lived with.Over the next five years, Anna will come around to being in Slytherin and she will meet the love of her life in Slytherin who is not in her year. The character will not be OC.The Gryffindors will come back into the story once Anna has her first day of class as a Slytherin.Anna didn't have the Sorcerer's stone incident nor did she play a role in losing Gryffindor 150 points. The total number of points is made up.Despite being left on her aunt's and uncle's doorstep as a baby, Anna Potter had the opportunity to be a kid. Petunia and Vernon were plenty strict but Dudley had the same rules as well and there is no favoritism involved what so ever.There is one distinct difference that Anna did that most girls her age were not involved with or didn't want to be involved with and that is hockey. You can blame Vernon on that one for studying at McGill University in Canada for that one. He had fallen in love with the national past time of Canada while he lived there. When he dated Petunia, he got her hooked on the sport.Anna did hit a speed bump when she was five years old and that is thyroid cancer that was picked up on a checkup. This did scare Petunia and Vernon but Petunia knew where it came from, her mother. Rose Evans had thyroid cancer. Anna went through surgery but will have to take medication every day for the rest of her life.Hogwarts came calling right before Anna turned eleven and asked "Aunt Petunia, I know that I can't be in a regular school with me always skipping grades but I am nervous."Petunia seemed shocked at this one "Anna why are you nervous? Your uncle and I knew you would most likely be going there since you were a baby." The real reason is she would have to confront everything from the loss of her parents "Is this about your mother and father?"Anna had tears running down her face "I know that I am viewed as hero even though Mom died saving me but I am tormented by me being an orphan"Vernon knew how to handle this one "Anna, the school is much smaller than Stonewall which you are too young to be there anyways; your teachers should be able to reign in your classmates if they should."There was one last issue, hockey. "Aunt Petunia, uncle Vernon; what about the hockey that I will miss out on while in school, I am sure I will be the only girl who plays." Hockey is one of the top loves of Anna and it is the main way that Anna socializes with other children her age.This is the gamble that Petunia knew she and Vernon would have to take with her "Anna, I'm sure there is someone else there who plays and if not, treat hockey as you're after class activity and treat it like off season."The look of disappointment crossed Anna's face and she did agree to go in the end. The lesson would be she needed to face her past. Anna, in Vernon and Petunia's minds is that she never seemed to deal with her parents' deaths but put her and kept it at an arms distance.Her first year was one of surprise. When Hagrid told her about Slytherin and Ron's big mouth went off about Slytherin, Anna pleaded to go to Gryffindor even though the Hat wanted her in Slytherin. The truth is Anna is truly an ambitious witch because she always wanted to be a doctor and hopefully; if the rumors were true, help Britain earn a spot in the winter Olympics in 1998 for women's hockey. Anna hoped that this could make her University applications stand out from the others.Life came calling and Anna faced everything at her new school. The adults at Hogwarts knew about the thyroid medication and the cancer that she went through but Anna told no one else because this is a need to know situation. Everyone expected Anna to be like her father but they were seriously wrong. Anna is Lily incarnate with her love of learning and is very quiet, the way Lily was in her first year before she started to make friends. (AN: The only one that Lily was close to for a long time was Severus but with all of the house divisions, she didn't get to see that much of him during free time away from studying.)It was the end of the year feast when Anna was called into the Headmaster's office with Snape, Sprout, McGonagall, and Flitwick there and she was worried. "Did I do anything wrong professors?"Dumbledore was the first to ease her fears before one of the others spoke up "Miss Potter, you are not in any trouble and this has nothing to do with your school work at all. The Sorting Hat said something interesting during a staff meeting and your name came up. The Hat said it regretted putting you in Gryffindor despite your pleadings. It wanted you in Slytherin. Can you explain why you did this?"The Hat; thought to many that it couldn't be tricked but it explained why her sorting took so long."When I went to get my school supplies with Hagrid, I asked about the houses since he brought it up. When Slytherin was even mentioned; he said nothing but evil came out of there and I foolishly believed him. When I was on the train and reading my history book again and all of the pressure from my peers to be in Gryffindor, I wanted to be there to fill some expectation of me. I fooled to let myself into believing that being a Gryffindor would honor my parents' memory the best. Last was when Draco was being a brat and he was sorted first, I wanted to be as far away from him as possible for my own peace of mind."All of the professors were slack jawed because this was the last thing the expected from her; the quiet one. Now on to the most important part, even if Anna doesn't like it and this came from Dumbledore himself "Anna, the hat always has your best interest at heart and puts you where you need to be. This past year you were drowning yourself by keeping yourself distant from everyone. You excelled academically and not socially.I thought by forcing you onto the Gryffindor quidditch team with an overly enthusiastic Mr. Wood, would force you to be a little more social. I know this is shyness for you Miss Potter and Gryffindor is not the place for you. Everyone in this room knows it too. I am going to let the Hat put you in Slytherin, like you should have been last fall."Anna looked very sullen but did feel better when Professor McGonagall spoke up "Miss Potter, you will still stay in the Gryffindor tower tonight and let the staff make the announcement for you. I will see you will get your school supplies next summer."Anna beamed "Thank you Professor."Professor Snape had to say something because this did affect Anna and the rest of the snakes and this went beyond her uniform."Miss Potter, there are a separate set of House rules that I am giving you tonight before you leave tomorrow. I will be speaking to my house and bullying is not tolerated from them and you will be left alone." Severus didn't want to dump too much on Anna because this is tough enough for the nearly twelve year old. The rest could be handled in a meeting next term.Anna knew they were right "Thank you professors."Professor Sprout was the one to reassure her "Don't worry Miss Potter, you will be fine. Why don't you head back to your dorm before the feast and for the love of Merlin, stay out of the library, you're final exams are over."This did make her feel even better "Thank you professor Sprout." Anna left to go back to her dorm to get her hockey stick, street puck, and her gloves. Fortunately, she figured how to shrink items and return them to normal size because no one seemed to know about the sacred sport of ice hockey. Her trunk had endless space and could stay light.The room of requirement was Anna's other refuge where she would hold private hockey games against the dummies that could skate, shoot, and score. Hockey is her peace and when she felt conflicted, it is what she always turned to; like during this past Halloween. While everyone was celebrating, Anna was in the room of requirement between classes. She never liked the holiday outside of school. Partying on the day your parents died seemed to be beyond inappropriate.Anna braced herself when Professor Dumbledore took his spot at the podium to give his final speech for the year and to drop the other shoe on Anna and the rest of the school."May I have your attention please? I am awarding the House cup and final point tallies. First, Hufflepuff has 300 points. The hall and their table clapped as well.Second, Ravenclaw has ended the year in 321 points. The Ravens seemed please because it was a twenty point improvement from last year.This is the closest near tie for the cup in thirty years. Gryffindor has 378 points and once again Slytherin has the house cup with 379 points."The house rivalry still in effect, Gryffindor cheered but was not enthusiastic at all.What Dumbledore said next would be the second time in the school's history would someone be pulled out of one house and placed in another."I have one final announcement. The Sorting Hat has made a mistake in sorting a student, Anna Potter. Anna Potter has been resorted into Slytherin and for the next year she will be earning points for the house of snakes. I will make it clear; if any student is caught harassing her for being resorted into Slytherin will face a loss of points and detention."The Gryffindors shoved her to the furthest spot on the table and she already was scarlet from the humiliation. In her own thoughts "My day went to hell."The Slytherins were eyeing Anna for valuable points to keep the House Cup and Flint had the Quidditch Cup in eyes for possession. She would be the perfect replacement for Higgs who is graduating. Her performance during the school year would be her tryout. He would be in for a rude awaking come next fall with Anna with her next term.During the train ride back to London, Anna sat alone which was fine by her. At Kings Cross, Anna saw the look from her Aunt and Uncle and she did make an attempt to deflect it "Hello Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia"It was to no avail "Anna Holly Potter, I know why you did that at school but you need to live out of the library. Let's get home; we are going to pick up your cousin. Is there anyone you want to say goodbye to before September?"Anna shook her head at her aunt and uncle "Anna, you are worse than your mother in stubbornness" declared Petunia and Vernon was nodding in agreement to his wife.The drive to get Dudley was much shorter and only three hours. When they got there, Dudley was waiting in that school's Great Hall with his trunk ready to go. When they arrived home, Anna had her grades which were all O+ and she was tied with Hermione.After both had their report cards, Vernon was smiling because the highlight of the summer would begin tomorrow morning and everyone in the Dursely household had been waiting for this for months."Are you two ready for Canada and prepared for the Junior Tournament?"Just by the looks on the kids' faces, that answered Vernon's question.The rest of the day was last minute washing, packing, and having Dudley and Anna playing street hockey before the early morning flight to Canada. They would be heading to Montreal to be exact for the next two weeks.Early the next day, Anna woke up to her aunt shaking her to get up. "Anna, come on; you need to get dressed and eat before we head to the airport. Can you give your uncle a hand before getting ready?""Yes Aunt Petunia" said Anna who was still half asleep and still tired from the long train ride from yesterday.Anna walked down the hall to where Vernon was trying to pull Dudley out of bed with the Jaws of Life and Anna had an idea but Vernon was the first to say something to his niece."Anna, jump on his bed while I flip on the light."That was the best thing Anna heard someone say that morning because jumping on the beds is normally not allowed in the Dursely home as Anna found out when she was four.Dudley woke up quickly and shouted "ANNA!"Anna gave the sweet and innocent look and he did not buy it all "Let me get dressed."Vernon could barely stand up with all of the laughter but he was able to get out to his niece "Anna, this is the first and last time you will be allowed to do this."Down in the kitchen the two kids enjoyed a bowl of cereal and juice before the flight out in a few hours.Before anyone boarded the plane for Montreal, Petunia laid down some new rules from the last time they took a flight a year ago."I will assign seats this time, Dudley; you do not get the window seat this time because last time you won the coin toss for both ways. Anna will get the window seat for the flight over and Dudley; you will sit next to her. I have your pass ports right here."There had been nothing unusual during the flight or the entire trip just Anna jumping way ahead on her homework during all of the downtime that they had. This did give Dudley some friendly opportunities to tease Anna with her bookish ways. It was never anything malicious but sometimes Anna did need to be pulled away from books; hockey, maybe but books yes.One point of the trip was Anna getting three hat tricks and Dudley getting to tease her more "Keep that up Anna please; I do want to see Britain with a shot at the Olympics but you will be too young to go." This was said in the hotel the night before they were to head back.Anna's response was a pillow to the face and a "DUDLEY, you prat!" There was something more serious hanging of Anna's head and that is before they even returned to the house. Anna needed to see her endocrinologist even though she was down to once a year exams from him. This was to make sure she didn't relapse even though she was past the five year mark, make sure her levels were fine and a new set of thyroid pills for Madame Pomfrey to give her at school.The Dursleys received news that Anna became a major fan of "Miss Potter, there is no evidence of disease. However, I will have to increase the dose of your medication. I believe the hospital near your school will handle it? I will send the orders with you to school as well as your medication to keep with the school nurse. I want you back here in August before you head back to your school."Anna smiled "Thank you Dr. White" and Petunia and Vernon were saying the same thing. There was the concern when Anna was five that a new tumor could grow because she is still growing but the risk would decrease once Anna reaches adulthood. Anna is to have a normal childhood and staying alive for her is to remain cancer free, not having to worry about stupid tests that the headmaster was to throw at her that Anna won't fall for. The others would be school, chores, friends and her love of hockey growing.It was August when Anna received her second year book and school supply list and she was dreading going to Diagon Alley. The reason is having to by "Slytherin" uniforms; mainly ties, scarf, winter cloak, and robes. She also needed new shirts and skirts where she grew from 4 foot to 4 fort four during the last school year.Going to Diagon Alley was another experience for the Dursleys with all of the sights, sounds, and smells that came from some of the eateries that they all remembered from the last year. Petunia had Anna's bank card on hand for when they converted pounds of into wizarding currency because in Petunia's own words "Save your money for after school, I know your mother and father had your tuition paid for when you're a baby." Anna knew to keep her head down especially when it came to shopping with her aunt and Vernon and Dudley seemed frightened by Petunia.The first stop was to get uniforms again when Madam Malkin came to the front when she saw Anna "Miss Potter, Mrs. And Mr. Dursely; how may I help you today?"Petunia smirked because everything would change with what Anna had been trying to fight within herself being torn in between two worlds and learning that she belongs in both. Slytherin would be better suited for her even if Anna does not admit it to herself yet."You must have heard, Anna being placed into Slytherin after she manipulated the hat?" Madam Malkin nodded her head before speaking up "I will start measuring her for her new set of uniforms."Anna just could not catch a break and hoped to Merlin that none of her classmates; year mates or not came into the shop. Relief was in sight for the petite witch when she said "I'm all done. That wasn't so bad Miss Potter, was it?" Reluctantly, Anna agreed "No Madam Malkin and thank you for measuring me." The witch just smiled and said "Your welcome child and have a great term. You survived the drama of being a first year."Now that part was over, it was off to get potions supplies and no classmate came into the shop yet and getting ink, quills and parchment was drama free as well. Now the thought was "where is everyone?"The crowed was at the bookstore with long lines to match. When the Dursely family got in line with Anna, there was one thought "bugger." Anna went to say something to her Aunt "so much for browsing at books." Petunia rolled her eyes at her niece who could be a nerd at times "Anna, I'm sure there is plenty to read in the library." The conversation was interrupted when a "bloody peacock" started speaking in front of the crowed."Miss Potter, so nice to see you; now I get some pictures with the girl-who-lived," what happened next would shock everyone with what they thought of Anna Holly Potter "LET GO OF MY WRIST, YOU ARE HURTING ME."Several adults went to point there wands at him because they knew her aunt and uncle most likely can press charges. Her classmates actually heard her speak which was an oddity herself but what Anna didn't realize was she was surrounded by her new housemates and their parents.What happened next would alter the school year, Lockhart would break Anna's wrist. "Come here you brat" and he twisted her wrist and s sickening snap could be heard as Anna tried to get away back to her aunt and uncle when an off duty Auror had Lockhart at wand point directly."Gildroy Lockhart, you are under arrest for assault on a minor" Many of the adults were cheering Julian Montague and before he was hauled off another off duty Auror by the name of Kingsley Shacklebolt approached Petunia and Vernon."Mr. and Mrs. Dursely; let's get Anna some treatment for her wrist and we can go press charges. I assume you want to do so?"Petunia was on the verge of grabbing Anna and taking her to the nearest hospital but she was reminded not to when that Auror spoke up "The next alley way is the hospital, they can heal her quickly and can collect information to use against that man."Vernon looked down at his niece who was putting up her tough, hockey girl faade and she broke him up before anything could come out of him. "I've been better uncle but I don't want that man to hurt anyone else."Before leaving the shop; the owner came up with a pile of books "This is Miss Anna's books. There is no charge with what happened. I hope she feels better."Anna seemed to be biting the side of her cheek to deal with the pan but there was no tears from her and her housemates could see it but would not say anything yet.It was confirmed at the hospital, Anna's wrist was broken but was healed with charms and the evidence was handed over to the Auror. The healer came in with a potion."This is an anti-inflammatory and pain potion. She is to take a phial once every twelve hours. It is better that she eats with the potion because it may cause upset stomach and fatigue. Anna is on limited activity before she returns to school. The bones may be healed but she will be sore for a few days. I will send notice to the school so she is re-checked when she gets to school."Vernon, who broke more than his fair share of bones as a kid was relieved to save Anna from cast time. The last thing that she injured was her thumb and that ended up being a dislocation and being put into a brace for a few weeks.Petunia seemed to share his relief when she spoke "Thank you, now I believe my husband and I have an incident to report."The healer who was cued in smirked because many in the community have suspected for years in Lockhart being a fraud.Once out of the hospital, the Dursleys made the way over to the Aurors station and Anna was blushing."What's the matter?" Petunia asked in a concerned voice and she knew what it was as well as Vernon knowing it too. What came next was no shocker to Petunia and Vernon about their niece because she hated anything that involved "special treatment.""Aunt Petunia, Uncle Vernon, what about Dudley? I'm sure he is bored with Aunt Marge"The adults were not having it at all "Anna; he hurt you. He needs to answer because I have a feeling with their justice system that a crime against a child is not tolerated at all."Kinsley had been listening in and decided to speak up "Anna, he broke the law and if you are worried about giving evidence; you don't have to. There are plenty of witnesses that will give evidence and the report from the healer will help the prosecution."Reporting Lockhart with the Aurors was not a bad affair and Anna learned more about her father. He was an Auror and learning anything new about her parents made her feel closer to them.Leaving the Aurors office and getting back into Diagon Alley was a breeze and there was minimal traffic which was o.k. with Anna. Petunia and Vernon were particularly sinfully gleeful because the laws in the wizarding world were much harsher. Petunia was glad now that she buried the hatchet with Lily before she died because she could not imagine someone doing this to her niece.Getting back from Diagon Alley, Dudley was out in the driveway with Ripper trying to get the street hockey ball and Marge was in the house. When Dudley saw Anna holding her wrist funny, he even asked "What happened to you?"Anna was in a bad mood and would risk her aunt and uncles' wrath for the language "A bloody peacock broke my wrist and ended up at a wizarding hospital and the fixed it. No hockey for the rest of summer."Petunia was standing there with her hands on her hips, tapping her foot in a disapproving manor "If you insist on acting like a dog you will eat like a dog. You will eat like a dog. You will eat your dinner on the back step."Anna hung her head in shame because this was the first time that she was facing a punishment from her aunt and uncle in a long time "Yes Aunt Petunia."Dinner went off without a hitch with Anna making taco salad and it wasn't because this was part of the punishment but a normal chore. Anna was taken off punishment early when a bee flew into her hair and stung her. During the entire time, Dudley was laughing at Anna and he received a death glare from his father for that one meaning Dudley was out of line.The next morning after breakfast, the doorbell rang and Petunia shouted from the kitchen "Dudley, get the door." Dudley opened the door to her new head of house and Anna did not know about the tradition of home visits that all Slytherins experience.It was when Anna heard the voice of her potions' master but couldn't quite hear what the adults were saying. That was when she heard her aunt say "Anna, can you come hear please?"When Severus saw Anna, he knew he had a few things he would have to watch out for her Anna and it is not because of her resistance being resorted or her extreme shyness. It was another case of a muggle torn between two worlds and with her, Gryffindor was presented as a way to honor her parents' memory.Anna came into the room and Anna sat next to her aunt "Miss Potter, have you read the Slytherin rule book and have you completed your summer homework yet?"She did nod "Yes Professor Snape." He did smile because Anna maybe the quiet one, she is no rule breaker but had very minor infractions against her."Good, now as far as your wrist goes; you are to report to Madam Pomfrey then come to the opening feast. If it takes longer, I will send for a prefect to make sure you get to the dungeons safely.Now, with your thyroid medication; I am keeping it my office so you are not rushing through breakfast like you did last year after your one hour wait. I will be keeping your calcium and vitamin d pills in my office as well and you will be taking those at night before bed.I also do expect for you to socialize with your new housemates as well. I tolerate zero bullying within my house. I also recommend that you go back to quidditch as well."Anna was cornered "Yes professor Snape."That ended up with the easiest home visit because the real Anna Potter was not a snob like what the rest of the school believed. It was due to extreme shyness; more like Lily.He had been to the Flint manor before he had come here. He wanted to cup to come back to Slytherin and the consensus was to force Anna back on the team which would force her to interact with others; also proving to everyone that Anna Potter is not a snob.September first was here and Anna wanted some time to herself to compose herself before having to face anyone. She did place a mild confundus charm on the door thinking no one would think to find her here, especially a spell used by upper classmen and it would give her some peace for the ride.While Anna was left alone, some of her house mates would try to look for her and were not having any luck. Rumor had it Anna must have missed the train. The current members of the Slytherin team were looking for Anna to force her to play for them. They gave up and Warrington concluded "She must have missed the train. We'll see her eventually."Anna had a carriage to herself on the way up to the school since was the first one off the train and went directly to Madam Pomfrey. The medi-witch looked at Anna in concern "How is your wrist Miss Potter?""It's feeling better but it feels a little sore still, thank you."Madam Pomfrey did not have Anna fighting her about this "Good, the wrist will be feeling completely back to normal in a day or two. I want you back her in a few days.Now, you had your medication adjusted, your head of house is keeping it in his office. I do agree with an earlier time to take your medication and if you have more problems; please come see me or professor Snape so we can get the endocrine healer immediately."Anna beamed but asked "Do I have to head to diner?"The witch knew what this was about "Yes Miss Potter, now why don't we walk together into the Great Hall since there are forty five minutes left."The twelve year old seemed to feel better "Thank you Madam Pomfrey."Even though it was out of jest, the witch looked down and said "For the love of Merlin child, you can talk more." Anna's cheeks turned pink in response.Since there was no room near her year mates at the table, Anna sat at the end eating diner quietly and dispelling the rumors that began a mere few hours ago.Montague was the only one who thought that she didn't miss the train because of the Diagon Alley incident. She most likely had found a compartment away from everyone; most likely where the Gryffindors occupy the train.Everyone who were in second through seventh year were all staring at Anna and she could feel the gazes on her because it had become public knowledge that Anna Potter had become the second person to need to be resorted in ages. Announcements seemed to go through Anna when she heard the headmaster say "You are dismissed and it's time for everyone to head to your dorms."One of the seventh year prefects spoke up to follow her and Anna followed the first years. The password for the New Year would be "Serpentines." Waiting for them was Professor Snape who said "Everyone stay here, house meeting. I will be going over start of term rules and expectations.First, there is a zero tolerance for bullying in either the dungeons. If caught by another prefect, staff member or me you will face two detentions. Same thing with if you have a detention; if you serve it with another professor; you will serve another with me.Second; I have all of the assignments on the wall for all of the classes. All homework is to be completed before lights out.Third, your dorm rooms will be kept tidy at all times or else you will be performing cleaning duties in the common room.Fourth, we must show house unity outside of the common room. Slytherin unfortunately has a bad reputation. There will be no insulting outside of the common room and any problems with another member of Slytherin, you will handle it in the common room.Fifth, profanity is not tolerated at all including the m word. If caught you will have your mouth rinsed out with my soap and hot sauce potion.Sixth, you will receive schedules in the morning and maps for all of the first years. You all will be at least five minutes early to each class unless you have a late pass.Seventh, house meeting in the common room Wednesdays at seven. Failure to show up will result in detention unless you have an obligation elsewhere or if you are in the hospital wing. I have rule books in all of your dorms first years. You will read it all by next week and expect a quiz. Any questions about the rules?"There were no hands that went up and there was one last thing and it was directed at one Anna Potter. "Miss Potter, you will follow me to my office right now."Anna got up and followed Professor Snape "Miss Potter, I believe you need to take these. The prefects will know why you are up early. I want to see you tomorrow night at eight in my office, any questions."She shook her head "None sir" and she took the chalk pill and the bitter pill otherwise known as calcium and vitamin D. "Good, now the girls dorms are up to the left and there will be labels for were the second year dorms are. I will see you in the morning."She left the office and went to the stairs and went to bed. The other girls in Slytherin knew about Anna and she was expected in the dorms. Anna went to bathroom to change into her slipper socks, purple and black pajama pants and her "Monarchs Ice Hockey Club" shirt, did every girl look at her. They knew their new dorm mate would not be talkative right now. The question would be what Slytherin traits that Anna Potter possesses but no one knew her except the history books, what she did in class and out on the pitch. The year would be one of challenge for Anna.
