Hey. This is my first HP fanfiction. It's about the household of Ronald Weasley 19 years after Voldemort's death. There is sort of a love... rhombus going on between Fred, George, Ron, and Hermione. But it's not what it seems to be.19 Years LaterI wake up in the night to here Hermione sobbing. She's been doing that a lot lately. Ever since George has been living here because of his joke shop going out of business, it just hasn't stopped. I can't tell if she sad for him or what. Every once in a while when she'll wake up and George'll be in the kitchen, she'll tear out of there like she has seen a ghost. Always she goes to the same place: out to the garden. My mum gave us her bench from her garden as a wedding gift and constantly Hermione will go out and just stare at it. Not even sitting on it. Just staring at it from the grass!"Bloody hell, Hermione, that's the fifth time this week What's got you in a knot? I've almost never seen you this sad since Dumbledore's fu-" I stop as an image of the casket shoots into my mind. I try to continue. "Or the Battle of-" I stop again, more images shoot into my mind from that fateful day Hogwarts almost fell. That fateful day so many lives were lost. That fateful day where I saw my own friends- even family fall to the ground and never get up again. Hermione keeps crying. I lean over and wipe the tears from her face. She didn't seem to notice. I wave my hand in front of her tightly shut eyes. "Bloody hell she's crying in her sleep?" I turn over and pull the covers over my ears. Just as I finally start to go to sleep, I hear her say something. I didn't hear it well enough to know what it was. Again, I hear her say something."Fred" I hear her say it so faintly that I could hardly hear it. I shake it off and fall into a restless sleep. I start to dream. I see Hermione running down a corridor. I am chasing after her but she keeps running away from me. Suddenly she stops at a door at the end of the long hall. She turns around, winks at me, and then disappears through the door. I reach the door and try to open it. It's locked. I back up a bit and then start to run at the door. Just as I am about to collide with it, it opens. I tumble to the ground. I'm in a meadow full of flowers. It looks late at night. Way across the meadow there is a cottage. There is a small amount of light leaking from the windows. I walk towards it. Once I am at the front door I hesitate. Instead I go to the windows. I try to see what's inside but the room is only illuminated by a few candles so it is too dark to see. I try at the door. Luckily it is open. I slowly open it. I look around. There are stairs leading from the front room to the second floor. More light is pouring from upstairs. I go up the stairs as silently as I could, a few creaks mingled in. I wince at the sound not wanting to alert anyone in the house. I finally reach the top of the stairs. I'm facing a bed and a table. I didn't think there was anything else until I turned around. I freeze at the sight. Hermione is there and she's- she's snogging Fred! She stops and turns to me, smirking. Fred turns to me as well."You know, Ron. You made the right choice. Hermione is one heck of a keeper too bad you lucked out to not get in on this." he says. They both start laughing until Hermione pulls him to her and starts snogging him again, a smile etched into her face."No!" I scream as I jolt awake. "Dreadful, dreadful dream" I say, shaking my head. "Hermione would never cheat on me what am I saying? Fred is dead and I can't change that. Hermione can't love a dead man can she?" I shake away the thought and then let out a sigh. I bound down the stairs. I rush to the kitchen and find George cooking breakfast."Mornin'..." he says with a smile. I see a hint of remembrance in his eyes."Where's Hermione?" I ask hurriedly."No morning back? How rude, Ronald." He smirks at me and slurps at his coffee. He sets it down by the stove and then turns his back to me. He fiddles with the eggs. He suddenly drops the spatula. I flinch as he leans on the counter, both hands clenching it tightly."You know she is outside crying again. We both know that. But what I don't understand why" he says. I sit down and put my face to my hands. "It's so odd how everyone else has been happy while me, you, and Hermione, her especially, have been so often upset. I know why I have I know why you have, possibly another reason, but her she has just been miserable. I can't bare to see her like that-" George mumbled something after that. I couldn't catch it. We sighed."I don't know, George, I just don't know but I intend to find out." I stand up. Just as I'm about to leave for the garden I ask, "Where are the kids?" George perks up."Oh, them. The little bundles fell asleep at the Potters' after they had been playing Quidditch all day and Harry offered to keep them over night. Sorry, forgot to tell you." he said with a smile."Oh, you forgot to tell me the whereabouts of my kids as soon as you heard it." I said in a cocky manner. "I'll pick them up after wor- WORK! I forgot I have duty at the Ministry today! I've got to run!" I said. As swooped out the door, my jacket in hand, I could have sworn I heard George snicker and say,"Duty!"
