Tobias Snape was never the most loving of fathers, but Eileen was shocked at the words coming out if her husband's mouth: "Get rid of it."Eileen shook her head and grabbed her baby boy up into her arms, stumbling and then taking off towards the family Subaru, leaving Tobi stranded. She fumbled with the keys before shoving them into the ignition and taking off and away from Spinner's End. She knew her husband just needed some time to cool down. That what he always needed, right? He needed to get drunk and pass out and watch some news and then be okay in the morning.He hadn't been a horrible father thus far. But he hadn't exactly been as Alphalfa Evans either. Eileen just needed somewhere to stay for the night. Somewhere for her infant to stay. She wondered if he'd even survive this... He wasn't the strongest of babies and she almost ended up at St. Mungo's, but she couldn't let anyone find out. For if they did, he'd be on the list until death or a cure was found (not likely) along with all of the other werewolves and vampires.She crossed to the nicer part of town and pulled her wand out of her purse, baby Severus still in one arm as she parked with the other and clambered out of the vehicle and into the moist grass of the park. She had no parents to go to. Tobias didn't allow her any friends and her sister had moved to America-New York- to be a secretary for a big corporation. So Eileen spent the rest of the night on the pebbles by the jungle-gym, hushing her baby when he cried.She tried to feed him from the bottle several times, but found that milk suddenly revolted him-her milk at least. The sudden realization that she was crying right along with him hit her like a bludger in the head, so she unscrewed the bottle with shaking fingers, dumped out a bit of the Gurber's brand milk that he was no more interested in than her own and began picking at a rather large scab on her arm (curtesy of Tobeis) and let it drip into the bottle until it clotted and stopped.Severus downed the bottle and was soon fast asleep in her arms, as he remained for the next few hours, long enough for Eileen to think more on the situation and cry herself dry. She was now the mother of an infant vampire, and she knew Tobies would do nothing but fight her (thank god he worked so much). She decided to do what was best for her son and keep him in her care so she could someday send him to Hogwarts where he would be safe and sound. Her beautiful Sev.Hope Lupin had never heard her husband yell before. Everyone adored Lyall. Especially their five-year-old son Remus. So the yelling just made Remus scream and cry harder. She slowly scooped her son onto her hip and rocked, staring up at her husband who towered over her. "His name isn't going on that bloody list." She said calmly between soothing kisses to Remus' sweaty forehead.Remus' face kept distorting into his face, just like the devil himself were trying to come through. Him. The thing that his friends would come to call Moony. The creature his parents would never name. What he later liked to call his furry little problem. The monster that Greyback was so proud of birthing. His lycanthropy."Hope. I could lose my job. We could go to fucking Azkaban for Christ's sake! You would never survive it, and he would be an orphan, and just look at him! He needs medical treatment!" Lyall exploded, suddenly grabbing Remus, avoiding his left, bloody side, and made his way to the fireplace. He ran through the halls and somehow ended up in the "magical accidents" section that looked deserted, so he started yelling some more which only made Remus yell for his mother.Lyall sighed and started undressing his little boy so he could look at the bloody wound, the older man apologizing all over himself and staying composed while he was sure Hope was sobbing at home. "Remus John, look at me," Lyall sighed, taking his son's jaw in hands. "Everything is going to be okay." It was so overused and cliche that it had to work, right? It worked in all the films and there was so much that could be said, but the worried parent just couldn't get it out, so some smart man or woman a long, long time ago made up the infamous 'everything is going to be okay,' and it just stuck. It was tradition.But tradition didn't calm Remus down. So Lyall waited until help came. They put young Remus under so he wouldn't have to experience the rest of his first full moon. And his name was put onto the list, right under Fenrir Greyback. And then father and child were sent home to their new life with this new problem of raising a werewolf son.
