This is my first time writing a fan fiction story, so I'm not altogether sure how it will turn out. But I hope you like it! Just for the record I do not own Harry Potter or any of the characters. Chapter 1:Harry Potter woke up from a nightmare shaking like a leaf. He looked around himself and realized that he was still in his cupboard under the stairs and sighed in relief. He then tensed up and listened for his uncle hoping he didn't wake him with screaming. Nothing good ever came out of that, not that his uncle wouldn't beat him anyway just for existing but he tried to avoid it as much as possible.You see, Harry wasn't an ordinary child. No, he was a wizard and The Boy Who Lived at that. Not that Harry knew this, all Harry knew was that he was a freak and a disgusting waste of space that should have died with his deadbeat drunk parents in the car crash that gave him the odd lightning bolt shaped scar in his forehead.The he next thing Harry was aware of was a loud banging on the cupboard door, "Get up you stupid freak and cook us breakfast! Vernon will be down and everything had better be ready!" Harry sighed sadly, the last thing he hears before Aunt Petunia turned to go into the kitchen was "waste of space doesn't even deserve to breath."Harry slowly got up from the dirty mattress on the floor of the cupboard and went to open the door only to have to try several times because his hands were shaking so bad and he couldn't get his hand to grip the door handle. Harry wished that this was only because of the nightmare he had woke up from but he knew it wasn't. Because of all the brutal beatings that Uncle Vernon gave to him he now has to deal with extensive nerve damage all over his body. Most of the time it was hard to walk and sometimes he ending up dragging his feet because he couldn't make his legs cooperate with him he also had a very hard time gripping things with his hands. This made writing very hard for Harry, not that it mattered because Harry couldn't read or write. He didn't know why, all he knew was that he was ten years old, almost eleven in a couple of days and was labeled as retarded because if it. All the words just looked funny to him and they kept moving around. He just couldn't make sense of any of it.Harry slowly made his way into the kitchen doing his best to stay upright and not trip. His aunt shoved him towards the stove and told him in an icy voice " do not burn any of it or you will have Vernon to deal with." Them as an afterthought added "and none of you freaky shaking you tend to do all the time." And with that she left the kitchen to wake her precious Dudley. Harry bitterly thought about the "freaky shaking thing" as his aunt so eloquently put it. That was another unfortunate side effect of his uncles daily beatings. He had been shoved and hit his head and been kicked in the head so many times that he had quite a bit of brain damage which caused him to have epilepsy. Harry didn't know that was what it was, he just thought it was another thing that made him a freak.Bringing his mind back to the task at hand he went back to making breakfast for his family. Not that he himself would get any. He would be made to immediately start in he chores for the day. Harry soon finished the food an had the table set just in time for his uncle to come storming into the room. "What are you waiting for freak? Get to work on your chores boy or it will be the whip for you instead of just the belt!" Terrified, Harry left the room as quick as his body would allow him to and started on the chores.Soon he heard the mail arrive and his uncle tell his cousin to go get it. "I don't want to, make the freak do it" whined Dudley. "Freak get the mail and be quick about it" shouted his uncle from the table. Harry went to retrieve the mail from under the slot and started to being it to the kitchen until he saw an odd envelope he had no idea what it said but he knew he had never sen anything like it before. Before he could ponder on it any longer he heard his uncle holler from the other room, "hurry up freak what's taking so long!" Harry quietly ducked in the doorway and meekly handed the mail to his angry uncle, eyes glued to the floor.As soon as he saw the odd envelope Uncle Vernon started sputtering and his face started turning an ugly purple color. Scared, Harry tried to back away unnoticed. Unfortunately his uncle saw him and immediately back handed him in the face which sent him tumbling to the floor only to smack his head when he landed. "Get into your cupboard freak before you get it even worse!" Yelled his uncle.Harry picked himself up the best he could and made his way to the cupboard as quickly as possible feeling more dizzy as time went on. He barely made it into the cupboard beforehand his body started to shake and tremble uncontrollably. His body tensed up painfully as he shook, he lost all sense of time and space for what seemed like forever. When he finally did stop shaking he was so tired he just wanted to sleep. He had trouble breathing and he felt like he was drowning on the saliva that had collected at the back of his throat. The next thing he noticed was that his pants were wet. Tears started to slide down his cheeks at a fast pace. He had soiled himself during his freakish fit. He cried harder as he thought of the beating he was going to get from his uncle for the latest infraction. Harry eventually gave into exhaustion and into a restless sleep.Harry woke later to his cupboard door being violently thrown opened. "Get out here freak it's time for your punishment for being the freak you are!" Yelled his uncle. As Harry was still drowsy from the seizure his limbs responded worse than they did on a good day and his uncle impatiently ripped him out of the cupboard by the arm, dislocating it in the process. He then proceeded to ruthlessly beat poor Harry for at least thirty minutes. Then he smiled a cruelly and said, "you are leaving tomorrow to go to a school for other freaks like you! Don't bother coming back because if I ever see you again I will kill you like I should have when we found you on our doorstep!" Harry was happy but at the same time worried. He was glad he didn't have to come back here but he couldn't go to school either. He couldn't read and they would find out what a freak he was and send him back here and then Uncle Vernon would kill him. After a moment if thought and not being able to find a way out of going to school Harry figured that he would just so everything in his power to keep the school from knowing about his freakishness. Even though his uncle had said it was a school for freaks Harry knew that he would be more of a freak than anyone else and make them all seem perfectly normal.Well that's the first chapter. Please review and let me know what you think. Any advice you may have to make it better is much appreciated. Just please be nice about it even if you hate it. Thank you!
