Disclaimer : I do not own Harry Potter, and I'm not J.K. Rowling, obviously, but thanks for asking.Warnings: Slash (nothing too graphic) / Violence and mentions of past child abuseAN: Erm, well... you know me... Can't be too long before I start a new story. With "Of blood and love" done (there will probably be a sequel), I had only one WIP left, and this story was begging to be released. I hope you'll like it!This first chapter is only a prologue in Draco's POV. The rest of the story will be in Harry's POV, I think.Anyway, here you are, enjoy and tell me what you think!HP-HP-HP-HP Harry Potter is dead! No. Please no, Draco thinks desperately. Students, relatives, Aurors and Professors start to whisper loudly around him, and his vision blurs for a second. It can't be. Potter can't be dead. He has to kill the Dark Lord. Images flash through his fogged mind. Potter's barely recognizable face in Malfoy Manor. The mop of black hair in front of him when they flew the Room of Requirement a few hours ago.Draco is brought out of his daze by his mother's voice."Draco!"She's beckoning to him with eyes full of terror and desperate hope, and the Dark Lord is smirking like the fucking madman he is. Has he asked who wanted to join him? Draco takes a few steps forward, stumbling a little, until he's standing next to Longbottom, of all people. Who's bleeding from a nasty cut on his forehead and is strangely holding something that looks like the Sorting Hat."No" he whispers, and he's feeling both relieved and terrified. "No", he repeats, louder, looking straight at Voldemort.His mother is sobbing and Lucius, the coward bastard, is glaring at Draco as if he's not the one responsible for their current situation. Longbottom starts to scream beside him, and Draco barely hears what he's saying. Suddenly there's a sword in the tall dark haired boy's hand, and Longbottom begins to run in direction of Nagini, and Draco feels the Dark Lord raising his wand more than he sees him.There is one spell that Draco manages to cast without his wand. Only one."Protego!" he yells, and the Dark Lord's Cruciatus doesn't hit Longtbottom under Draco's shield, and the sword severs the monstrous snake's head.It's madness, after that. Somehow Potter jumps off of Hagrid's arms and runs, and everyone is fighting again, and Draco has no idea what to do or where to hide, because, damn it all, he has no wand  and no allies anymore. No one to trust, no one to ask for help, even if there was time for that. He's crouching behind a pillar, and Salazar, is that a dead body at his feet?There's smoke everywhere and spells and curses are being fired from every single corner of the castle, it seems. It smells like burned flesh and blood and death, and Draco wants to throw up, he wants to close his eyes and never open them again. Maybe if he just stays here, that's what will happen. Someone will finally kill him and it'll be over.The pillar is shaking and Draco's survival instinct kicks in, sending him jogging through the Great Hall as the high column of stone collapses. He dodges curses on his way to Merlin-only-knows-where, sometimes hastily casting Protego, sometimes only kneeling on the blood-stained floor.He doesn't see who casts the Cruciatus curse.It doesn't even matter, because he has always known it would happen.He's drowning in pain, the kind of white-hot pain that he knows only too well, and the back of his head hits something hard as he falls to the ground like a disarticulated doll. He can't see, he can't breathe, and he knows it's over.Please, Potter. Please kill him. Let my mother live the rest of her life in peace.Let the rest of us know nothing but light and hope as for now.Darkness takes him, and his last conscious thought is that it feels good to surrender.
