"Harry." I whispered, tapping lightly on the glass."You got it?" He asked, helping me get inside his room.I nodded and held up the book, "You got the cloak?""Yep." Harry answered, holding up his invisibility cloak he got for Christmas two years ago.We sat on his bed, the cloak over our heads. It was midnight, so if Harry's uncle comes in he won't be able to see me. I opened the spell book and Harry took out his wand."Lumos Maxima." He whispered and a small ball of light appeared before disappearing just as quickly."Come on, Harry. You can do it." I encouraged."Lumos Maxima." Harry tried again with the same result.Then we heard footsteps and Harry got under his blanket and pretended to sleep. Vernon came, in turned on the light, looked around before leaving. He didn't even notice me. I wish I had my own invisibility cloak.Harry sat up again and came back under the cloak, "Lumos Maxima."Once again, the ball of light disappeared quickly."Lumos Maxima.""One more try." I whispered."Lumos Maxima!" Harry exclaimed.The ball of light painted the room and I had to cover my eyes. Once it died down, Harry grabbed his blanket and pretended to be asleep. Vernon, once again, came in. I held my breath as he looked around. Once he left I took the cloak off."Ready for some more spells?"After a few hours I looked at Harry's clock."Phoebe's going to be awake soon. She's always up at five to run at the gym." I said as I closed the book and walked towards Harry's window. "I'll see you later, right?""Can't." Harry answered, "Vernon's sister is coming over."I winced, "Be careful.""When am I not?" He joked as I climbed towards the ground."Whatever. See you at some point." I said to him before going to the wall of my home, above me was the window to the attic. I climbed up the vines that was attached to the wall and opened my window. Once I got in I set the spell book in my suitcase. I changed into pajamas before getting into bed, hopefully I can get a few hours of sleep before Phoebe comes in and has me do chores."Aunt Phoebe?" I asked, walking into the living room where William was reading the news paper and Phoebe was knitting."Yes?""I need you to sign this." I said, holding out a permission form for Hogwarts."What is it?" She asked."A permission form from Hogwarts." I answered."Permission to do what?" Phoebe asked."To go to Hogsmeade." I replied."If you be good. Set the form on the table." She answered.I smiled and put the paper where she told me to and went upstairs.Later that night, I was washing the dishes while Mark, William, and Phoebe were watching the telly. I wonder how Harry was doing with Marge. It wasn't long before I heard yelling.I ran into the backyard and saw Marge, bloated like a blimp, floating in the air. The only thing from keeping her from flying away was Vernon, who was also in the air."Don't you dare!" Marge yelled."Sorry." Vernon said before he let go and fell to the ground.Well, that answers that question. While Mark, William, and Phoebe were distracted, I ran to my room. Then, I heard something hitting my window."Harry, what happened?" I asked when I opened it and saw Harry with his suitcase."Pack all your things for Hogwarts, we're leaving." He said."Okay. Give me five minutes." I replied.There wasn't much to pack. I had my robes and books in my suitcase already, since I'd be going back to Hogwarts in a day or so. Once I had everything ready, I levitated my suitcase out the window. My hands were still on the window ledge when my door opened,"Where do you think you're going?" William asked angrily."Out. Goodbye." I smiled."Oh, no you don't!" He yelled, grabbing my arm.I looked down at Harry, "Harry! Catch!"I jumped away from the window and closed my eyes, preparing for impact."Hello." Harry said when he caught me."Hi." I smiled."What happened?" I asked as we walked down the street, and I looked at Marge, who was still screaming and flying away like a plastic bag."She insulted you and my parents. She deserved it." He answered angrily."Harry, where are we going?""I don't care. As long as we're away from that place." Harry replied.I looked at the ground as we kept walking farther and farther away from our homes. I looked up when Harry stopped. In front of us were two streets, one goes left, and one goes right."Let's stop here." Harry whispered and we walked over to a curb.We set our luggage down before sitting. Above us, the street lamp went out. Then the wind picked up and behind us, in the park, the swings started moving, as did the merry-go-round. We heard a branch braking and I grabbed Harry's arm. Across the street, a black dog came out of the bushes, staring at us with bright eyes. Harry and I stood up. When the dog barked, Harry grabbed his wand. I tried to take a step back, but my foot caught on the curb and I fell backwards, taking Harry with me.I heard honking and I saw a blue, double-decker bus pull up."Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard. My name is Stan Shunpike and I will be your conductor this evening." A man said, reading off of a paper.He looked around before looking down at us, "What are you doin' down there?""I fell over." I answered."What you fell over for?" Stan asked."I didn't so it on purpose." I replied as Harry helped me up."Well, come on then! Let's not wait for the grass to grow." Stan said.I stayed where I was as Harry went around the back of the bus, probably to see if that dog was still there. Stan looked, too,"What ya lookin' at?""Nothing." Harry answered."Well, come on, then. In." Stan ordered.I went to grab my case, "No, no. I'll get these, you two get in."Harry and I got on the bus and it had beds inside. The first one was occupied my a man who was snoring. In the middle of the vehicle, there was a chandelier."Come on, come on. Move on." Stand said. I walked to the front of the bus and stood beside the first bed.Stan grabbed two tickets and gave them to us before knocking on a window, "Take her away, Ern.""Yeah, take it away, Ernie! Fasten your safety belts, clench your buttocks! It's going be a bumpy ride!" A shrunken head with a Jamaican accent exclaimed.The bus shot forward and Harry and I fell backwards onto the bed. I sat up and grabbed the pole,"What did you say your names were again?" Stan asked."We didn't." Harry answered as the bed moved around."Well, whereabouts are you headed?" He asked."The Leaky Cauldron! That's in London." Harry answered."D'you hear that, Ern? The Leaky Cauldron, that's in London." Stan replied, looking at the old man in the driver's seat."Ah, the Leaky Cauldron! If you have the pea soup, make sure you eat it before it eats you!" The head said."But the Muggles! Can't they see us?" I asked."Muggles? They don't see nothing, do they?" Stan answered."No, but if you jab them with a fork, they feel it!" The head laughed. "Ernie, little old lady at twelve o'clock!"The bus came to a sudden halt and Harry flew forward and smashed his face against the window."Ten... nine... eight... seven... six... five... four... 'tree... 'tree and a half... two... one and 'tree quarters... YES!"Once the old lady was far away enough, the bus drove again. Harry fell backwards next to me."Who is that? That man?" I asked Stan when I saw a man with curly dark hair, yelling, on the front page of the Daily Prophet. Apparently he escaped from Azkaban."Who is that?... Who is... THAT is Sirius Black that is! Don't tell me you've never been hearing of Sirius Black?" Stan replied.Harry and I shook our heads."He's a murderer. Got himself locked up in Azkaban for it." Stan said."How did he escape?" Harry questioned."Well that's the question, isn't it? He's the first one who done it. He was a big supporter of You-Know-Who. Reckon you've heard of him?""Yeah... him I've heard of." Harry replied."Ernie, two double-deckers at twelve o' clock." The head said, "They're getting closer, Ernie. Ernie! They're right on top of us!"The bus slowed down and the driver pulled down a lever and the shrunken head turned to look at us, "Mind your head."The bus compressed itself to squeeze between the two red busses and we compressed with it, "Hey, guys, why the long faces?"Once we got out from the red busses, we went at a fast speed again. A few moments later, the brakes were put on again and Harry smashed into the window, again."The Leaky Cauldron." Stan said."Ah, Mr. Potter and Miss Richards, at last." A man with pointy ears and a hunched back said after coming onto the bus.The man grabbed out things and we walked into the building as the blue bus sped away. He led us up some stairs and into a room."Hedwig." Harry smiled, seeing his bird."Lilith." I said, seeing mine."Bright, smart birds you two have. They arrived five minutes just before you did." The man said from behind us.Someone cleared their throat and Harry and I turned to see it was Cornelius Fudge, "As the Minister of Magic, it is my duty to inform you, Mr. Potter, that earlier this evening your uncle's sister was located a little south of Sheffield, circling a chimney stack. The Accidental Magic Reversal department was dispatched immediately, she has been properly punctured and her memory modified. She will have no recollection of the event whatsoever so that's that and no harm done. Pea soup?"As Fudge told Harry about Marge, the man offered us food, which we turned down. Fudge came over to the pot and looked down at its contents, which I'm guessing is pea soup."No, thank you. Minister?" Harry asked."Yes?""I don't understand." Harry said."Understand?" Fudge questioned"I broke the law. Underage wizards aren't allowed to use magic at home." Harry finished."Come now Harry, the Ministry doesn't send people to Azkaban for blowing up their aunts." Fudge replied.The man laughed and Fudge gave him a pointed look, which shut him up immediately."On the other hand, in the state of things, running away like that was very, very irresponsible." Fudge said, putting his hands on the back of Harry's chair."In the state of things, sir?" I questioned."We have a killer on the lose." Fudge replied."Sirius Black, you mean?" Harry asked, "But what's that got to do with us?"Fudge laughed, "Nothing, of course. You two are safe. That's what matters. And tomorrow you will be on your way back to Hogwarts." Then he pointed to a table on the other side of the room, "Oh, and these are your new school books. I took the liberty of having them brought here for you two.""Thank you, sir." I said."No problem, dear. Now, I will have Tom take you to your rooms."Tom grabbed our books and we followed him out the door. Not before grabbing our birds.The next morning I sat on Harry's bed, staring at the weird book that was moving. The building shook as a train drove by and Harry walked over to the book, he undid the buckle and eyes popped out."Harry, maybe you shouldn't-" Harry picked it up and it tried to attack him. Harry dropped it and it went for his feet.I stood up and backed away towards the pillows, Harry following me. Then the book moved under the bed. Harry got on his stomach to look at the thing, it growled and came at his face. I watched as the book looked around before going back under the bed."Who's idea was it to have us get that book?" I asked as Harry took off his shoe."Maybe I shouldn't have opened it." Harry said as the room shook again and he held the shoe over the bed."You think?" I asked sarcastically.The room started shaking again and Harry dropped the shoe. The book came out and grabbed it, but before it could go under the bed, Harry jumped on it. I grabbed the buckle that Harry left on the table and wrapped it around it.
