Hey guys! I had some free time and decided to write this story! It was inspired by the song "Your Guardian Angel" by The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, and partially by "Prayer of the Refugee" by Rise Against. I hope to release many mini- fictions inspired by various songs (Spoiler: I am developing a Draco/ Hermione story inspired by "I Hate Everything About You" by Three Days Grace. Please read and review, because, if you do, I will make this a complete story, not just a one shot... This is a Harry/ Hermione fiction! Enjoy!Harry laid in the rough, uncomfortable, yet home-like bed next to Ron's. No matter how hard he tried to sleep, the words that had been haunting him for over a year played over and over in his mind:The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives ... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies ...The more he thought of it, the more he understood how much danger he, as well as all those he loved were in. How could he possibly forgive himself if Ron or Hermione c mgot hurt? What about the Weasley, or anyone from The Order? Seriously, Tonks and Remus were going to be parents! What if their child had to grow up without his father? The child would be a werewolf, just like his father, unless they killed Greyback! How could he get through his transformations without the support of his father?No! Too many people have died to protect him! First his parents, then Sirius, and just months previous it was Dumbledore! All because he couldn't fight for himself! No more! He had lost enough family and friends to that evil, power hungry, self proclaimed "Dark Lord"! If he was going to do this, he would do it alone!He rose quietly from his bed, being careful not to wake the sleeping hog next to him. He grabbed his wand off of the nightstand next to him. "Muffliato," he cast quietly to keep Ron from hearing him, before beginning to pack his things. He pulled open the small dresser and removed the spare clothes the Weasleys kept there for him, as well as the clothes left on the floor from when he changed into his nightwear, an added them to the clothes already in his backpack charmed with an expansion charm. As he exited the room an removed to muffling charm from Ron, he had the thought of leaving a note. How could he leave without telling then where he is going? They would be worried sick! The least he could do is tell them that he is leaving. He removed some parchment and a pre-inked quill.He wrote:Too many have died to protect me. I am leaving to find the other Horcruxes alone. Don't try to find me, because I could not stand you guys getting hurt yet again because of me. Please understand-HarryAfter placing the note on Ron's nightstand, Harry exited the room and quietly descended the stairs and exited the Burrow.As he was about to walk out of the wards surrounding the Burrow, he heard the door close and Ron yell."Harry! What the bloody hell do you think you're doing?" He questioned, obviously angry. "I read the note! But I don't understand! Why do you think-""Well, if you read it, then what the hell are you doing? There wasn't much to misunderstand there! I don't want you to come with me!""But you need us!""I don't NEED your help, Ron! I can hold my own!""But we can help you! Why can't you stop being such a prick and realize that?""Ron, you and I both know you can't help! You'll just hold me back!""Fine, you arrogant arse! Go! Just go!""Fine!" Harry said as he walked just outside the wards and apparated.This first chapter was inspired by the bridge of "Prayer of the Refugee", and the next chapter was inspired by "Your Guardian Angel". So, please read and review! I have one more chapter for sure, but will add more if i get good views and reviews! Please hit those Favorite and Follow check boxes, as it really does help with motivation to write! Thanks for reading!
