I DO NOT OWN HARRY POTTER. If you don't recognize it the its mine. Plus this is my first story so constructive criticism is accepted... thank you and enjoy...I sat on the edge of my bed watching my old snake scarf down another full meal of rats. The house was quite as normal."Are you full yet?" I asked him as a joke.Devilyn had been my best friend for nearly eleven years, he had been a birth present from my father before he had died. Devilyn had be one of two links to my past. The other had been a locket engraved with "R" that my mum gave me before her untimely death as well. In the locket was a picture of my parents when they were in school and across from that said "Riddle my love". I never understood the saying but love it all love same."Aurora darling, can you come down for a moment." A voice called from the floor below. I moved from my bed to see what she needed, when Devilyn stopped me."Tell the old crone to shut up, I'm trying to sleep." He said crawling up to my bed. I rolled my eyes at the moody snake and smirked. Walking down the hall I couldn't help but look around at the walls. Both covered in nothing but the dreary dull green wall paper. The house, or manor for better word, had always been the same through my childhood. Always the soundless,house that no child would like to live in.I reached the parlor where my aunt, uncle, and cousin were sitting. My aunt was a beautiful woman, fair complexion with a mixture of blonde and black hair. She had soft eyes that were loving. I knew if I did something bad I could tell her and she wouldn't scream at me. My uncle was a male copy of her, but with a stronger demeanor. He didn't have the black in his hair like my aunt but it was blonde and was kept board straight. My cousin was the pest I never wanted to be around, and looked more like a younger version of his father."Yes aunt Cissy?" I asked getting their attention. She motioned me to sit next to my troll of a cousin. It wasn't until a few moments of unneeded suspension that they finally told me what was going on."Aurora, you and Draco have a letter." she said looking proud at us. She reached to her side and pulled out two envelopes with writing on them. When aunt Cissy gave me mine I just stared at it dumbstruck. 'Who would be writing to me?' I questioned myself. I glanced over to my cousin seeing that the envelope was nearly torn to bits in front of him and he was reading the contents quickly." Well, go on girl" Uncle Lucius told me. I carefully opened the envelope and set it aside. Looking over the contents I read:HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYHeadmaster: Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock,Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)Dear Ms Ridden,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagallDeputy HeadmistressThe next page was a list filled with things I needed for this school.HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYUNIFORMFirst-year students will require:1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings)Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags.COURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1)by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magicby Bathilda BagshotMagical Theoryby Adalbert WafflingA Beginner's Guide to Transfigurationby Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungiby Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potionsby Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Themby Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protectionby Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set glass or crystal phials1 telescope1 set brass scalesStudents may also bring, if they desire, an owl OR a cat OR a toad.PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARSARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKYours sincerely,Lucinda Thomsonicle-PocusChief Attendant of Witchcraft ProvisionsI looked over to my aunt and uncle waiting for it to be a joke, But I knew better. They weren't the people to jest. I looked back at the letter studying it more carefully."Wait it says nothing about bring a snake. So I can't bring Devilyn?" I asked. Not waiting for a response I continued. "I'm not going if I can't bring him. He is my best friend and I will not go anywhere if I can't bring him along with me" I said starting to run out of breath. Aunt Cissy looked at me worriedly."Don't worry sweeting, I will write to the Headmaster right away and ask if you could bring your snake." Uncle Lucius told me. I knew of his position on the school board and knew that he could make it happen for me. I jumped into his arms and hugged him tightly. I could tell he was a little surprised at my actions, but he patted my back to assure me that it was alright. I jumped back to my feet, wanting to tell Devilyn right away. I bid thank yous to my aunt and uncle and congratulations to Draco, as I ran from the parlor up to my room with a new found excitement.Bursting into the door of my room, I jumped on my bed waking Devilyn up. He looked like he was ready to strike at me."If you even do that again I will bite you." he spoke warning me."And if you bite me I will have you for dinner." We stared at each other, neither wanting to blink. Then suddenly we smirked at the same time."Ok so I wanted to tell you something but if you're planning to bite me then, I guess I will just get a different snake for the job." He looked at me in awe. I looked at him in confusion until I thought back to what I had said. I threatened the one thing he hated, being replaced."Devilyn, no, never, I will never replace you. I could never replace you. You're my best friend, you are daddy's only gift to me I can never replace that. I love you Devilyn." I rambled, on the brink of crying. He snaked his way up on to my shoulders and squeezed. I knew it was his form of a hug. I layed down with him still on my shoulders and his head on my chest looking at me."So what is it you woke me up for?" I looked at him confused until it dawned on me what he was talking about."Oh, I was trying to tell you. I got accepted into Hogwarts." he smiled at me looking happy, but his eyes were full of sadness. "Don't worry I already talked to uncle Lucius about you and he's going to talk to the headmaster to see if I can bring you, and even if I can't you are still coming with me so don't worry." Devilyn and I fell asleep with him still on my shoulders.
