(Lily POV)I sat in the Head compartment of the train. I knew that my Head Boy counterpart was Remus Lupin, and I was happy to see him step in."Hi Lily, congrats on Head Girl," he greeted."Likewise Remus. This is going to be a good year, I can feel it.""I hope so. So do you want to head down to the prefect meeting?"I nodded, getting up and walking into the hallway. "So, did you hear?" he asked."Did I hear what?""Peter Bryan's parents withdrew him.""The prefect?""Yeah, Dumbledore had to find a replacement.""Who is it?""Don't yell when I tell you.""Who is it Remus?""James.""Okay.""That's it?""What am I supposed to say? Am I supposed to yell and scream?""Kind of actually, but if you don't want to, then I guess it's fine. I just thought you would be a lot angrier.""I can't get angry anymore Remus. It's just a waste of my time.""Who are you and what have you done with Lily Evans?""Let's not dwell on this and just get to the meeting so we can leave the meeting."We entered the compartment and James exclaimed, "Oh Merlin, this will be a long year."I smiled tartly and Remus glared at him before starting the meeting."Hello everyone, for those of you who don't know, I am Remus Lupin." He looked at me expectantly but when I didn't speak he continued, "And that is Lily Evans, and we are both from Gryffindor House. We are your Head Boy and Girl. We know that most of you have been doing this for a while and for those you, this meeting is merely a formality. We're just going to go over procedures for the newbies, and then we'll ask for questions and then all of us will be on our merry way. Sound good?"Everyone nodded and the Slytherins yawned."As prefects you will be expected to patrol the halls from ten to two every night. Lily and I will post schedules in every common room. In addition, one or both of us will be relieving you at two o' clock at which time you will inform us of any detentions and point deductions. As prefects, you have the power to deduct points, but they will not be deducted until they have been cleared by one of us. You will have to fill out paperwork for something as miniscule as even one point. And detentions can be given for students out of bed more than twice. Prior to that it will be a twenty five point, and then fifty house point deduction."I handed out the instruction sheets, stopped Bellatrix Black from incinerating it and ignored James asking if he really needed one. As I did this, Remus answered a few questions from the new prefects and one from Narcissa Black. She asked, "Why isn't Evans saying anything?""Anything," I muttered, earning a laugh from the Hufflepuffs and Gryffindors.Then Remus concluded the meeting.I left and heard Remus call after me, "Lily hang up a minute."I stopped walking and waited for Remus to catch up. Then I began walking again. "What was with you in there?" he asked."I don't know what you mean," I lied."You do too. Lily, that is so unlike you to turn down the chance to be in charge.""I thought you had it well under control.""Well, I'm flattered, but I still don't believe you.""I'm fine Remus, just a little tired. I was up late last night packing.""And I was up late last night being a werewolf."That shut me up real well. The truth was I was going to talk, but I really didn't feel like it once I knew James Potter was in there. He didn't need any new material. I just wanted a smooth, focused meeting, and I knew that that was what Remus could provide.My interrogation was cut short as Peter Pettigrew came running through the train and stopped in front of Remus. He grabbed his arm and dragged him away saying something about how Remus 'just had to see what Prongs and Padfoot had done.'I would have gone, just for a chance to punish Potter and Black, but Remus was a big boy. He wouldn't let things get too out of hand. I went back to the head compartment and fell asleep. I woke up about thirty minutes from Hogwarts and drew the blinds so I could change into my Hogwarts robes. I put my muggle clothes in my rucksack and took a walk through the train. I swiftly broke up a fight between a pureblood wizard, who was destined to be in Slytherin and an innocent muggle without uttering a word. I took away a fanged Frisbee from a Ravenclaw third year, and cleaned up a fourth year's black eye and his friends boils. I made it back to the compartment and found a frazzled Remus sitting there with the other Marauders.He looked up at me and asked, "Where have you been?""Oh here and there, breaking up fights, cleaning up wounds, preventing dangerous future wounds. You look like you're having fun."Peter looked up at me and said, "Remus was hoping you'd show up soon.""We weren't," James and Sirius chorused.I nodded and said, "Did you need me to do anything specific Remus?""I was just hoping you had done some patrolling while I dealt with my dearly beloved imbecilic best friends.""In all honesty I've been sleeping up until the last half hour."He grimaced and I gave an apologetic look. "James you didn't help?" I asked."I have no idea why I'm prefect. I'm trying to see if I can be the first prefect to be dethroned," he explained.We arrived at school and Remus told James to just go to the school with the first round of students. Then he dismissed the Slytherin prefects and evenly distributed the prefects from other houses to escort and observe the second through seventh years. He and I did a final sweep of the train platform before climbing into the last carriage with two third years who looked terrified to have the Head students in their carriage."Don't worry," I assured them. "We won't give you a detention as long as you don't breathe."Remus laughed at me and the students who were looking at each other frantically as they tried to figure out if we were serious."I'm kidding, I promise."They looked relieved as they exhaled and Remus warned me, "Lily, that conversation from before? It's not finished.""I'm pretty sure it is Remus," I countered. "And if you don't drop it this instant, you will be too.""Point taken," he sighed reluctantly.A/N: Rand R. I know Lily is a bit OOC, but that is the premise of the entire story.
