Author's Note: Right, so I have decided to embark on a Rose/Scorpius fanfiction. Some years ago I wrote a Ginny/Harry post-War fic, but I didn't like it so deleted it.Anyway, you might say it's a strange pairing to switch to, but something about Rose and Scorpius as a couple has always intrigued me. Not the masochistic Draco/Hermione parallel that some people seem to see in it (a pairing which sickens me to my very core, by the way), and not even on a Romeo/ Juliet, forbidden love kind of level  well, not a lot. No, the pairing intrigued me because it occurred to me that, though from vastly different families, these two young people might actually have shared a lot of the same frustrations, growing up with parents who were famous for different reasons. As well as that, I always liked to imagine what would happen to the wizarding world after such a huge and devastating war.The idea wouldn't leave me after two years of unrelated writing, so I finally decided to just try it out and see where it takes me. The story that will follow is my particular interpretation of certain canon characters, the future of said characters, and the nature of the wizarding world itself. If you don't agree with it, well write your own story!Disclaimer: Copyright to J.K. Rowling. Also, shout out to amazing fanfictions like the Life and Times by jewels5 (one of the greatest love stories ever written, in my opinion) and On the Other Side by OffDreaming. Both helped to inspire me so much over the years when I was pondering writing this fanfiction. Also Harry Potter Wiki for being a well of excellent information. So here we go.(And yes, the story title is a Casablanca reference. Great movie.)Prologue"Our family was great once. We had a vast manor, with house-elves for servants. Our ties to one of the oldest pure-blood dynasties in England, the Black family, meant we were revered, and feared by many. We had influence in the Ministry of Magic. And almost every last one of us was placed in Slytherin.""Almost?""Well, there were some with different temperaments, or those who simply wished to rebel against their family by selecting another House. They were disowned, cast away. It was considered a great betrayal to one's blood not to be placed in Slytherin back then, you see. But now to be placed in it is to invite distrust and hatred upon yourself for the rest of your life. 'Remember this, Scorpius. They will tell you that all the Houses are equal, that in the end it doesn't truly matter where you are placed, that no one will judge you according to your blood, or your House, or your past. They'll say that Slytherin has changed that those who pass through it now become honest, hard-working wizards and witches, just the same as the other Houses. 'But they have never believed that. There is a deep unease among our people, Scorpius: a carefully-contained fear that has been quietly spreading since the War. So many were killed then, by so many former Slytherins, that they even considered getting rid of the House after the Battle of Hogwarts. They didn't, of course. But all the same, they have never stopped watching the pupils who are Sorted into Slytherin every year waiting for another great Dark wizard to emerge from its ranks.'People whom you have never met will hate you, Scorpius. You will never be fully trusted. You will constantly be surveyed and criticised in your years in everything you do. And not just because of your House. I have done terrible things, Scorpius, and you are my son. You look the very same as me when I did those terrible things, and people will find that impossible to ignore, wherever you go.'So. Knowing all this, Scorpius, if you are given the option, which House do you think you will choose in the Sorting ceremony?""Slytherin, Dad. I'll choose Slytherin.""And why?""Because I'm a Malfoy. And I'm proud of it.""That's right, Scorpius. Promise me that you'll never let anyone make you otherwise."
