Alright book two for Celeste :DTell me what you guys think!I don't own Harry PotterREVIEW! :DChapter One"Tap louder maybe.""He just won't wake up!""Then- I dunno rattle the bars! Maybe that'll be a little bit louder."Ron sighed before doing just that- the noise causing Harry to turn on his side, mumbling something to himself. I frowned at my friend, and was going to say something else when his eyes opened and almost immediately he saw us. The look of surprise on his face was just priceless."Nice!" I high fived Ron before turning back to Harry who was sliding open the window so that we could talk to the bars that were blocking it."Ron! CJ!" Harry breathed stunned. "How did you- What the?"His mouth had fallen open as he stared at the flying car that we were in. And by flying I truly meant flying. Fred and George were in the front seats grinning while Ron and I were sat comfortably in the back- me practically on top of Ron so that I could also talk to Harry."Alright there Harry?" George asked from the front."What's been going on?" Ron demanded before Harry could answer. "Why haven't you been answering our letters? I've asked you to stay about twelve times and then Dad came home and said you'd got an official warning for using magic in front of Muggles-""It wasn't me- and how did he know?" Harry cut off and I sighed."He works for the Ministry- you know we're not supposed to do spells outside of school...""You should talk." Harry scoffed and I couldn't help but to smile- though it quickly fell when I saw the doggy door that was attached to his door."Oh that doesn't count." Ron laughed. "We're only borrowing this. It's Dad's, we didn't enchant it. But doing magic in front of those Muggles you live with -""I told you, I didn't - but it'll take too long to explain now look, can you tell them at Hogwarts that the Dursleys have locked me up and won't let me come back, and obviously I can't magic myself out, because the Ministry'Il think that's the second spell I've done in three days, so -"That's when I decided that I needed to cut in."What have these muggles been doing to you Har'? Bars over the windows... That doggy door- They need to be charged with neglect or something." I scowled and he just gave a small shrug though then turned on me for questions."Shouldn't you be at home with your family?" He asked and I just sighed shaking my head- though noticing that Ron gave him a look at that."That's a story for later. Anyways we've come to take you home with us." I grinned and then tossed him a rope."Tie that around the bars." Fred commanded and Harry nodded, doing just that."If the Dursleys wake up, I'm dead.""Don't worry and stand back."Harry rushed back while Fred revved the engine. The car revved louder and louder and with a loud crunching noise, the bars were pulled clean off of the window. I grinned at Ron as the car slowly floated back into place. Ron and I hoisted the bars back up into the car before turning back to Harry."Get in." Ron said."But all my Hogwarts stuff- my wand- my broomstick...""Where is it?""Locked in the cupboard under the stairs, and I can't get out of this room-""No problem. CJ- you get in the driver's seat and make sure the car stays in place. Harry- out of the way."Fred and George climbed to the back of the car the window. I climbed up front and then put my hands at the wheel just in case- not moving it an inch."How come you get front seat? I'm their brother." Ron moaned from behind and I just grinned a bit at him, sticking my tongue out."It's 'cuz I'm more mature." I stated and we both laughed. I watched in the rearview mirror as Harry rushed around, grabbing things and passing them to Ron in the car. After a bit he rushed off for a moment and then came back with George and Fred, all three of them heaving Harry's luggage to the open window.I watched as Fred climbed back into the car while George and Harry pushed it from the bedroom- and slowly the trunk slid through the window and into the car."Okay let's go." George whispered but as Harry started to climb through the windowsill a loud screech came from behind and a yell came immediately after that."THAT RUDDY OWL!""Shit!" Fred hissed and quickly climbed up front, practically picking me up and moving me to the passenger's seat."I've forgotten Hedwig!"Harry rushed back into the room and snatched Hedwig's cage- practically throwing it to Ron. He was scrambling back towards us when his bedroom door crashed open and a large beast of a man stood there- red faced and furious. There was a split second when he stood frozen but after letting out a roar, he dived at Harry, grabbing him by the ankle.Ron and George grabbed onto Harry's arms and pulled as hard as they could. I quickly grabbed onto the back of George's shirt, pulling as well and praying that I was actually helping."Petunia! He's getting away! HE'S GETTING AWAY!" The man roared and after giving a large tug, Harry's leg slipped out of the man's grip and he was in the car. Panting he slammed the door shut- a large relieved grin on his face."Put your foot down Fred!" Ron yelled and the car shot forwards.I took a breath of relief and then crawled into the back- letting George take his place by Fred's side. Harry rolled down his window, looking back at his house and with a large grin on his face yelled "See you next summer!"Everyone burst out laughing and Harry made himself comfortable in his seat, unable to stop smiling. I grinned and then looked over at Hedwig then pulled out some hairpins."Let Hedwig out- she can fly behind us- she hasn't had the chance to stretch her wings for ages.""Already on it." I grinned and soon enough Hedwig was soaring out the window.Harry then told us about some house elf that ended up visiting him- levitating a pudding so he'd get in trouble and finally about how he had stolen all of Harry's letters."Very fishy." Fred said after Harry finished speaking and I nodded, a frown on my face."Definitely dodgy." George agreed. "So he wouldn't even tell you who's supposed to be plotting all of this stuff?""I don't think he could..." Harry admitted. "I told you, every time he got close to letting something slip, he started banging his head against the wall.""That's foul. They shouldn't have to hurt themselves if they disobey." I scowled and the boys all just shrugged causing me to roll my eyes."Do you think he was lying to me?" Harry asked as Fred and George glanced at each other from up front."Well, put it this way-" Fred started. "house-elves have got powerful magic of their own, but they can't usually use it without their master's permission. I reckon old Dobby was sent to stop you coming back to Hogwarts. Someone's idea of a joke. Can you think of anyone at school with a grudge against you?""Yes." Harry and Ron both agreed."Draco Malfoy- he hates me.""That doesn't mean he sent his house elf though. I mean Draco's not the sharpest tool in the shed. I doubt he would-""Draco Malfoy?" George turned around in his seat. "Not Lucius Malfoy's son?""Must be- It's not a very common name, is it?"The boys just kept on talking while I stared out the window, watching the night sky pass on by. I wasn't fond of flying- at all but flying in a car had to be one of the coolest things. Maybe I'd get one of these when I'm older... I'd have to ask Mr Weasley about what spells he used on this thing. And it obviously was legal since he was doing it... right?"So how long have you been here?" Harry asked turning his attention over to me and I gave him a small shrug."A week- maybe. I was shocked they let me stay- being a girl that is. Grateful but shocked." I smiled and Ron rolled his eyes at this statement."She's been helping Mum out with everything- sucking up to her really if you asked me." I punched him in the arm."It's because she let me stay- I wasn't just going to sit around while she tried to care for an extra person.""She loves you- anyways after-" I cleared my throat cutting George off and Harry shot me a confused look though I avoided his gaze. "After everything she wasn't going to turn you away."A pinkish glow was visible along the horizon and Fred started to lower the car. Lower and lower we went as the sun went higher and with a slight bump, we hit the ground landing next to the garage. I smiled a bit looking up at the Burrow and then climbed out of the car, grabbing Hedwig's cage in one hand."Now we've got to get upstairs real quietly and wait for Mum to call us for breakfast. Then, Ron, you come bounding downstairs going, 'Mum, look who turned up int he night!' and she'll be all pleased to see Harry and no one needs to ever know we flew the car.""Right, come on Harry, I sleep at the- at the top." Ron had gone a nasty green color, his eyes fixed behind us on the house. I turned around and paled as well.Mrs Weasley was marching across the yard, looking remarkably angry. In my time staying here I had learned how quick her temper was, and how scary she could be. But now? Now she looked furious- more angry than I had ever seen her."Ah...""Oh dear...""We're in trouble..."She came to a halt in front of us, her hands on her hips. I tried to hide behind George a bit- not wanting her anger to turn on me."Beds empty! No note! Car gone- could have crashed- out of my mind with worry- did you care?- never, as long as I've lived- you wait until your father gets home, we never had trouble like this from Bill, or Charlie, or Percy-""Perfect Percy." Fred mumbled and I wanted to tell him desperately that now as not the time."YOU COULD DO WITH TAKING A LEAF OUT OF PERCY'S BOOK!" Roared Mrs Weasley causing me to flinch back as she prodded a finger in Fred's chest. "you could have died! You could have been seen! You could have lost your father his job-"She continued ranting for what seemed like hours before shouting herself hoarse then turned on Harry who backed away looking frightened. I almost wanted to snicker at that but held it in."I'm very pleased to see you Harry dear. Come in and have some breakfast."She turned around and walked back to the house. Harry looked at us before following her.I sighed throwing the boys a look before making my way back to the house. Mrs Weasley was making breakfast, throwing looks at us while mumbling under her breath."Mrs Weasley we were just worried about Harry." I said after a while and she sighed looking back at me- I have her my best mature face hoping I'd be able to win her over."I don't blame you dear- the boys seem to drag you into a lot of things. Just have a bit more sense." She sighed and placed a few things of bacon on my plate. Ron shot me a scowl and I just shrugged slightly- unable to help the fact that she liked me."It was cloudy Mum!" Fred exclaimed."You keep your mouth closed while you're eating!" She snapped."They were starving him Mum!" George added and her expression softened a bit and she started buttering Harry's toast."And you! What is with families these days? First Celeste''s and now Harry's. I should have a talk with someone about this-" She mumbled then kept on cooking, her back towards us."What did she mean C-"Harry was cut off as Ginny appeared in the kitchen then ran out again after seeing Harry- a blush on her face. I chuckled a bit like that as Harry looked bewildered."Ginny- my sister. She's been talking about you all summer.""She doesn't talk about him -all- summer. Just... some of it." i stated with a smirk and then leaned back, taking it all in. It seemed like the rest of this summer was going to be a blast.
