A RevelationShe ran; that was all she could do. She could hear her pursuers' footsteps behind her. They were after her, and she was frantically trying to lose them. The streets of Diagon Alley were empty, due to it being late at night. She panted and her legs started to give in on her. She forced herself to run and with each passing minute, her energy was disappearing.She took a sharp right turn and ran down a side street. Unfortunately, the street she took led her to Knockturn Alley. She didn't notice, however. She was too busy trying to escape the two men following her. Her legs were weakening, and it was taking all of her strength to continue running.She looked behind her, to see how far her attackers were, and collided with a hard body. She looked up and quickly stepped back. She had run into her boyfriend's father, Lucius Malfoy. At that point she had never been happier to see him, even though she knew he hated her."P-please, Mr. Malfoy, help me. I know you don't like me and I know you despise the fact that I'm dating Draco, but I'm begging you. Please don't let them take me." She begged, tears streaming down her face.He looked down at her and took in her appearance. Her clothes were torn and she was bruised and bloodied. He watched her legs quiver under the strain of her attempts to stay standing. He looked over her, as he stood a good few inches above her, and saw her pursuers halt. He looked back down at the trembling girl, who was now clutching his robes. It wasn't hard to put two-and-two together"Good evening, Gentlemen. Is there something you needed?""Yes, that witch in your arms." One of them said."Why do you need her?""The bitch owes us." The second spoke and Lucius felt Hermione shake her head in disagreement."Why does she owe you, and what does she owe you?""We were promised a good fuck by one of her friends, who owed us a large sum of money.""Gentlemen, how much does this person owe you?""More than you can afford. Now, hand the witch over.""P-please don't, Mr. Malfoy." She whispered."I'm afraid I can't do that. You see she is my son and his best friend's lover. She is quite cherished by them, and I can assure you that, if they were to find you, you two would be dead. They don't take to kindly to people damaging what is theirs. Now, I'll ask you again, how much does this person owe?""50 million galleons.""Fine," Lucius said and pulled out a bank note. He wrote the amount down and handed it to the men, "Take that to Gringotts. They will give you the money you require. Who was the person who owed you?""Ron Weasley." one said and Lucius felt Hermione stiffen."Who are you anyway?" the other asked."Lucius Malfoy." He said and he watched them pale."L-Lucius M-Malfoy?" one asked and gulped."The former Death Eater?" the other asked."Yes. Now, I suggest you leave. My son will not take to kindly that you hurt one of his lovers." He said, his tone taking on a deeper tone."Y-yes, Sir." The men said and quickly took off. Lucius looked back down at Hermione."You're safe now, Mrs. Granger.""T-thank you, Mr. Malfoy.""Yes, well, let's get you to the Manor. I'm sure Draco and Blaise will want to take care of you." He said, wrapping his arms around her and apparating them to the Manor.They arrived in the Sitting Room, where Draco and Blaise were lounging on the couch. They both looked at Lucius and Hermione, worry and anger flashing through their eyes. Lucius removed his arms from around her, and she fell to the floor, her legs finally giving out. Draco and Blaise rushed to her.Draco pulled off his black, silk robe and placed it over her, leaving him in just his pajama pants. She pulled it around her, tighter, and looked at Blaise. He had accioed a first-aid kit and was starting to tend to her wounds. She had a few cuts here and there, but none were life-threatening.Blaise bandaged her up then helped her slip Draco's robe on. She tied it shut so her exposed body couldn't be seen. Draco's robe was twice her size and hung off of her tiny frame. She was shaking, and as he watched her, Lucius Malfoy had never seen the Hermione Granger look as vulnerable as she did now.He watched Blaise pick her up and cradle her against him. She clutched his shirt and buried her face in his chest. She sobbed loudly, and Lucius could tell that she wasn't planning on letting Blaise go, for a while. Blaise gently kissed the top of her head and looked at Draco."I'm taking her to our room. She needs rest." He said and Draco nodded."I'll be up in a minute," Draco said and watched Blaise leave with a sobbing Hermione in his arms. He turned a looked at his father, "Thank you. I know you don't like her, but you saved her. Blaise and I are truly grateful, Father.""It's fine. She may be a Muggle-born, and I may not like that, but no one deserves to be used as a bargaining chip.""What do you mean?""Her dear Blood Traitor friend owed some money and used her to get out of it. Apparently, the men had been promised a round of sex with her." He said and Draco saw red."Wait till I get my hands on that Bastard! He won't live to see the next day!""Draco, that can wait. Right now you need to be with Hermione." Lucius said and Draco nodded."You're right," he turned to leave then looked back at Lucius, "thank you, again." He said then hurried to his lovers.As Lucius watched him leave, he realized that Hermione had changed his son. The, once, cold hearted boy had now become a gentle, caring lover. She had wormed her way into the heart of his son, and he could slowly feel her worming her way into his own heart. It was at that moment, that he realized he was beginning to care about Hermione Granger. As he walked to his bedroom, where Narcissa most likely was, he came the realization that a Muggle-born girl had melted the ice around his son's heart and was slowly melting the ice around his own. The girl truly was special, and he vowed to try and get to know her, for his son's sake.Years later, he would look back and be thankful that he had saved her that day, as she married his son and graced him with two grandchildren. His heart had been warmed, and he and Narcissa had never been happier. Who knew it took him saving this girl for him to realize how special she was.
