So I recently did the whole, Watch all 8 Harry Potter movies in one day thing. Took 19 hours, but I did it. It was during this marathon that I fell in love with Fred and George Weasley. There isn't nearly enough OC stories for them, and while I do like the pairing of Fred and Hermione (Charlie and Hermione is interesting as well,) I have had this idea in my head for weeks, and decided to finally get it down. So, without further ado, I present Forever Road!She was almost overwhelmed as she looked desperately for platform 9 . Having flown all the way from her hometown of Nashville, Tennessee and gotten off her plane just a few hours before, it was a wonder she hadn't collapsed yet. 11 years old was way too young to be at a train station in a completely unfamiliar country by yourself, she thought to herself."I will never understand why they make us come to a station that is always packed with muggles!" a female voice said, the last word spoken capturing Ryanne Scott's attention."Muggles," she whispered to herself, remembering the word from when an older British woman had visited her home in America to tell her about the school. The woman had called her a 'muggle-born,' and explained that it was a term for witches or wizards who were born of non-magical families. Shaking her head to rid it of her thoughts, Ryanne followed the family, all of whom had bright red hair.There was an older woman who had to be the mother. The oldest with her had to at least be in his seventh year, with hair that reached just past his ears. The next oldest was a few years younger, probably in his second or third year. He was the only one wearing glasses. The next two were obviously twins, and looked to be her age. There was a boy a few years younger than the twins, and a girl who was even younger. They were all looking at a wall, which had a sign for 9 on one side, and 10 on the other."Charlie, go ahead," the woman said. The oldest boy gripped his trolley, loaded with a trunk and an owl cage with a tawny owl inside, and ran for the wall. Ryanne flinched the moment the trolley reached the wall, expecting the trolley- and Charlie, as a result- to slam into the wall and cause the boy serious injury. But instead of slamming into it, Charlie and his trolley past right through. Ryanne's eyes widened. What the hell?"Percy, you next," the woman, and the boy with glasses did the same as his brother. Ryanne was stunned; how did that work?"Um, excuse me," Ryanne said, gaining the attention of the woman. She looked at Ryanne curiously. "Um, I was wondering if you could maybe tell me how to get onto the platform," she said, fingering the strings of her hooded sweatshirt nervously."Of course, dearie!" the woman exclaimed happily. "All you have to do is run straight at that wall. I take it it's your first year at Hogwarts?"Ryanne nodded, "Yes ma'am," she responded."You must not be from around here," one of the twins said."Not with that accent," the other finished.Ryanne blushed red. "I'm from America," she said shyly. "And my accent? The only times I ever hear accents from this country is when I watch Doctor Who!" she said.The twins looked at each other in confusion, not sure of what Doctor Who even was. But they shrugged and smiled at her."I'm Fred, and this is my brother George. We're first years, too," one of them said.Ryanne nodded. "Hi. I'm Ryanne.""Ryan? Isn't that a boy's name?" George asked in surprise."Add an extra n and an e and you have a girl's name," Ryanne replied, smiling."Well then, Ryanne dear, now that you're acquainted, I think we should get onto the platform," the older woman said.Ryanne blushed, realizing that she had held them up. Taking a deep breath, Ryanne charged the wall and instead of hitting it dead on, passed right through. On the other side of the wall was a much larger platform, with families everywhere. Parents were saying goodbye to children, some in tears.Fred and George soon appeared behind her, both smiling about something."Come on, Ryanne, let's get on the train!" Fred exclaimed, standing on one side of her as George stood on the other.Their older brothers joined them on the platform (they had gone first, after all, and were waiting for their younger siblings) and introductions were made before the youngest of the red heads and their mother came through. After a tearful goodbye from the woman- Ryanne would know her as Mrs. Weasley for the next seven years, a second mother to her- and Ryanne, the twins, Percy and Charlie were on the large, red train, the last time for Charlie and the first for the three younger kids.The five managed to find a compartment for themselves, and Ryanne was able to let out her pet. She had just gotten a ferret when her letter arrived with that woman, so Ryanne had opted to bring her. She was pure white with brown eyes, affectionately named Snowflake."I think the letter said owl, cat or toad," Fred said, raising an eyebrow at the white ferret."I got her just before I got the letter. The lady who came to talk to me said I could bring her," Ryanne explained as Snowflake curled up on her lap."A lady came and spoke to you?" Charlie asked in surprise. He sat next to Ryanne, leaving Percy and the twins on the other bench.Ryanne nodded, "I think she said her name was McGonagall or something.""Ah, Professor McGonagall. Head of Gryffindor house and head deputy. The only one above her is Dumbledore. But she only goes to people's houses if they're muggle-born," Percy said, trying to sound smart."But for her to travel all the way to America is something else, entirely. There's a Wizarding school in America, why didn't you go there?" Charlie asked."The Hogwarts letter and Professor McGonagall got to me first, I guess. But I didn't know there was a school in America. She never mentioned it to me, anyway," Ryanne said, running a hand over Snowflake's body.The Weasley siblings looked at each other, but said nothing else about it. Instead, Charlie and Percy left to find their own friends, leaving the twins and Ryanne alone. They spent the rest of the ride talking about themselves. By the time they changed into their new robes and arrived at Hogwarts, they were best friends.Once they were in Hogwarts, the sorting soon began. Ryanne was near the end, although she knew Fred and George would be after her. Finally, her name came up."Ryanne Scott?" Professor McGonagall announced, reading off of a long piece of parchment.Ryanne took a deep breath and stepped up, hearing whispers from the older students as she did so. The Sorting Hat, a magical hat that would sort them into their houses, was dropped onto her head as soon as she sat on the stool."Ah, a muggle-born!" the hat said, although no one but her could hear it. "And one from America, at that! Well, well, well, you were very brave to come all the way here, and that fact alone will make it easy to sort you." The hat paused for a moment, and then yelled, loud enough for everyone to hear, "GRYFFINDOR!"Ryanne smiled and hopped off the stool, heading for the table that was cheering loudly. She sat down next to Charlie, who nodded his head to her with a smile. Ryanne didn't know it yet, but Charlie would end being like an older brother to her. The rest of the sorting went by slowly, with Fred and George both ending up in Gryffindor, as well.With her new friends, Ryanne spent her first two years at Hogwarts with little to no issues, except for all the trouble she got into with the Weasley twins.Ryanne had no idea of what she would be getting into when she went into her third year with Fred and George, Percy going into his fifth. For this year would be the year that the youngest Weasley boy would enter Hogwarts, as well as the year that Harry Potter would enter. This was the year that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named would return.This was the year that all Hell would break loose.Crappy start? I promise, it'll get better as the story goes on. 
