It was about two weeks into summer vacation. Normally, Hermione Granger hated the summer, but this year she was excited to be home. The fresh out of Hogwarts, nineteen year old woman, was finally getting the chance to spend a completely normal and carefree summer with her parents. Everyone knew that Hermione had seen very little of her parents since she started her time at Hogwarts. She wanted, more than anything, to make up for the lack of time they had spent together. She had spent so much time helping Harry and Ron that she put her parents on the backburner. Hermione scoffed at the though.It had been nearly ten months since she had spoken to Ron. About a week into their "relationship" she had caught Ron snogging, with who else? Lavender Brown. Hermione was angered by Rons actions, but had elected to just give him the silent treatment for the rest of her life. Harry on the other hand, had shocked Hermione. The second Harry found out what Ron did, he told the git off.The thought made Hermione smile. She never thought Harry would take her side over Rons, but when he did, it was one of the best feelings she had ever had.What made Hermione even happier, was the fact that Harry had chosen to join her in their seventh and final year at Hogwarts. This had caught Hermione off guard. She had assumed that he would go into the auror program and get a start on his future career. That is, until she had spoken to him about his future plans."Its just I've spent my whole life fighting off dark wizards Mione'. I just dont want to put myself in constant danger anymore. I want an easygoing, happy life."Hermione had smiled at that. If anyone deserved a quiet, happy life, it was Harry."So, what do you plan on doing then?" She had turned to see a bright smile on Harrys face."Well, I've been thinking alot about that and I've decided that I want to teach, here at Hogwarts."Hermione was shocked to say the least. She knew Harry was a great teacher. During the short time of the D.A., he had taught all of them so much, but the fact that he actually wanted to spend his life doing this, well that made Hermione smile."I think you'll be wonderful at it Harry."She was brought from her thoughts by the sound of clawing at the window. Hermione looked up to see the very familer, snowy white owl, that she had seen so much of.Though it had been only two weeks since they had last seen eachother, Harry and Hermione had been in constant contact. Most of their letters were talking about Hermiones time with her parents, Harrys summer adventures or their next year at Hogwarts.They had both been offered apprenticeships under Hogwarts professors. Hermione would be learing under Proffessor McGonagall and Harry under Professor Lupin, returning to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts once again.Hermione stood up and walked over to the window to let Hedwig in. As soon as the window was opened, Hedwig flew onto Hermiones shoulder and greeted her with a loud hoot. Hermione let out a small chuckle."I've missed you too girl."She untied the letter off of the owls foot and brushed against the side of her beak. Harry had often told her that Hedwigs favorite spot to be pet was along her beak.The owl hooted again and with one last nip of Hermiones flew to the window sill, to await further instruction.Hermione opened the letter and began reading;Dear Hermione,Lupin wrote me today. He gave me a list of books and things I'll be needing for the year. He also mentioned that Mcgonagall should be sending yours very soon. Let me known when you get it and we'll go to Diagon Alley together. Should be fun right? We can make a day out of it.Anways, everything around Grimmaulds been uneventful. Other than the remodeling I mean. I've been enjoying myself quite a bit. Who would of thought remodeling a house could bring someone so much enjoyment? I think i have a knack for it. I cant wait for you to see it.Also, guess what? Dracos going to be apprenticing under Snape this year. Weird right? We've been speaking to eachother alot recently. I'm glad you told me to give him another chance Mione'. Hes really becoming one of my best friends. Though he still has his quirks, I guess those wont ever change.Anyways, I hope you have a good day. How have your parents been? Are you enjoying your time with them? Well, make sure you write me back as soon as possible. I cant wait to see you again.Love,HarryHermione finished reading the letter with a pink tinge on her face. She couldn;t wait to see him again either. She was brought from her thoughts by a hoot from Hedwig."Just give me a second to write him back. Okay, girl?"She took Hedwigs nod and wing flap as confirmation and began writing;Dear Harry,Everythings been fantastic around here. Mum and Dad have been great. I still cant belive that they aren't mad at me for erasing their memories but I guess thats just one of the things that make them such great parents. They took me to see Shakespeare last night and it was wonderful. The theatre was amazing and the play was fantastic. It was such a magical night.Professor Mcgonagalls going to be sending my list? Do you know when? How much is on it? Do you think it covers advanced spells for my mastery? Oh.. I'm sorry. You know how I get. I'm just so excited.How are Lupin and Tonks? Have you been seeing much of them lately? How about baby Teddy? Its been a while since I've last seen him. Hes probably grown so much.As for you and Draco, I'm glad. I know how much you two seemed to get along during are seventh year. Snape for thatmatter too. Its nice that you two have come to terms with your differences. Mostly atleast.I'd love to go with you to Diagon Alley. Spending the day with you would be fantastic aswell. I do want you to come over for dinner with my parents at somepoint during the summer. Mum really wants to get to know you better and daddy too. Its good to see you're enoying remodeling Grimmauld place. I'm so excited to see what you've done to it! I bet Sirius would love that you're making it your home.Anyways, Hedwigs waiting for this letter so I'll finish it up. I cant wait to see you again Harry. I'm so excited to be going back to Hogwarts and starting my future career.All my love,Hermione.Hermione read over her letter, finding that she was quite please with what she had written. The folded the letter and grabbed the ribbon that had been tied to Hedwigs letter. She walked over to her bookshelf and pulled out a tiny box. She opened the box and pulled out a small owl treat. Walking over to Hedwig, Hermione handed Hedwig the treat, much to her enjoyment, and wrapped the ltter around her leg. After her treat was eaten, Hedwig gave Hermione one last hoot and was out of the window, back to Grimmauld.Just as Hedwig had flown out of her window, Hermione heard a knock at her door."Come in." she called out.The door opened to reveal Hermiones mother and father."Hermione dear," her mother started, a smile on her face. "Ready for our walk?"Hermione returned her smile. "Of course mum. Lets go."The three headed out, ready to spend much deserved family time and get their morning walk off to a good start.OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOHarry Potter dropped the paint brush that he had been using for the last hour. He looked around the room and was proud of what he had accomplished. He had started on his living room today, deciding on a gray trim with dark blue walls.Sure, he could of knocked this out of the way easily with magic, but he loved the feel of manual labor. The fact that he had accomplished this all ,with his bare hands, well that was a great feeling.Just then, Harry had heard a loud knock at his door. He sighed, wiped his hands with a cloth he had nearby and headed for the door."I'm coming." he shouted as he made his way closer. He opened the door to reveal three people. A small baby, about one years old now, a slightly short pink haired woman, and the man who had become the closest thing to a father he had."Remus, Tonks ,Teddy. Come in!" he said with a smile. "What brings you guys by?"Remus and Tonks smiled, stepping through the doorway. "Nothing cub. Just wanted to pay you a visit. Its been a while."Harry rolled his eyes, the smile never leaving his face. "Its been two day.""Much to long to be out of the presence of the Man-Who-Won. We just couldn't bare it any longer." Tonks said,sarcasm all over her voice. The three shared a laugh until Teddy caught their attention.Teddy gargled in delight and swung his arms, signaling he wanted to be held by Harry. Harry grabbed him, messed the hair on his head, as he normally did with Teddy and led the four of them to the kitchen."Its nice to see you." Harry started, "I love having you three over. Makes this place feel homier."Tonks and Remus smiled fondly at Harry as they sat around his table. Harry followed suit, resting Teddy on his knee."Can I get you anything? Tea? Sandwitches?" Harry asked."Tea would be wonderful." Replied Remus.Harry stood up and handed Teddy back to Tonks. Teddy groaned and caused everyone to laugh again. Harry made his around the kitchen and started preparing the tea."So, Harry, hear from Hermione yet?" Lupin asked. He and Tonks shared a knowing smile. Harry had his back turned to them, so he missed the show."Not yet." He replied, "Its only been a few hours since Headwig headed out. Actually, she should be back sometimes soon."They chatted back a forth for a while. Harry had Teddy giggling out of control, as he normally did when they were together. After a couple of hours of talking, rehashing of Harrys final school year at Hogwarts and thoughts on his apprenticeship year, it was time for the Lupins to head home."Well, cub. Until next time."Harry waved as the three vanished with a small pop. Harry turned, a small smile on his face, to finish up his living room.OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOHermione and her parents entered the house after their walk. They had spent the morning walking around the park, talking. She had so much to tell her parents, she wanted them to know everything and they wanted to know everything about their daughter."Well, that was quite enjoyable. I think I'll head up and shower." Hermiones dad said."Okay daddy." Hermione kissed her fathers cheek and headed to the kitchen, with her mother.Hermiones mum walked over to the fridge and fixed them each a cup of lemonade. She walked over to the table and sat the drink infront of her daughter."Thanks mum." she said, then took a sip from the cup. "Thats delicious."Her mum smiled. "I'm just glad we're all together again honey."Hermiones smile faded as she saw tears form in her mums eyes. She knew it washard on her mum and dad, it was hard on her too, but still, deep down, she would never regret what she did. She had to keep them safe."Mum i'm so-" she started but was cut off."I know honey. You did what you had to to save us. We love that you did that for us sweatheart. We're just sad we missed so much of your life.""We can make it up know though." Hermione replied.Her mum smiled, stood, and hugged her daughter. "We'll make the most of it. Thats for sure."She returned to her seat and the two of them chatted amongst themselves."So, tell me about you and Harry?" Hermione blushed. Was she that obvious?"Theres not much to tell mom. We're just friends."Hermiones mum laughed. "You might just be friends now darling, but you love the boy. Don't you."Hermione lowered her face, looking down at the table. "I do mum. I've been in love with Harry for a while now, its just.. I don't want to ruin our friendship. That would hurt to much."I understand dear. I do, but sometimes in life you have to take risks. Remember that. Harry would be a fool not to want you. You're smart, wonderful to be around and you;re absolutely gorgeous." Her mum replied.Hermione smiled at her mum. She had missed having her advice but it was nice to see, that after everything, she was still there for her.OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOHarry had just sat down to enjoy his dinner. He had fixed himself a turkey sandwich with a nice glass of pumpkin juice, when he was brought to a sound at his window. He stood up and opened the window to reveal Hedwig, with Hermiones letter around her leg.Het patted the owl, and took the letter, begining to read.He read through the letter, the smile on his face not once leaving. He was allready planing their day together in his head. He just wanted to see her.Harry had been having strong feelings towards Hermione for a while now. The day he had found out Ron had cheated on her, he was livid. Harry had always wanted Hermione, but figured she was in love with Ron. So, not wanting to ruin the friendship the three shared, Harry just sat back and let nature take its course. Why Ron would cheat on Hermione was beyond Harry. In his eyes, she was the perfect woman. Beautiful, smart, fun to be around, just an overall delight.He wished with every fiber of his being that she would eventually feel this way towards him, but in the end, he just wanted to make sure they were friends forever.Harry sighed and returned to his food."I have it bad girl." Harry said, "I want her so much. It hurts."Hedwig flew over to Harry, lande on his shoulder and gave a comforting hoot."I wish it was that easy girl." Harry replied.He gave Hedwig the last piece of his sandwitch, cleaned up his mess and headed up to bed. The last thought of the night, was of Hermione and how much he was looking forward to their day together.
