A/N To my friendly followers, and any future readers!I got inspired by a story I read a few days ago, and I was encouraged to write again. I'm getting back into the swing of things, so reviews on how I could improve, thoughts and suggestions are always welcome! This story starts a bit slowly, but I promise that if you can get through this first chapter it will become exciting (aka Sirius and the main character actually have a proper conversation) very soon! Sophia xxxPS - For all who are confused who's point of view this story starts off as, it's the OC (the lovely character who will introduce herself part way through this chapter). PPS - Anything you recognise, I don't own. My name is (unfortunately) not J.K. Rowling.Chapter 1 - Blossoming WallflowerI was studying in the Gryffindor common room when I first heard the gossip about Sirius Black and his vicious breakup with one of the girls in the year above. What made this a very popular topic of gossip amongst the students was that Sirius had been the first boy to "do the deed" in our year, and now he had dumped the girl in a very heartless manner, according to Nicole, who was loudly telling a small portion of the Sirius Black fan-club about the fight she had just witnessed. The girls had expressions of hopefulness, realising they all had a chance to be his next girlfriend.I was embarrassed for all girls who pined after the boy who treated girls as if they were expendable. I suspected that few had even talked to him for more than five minutes at a time before he got bored of them. Why were they still so besotted with the lad? I couldn't deny that he was extremely handsome, as no one rivalled Sirius Black in the physical attraction department, not even his best friends. But he was selfish and cocky, and pulled countless pranks on the other students of Hogwarts, which I thought was mean and thoughtless. He engaged with illegal activities such as drinking and smoking, and in conclusion portrayed the typical bad boy, which was the only explanation I could find for the extensive gaggle of girls that followed him around like lost puppies.Sirius Black was popular. He and his friends, a group that had nicknamed themselves "The Marauders", were known by everyone in the school for their notorious pranks, good looks and hilarious personalities. Most of the boys wanted to be like them, and most of the girls wanted to be with them. The majority of the gossip at Hogwarts revolved around them; whom they had snogged in a broom cupboard, rumours about their next prank, and everything else they did from the moment they woke to when they fell asleep. Of course I'd wondered once or twice what it would be like if everyone cared about you, and you were always in the spotlight. But that lifestyle didn't attract me. I was shy, and could hardly form sentences under pressure, which I usually felt in front of anyone, weather it be one person or one hundred people.This is why I stuck to myself throughout most of my school life so far. I wasn't a complete loner; I often studied with Gwendolyn McArthur, or Lily Evans when she wasn't hanging out with her friend Severus Snape. Apart from those girls, I wasn't comfortable being with someone for a substantial amount of time, even if we were just studying together, but I didn't mind. I enjoyed the quiet of the library, yet unfortunately it closed before I planned to stop studying. Normally I would have taken shelter in my dorm room, however three of the other girls in my year were currently in there, laughing loudly and doing girly things such as painting each other's nails. Instead, I sat in the corner of the common room, which wasn't much better, however no one payed me much attention which I preferred.The door to the common room opened, and the four Marauders walked in. Being the wallflower of the castle, I noticed many little things, such as the fact that when these four boys entered a room, they seemed to have a magnetic pull that caused everyone to turn and look at them in wonder before returning to what they were occupying themselves with before. The four boys walked to the armchairs by the fireplace, where some seventh year boys were currently evacuating their spot so the Marauders could sit down. The power they held over the whole school was unbelievable, especially as they were only fifth years. I remembered the embarrassing time in second year when I had once sat on one of the armchairs by the fireplace, and didn't know the rule that that was the Marauder's spot. Sirius Black, who was already showing signs of becoming a very handsome teen, had walked up to me, demanding for his chair."Excuse me, but I believe you are sitting in my seat" a loud, rude voice told me.I looked up from my book into the attractive face of Sirius Black. The other Marauders were already relaxing into the other empty velvet chairs."Hello?" he asked me, waving his hand in front of my face as if I were deaf. "Oh" I stammered, and then bent down to pack my books into my bag. "Sor-" I started breathing faster. "Sorry" I managed to say quickly, before rushing away.I hadn't spoken to him since. They sat by the fire, the light of the flames dancing on their faces, as they laughed boisterously. I noticed Sirius' eyes travel around the room, lingering on a few girls. They passed straight over me, as if I wasn't even there. I didn't mind though  that boy reeked of trouble and heartbreak. I was at Hogwarts to study magic, and not to waste my time on relationships.I studied late that night, and the common room slowly emptied. It was midnight when I finally packed up my books, the only other people still in the room being a couple of seventh years and The Marauders. As I stood up to leave, I spared one last glance at the band of teen royalty. The first, and only, thing I noticed, was that Sirius Black was staring at me. I temporarily wondered if he was looking at something behind me, but his eyes were following me as I walked towards the stairs that led up to my dorm. Suddenly he winked, and I almost dropped the books I was holding in shock. What did one do when a boy winked at you? Did one wink back or say thanks? I started breathing faster as I got nervous, and strode the last few remaining steps to the staircase and then rushed up them, out of view from Sirius Black.My heart was still beating faster than usual as I lay down in bed. That was the first time a boy had properly looked at me, and I didn't know what to do. I reminded myself that Sirius Black winked at every girl, but that didn't calm me down, due to the fact that it was the first time he'd done it to me. Normally, his eyes would simply glide over where I was, as if I wasn't even there, as did those of most other people. I felt noticed for the first time in years.I saw Sirius Black and the rest of the Marauders at the breakfast table the next day. I looked at the boy with the grey eyes curiously, to see if the events from last night would repeat themselves. I don't know if I was disappointed when his eyes once more completely passed over me as if I was invisible. Things had returned back to their old ways, I assumed. The little excitement from last night was enough to last me the rest of the year anyway.One month later it was getting dangerously close to exam time. I had been studying regularly for my O.W.L.s, and felt quite prepared."Excuse me, but would I be able to borrow this book, Miss Millington?" a very polite, boy voice asked me as I was sitting in the library, surrounded by numerous books about Transfiguration. I looked up at the fifth year boy who was holding one of my books. From his scarf I could determine that he was a Huffelpuff. I opened my mouth, before shutting it again, knowing that I'd only stammer my way through a sentence if I was lucky. I shyly smiled and nodded quickly."Thanks!" he grinned, and sat down next to me. My heart already started beating faster, as being in such close proximity to someone I had never talked to before made me very nervous. "I'm Felix Decker!" he told me, extending his hand for me to shake. I tenderly put my hand in his and wondered if he could tell I was shaking. "I'm Julia," I said quietly. "Julia Millington".Felix nodded. "I know" he grinned, then lifted my hand up to his mouth and kissed my hand like a gentlemen. I froze and looked at him with wide eyes. What on earth was going on? "You're beautiful," he told me.I stopped breathing."What?" I stammered."Thanks for letting me borrow your book again," he told me with a wink, before standing up and leaving the library. I didn't move for at least 10 minutes, and knew that there was no way I would be getting any more work done that night.I didn't stop thinking about what had happened in the library for the whole of the following week, and my heart started beating fast again when Felix approached me in the library once more. He had his signature grin on when he sat down next to me, and handed me back my book. That was so much help, thanks Millington!"I nodded and smiled shyly."Do you want to go to for a walk around the grounds?" He asked me suddenly.I stared at him in shock, and then slowly nodded. "Sure" I whispered.He beamed and held out his hand.After putting my books in my satchel, which he kindly offered to carry for me, we walked out of the castle towards the lake."So what subjects do you take?" he asked me.I shrugged my shoulders. "The usual" I said quietly."You don't talk much, do you?" Felix smiled.I blushed bright red. "I'm just-," I stammered. "Just a little shy"Felix nodded. "That's fine! It's cute"I blushed even redder."Are you ready for your exams?" he asked.I nodded. "Are you?" I asked him quietly."Yeah! I've definitely done enough to pass all of my exams, not sure if I'll get an Outstanding for many of them though"I nodded in agreement."Why did you ask me to go for a walk with you?" I questioned, and surprised myself by saying the whole sentence without stammering or pausing."Because you've always been the most quiet and reserved person I know, and although everyone thinks that's just who you are, I think there's more to you, you know?" he grinned. "So I guess this is an expedition to find out"I didn't know how to respond to that, but didn't end up having to, due to a loud commotion behind us.Felix and I turned around and saw four boys splashing each other with the water in the lake. I instantly recognised them as the Marauders. James Potter noticed us, and waved. Felix grabbed my hand and gently pulled me over, as I blushed a fierce red. I sent a prayer to the heavens that they didn't try and include me in any conversation, as I knew that I wouldn't be able to answer without embarrassing myself."Hey Felix!" Peter Pettigrew grinned and waded out of the water."Having fun?" he asked the boys and they nodded, joining us on the shore of the Black Lake."Are you?" James Potter asked him with a wink, then looking at me.Felix smiled and nodded."You're Julia Millington, correct?" Remus Lupin asked me.I noticed my breathing become heavy as I nodded. I absolutely hated all this attention on me."Are you two together now?" James asked Felix.Felix looked at me before answering, while I blushed again and looked at my feet."Not really" he replied."Oh okay" James replied."Can we go back to the castle please?" Peter Pettigrew asked, jumping from one foot to the other while rubbing his hands up and down his wet arms. "It's so cold".Sirius Black nodded. "Let's go"Felix and I followed the four boys back up to the castle. I stayed silent while the others talked amongst themselves. This would definitely be a day to remember, I told myself. Not only was it the first time that I had talked to a boy alone, but also all four Marauders had spoken to me. We were just entering the castle when the caretaker, Filch, started shouting at the four Marauders for leaving behind a trail of water from the lake.He was just ordering them all a detention when Professor Dumbledore appeared behind him. His eyes immediately widened when he saw me with the boys, and it was the first time I had ever seen him shocked. "Argus" Dumbledore said calmly, addressing the caretaker and regaining his tranquil personality. Dumbledore swished his wand before all four boys were dry and the water on the floor had evaporated. "There's nothing here to give out detentions for" he said, and Filch huffed before turning around and leaving the corridor.James Potter grinned. "Thanks old man!" and our small group moved to the staircase.Dumbledore's eyes twinkled as they passed, but as he found mine they became concerned again."Miss Millington?" he asked. "Would you be kind enough to join me in my office?"I looked at him perplexed. "Of course, Professor" I said quietly. I couldn't imagine that I was in any trouble, seeing as I'd never had a detention in my life and couldn't think of anything I'd done wrong in the past few days.Dumbledore motioned me to sit as we reached his desk. The old leather chairs were soft, but his concerned stare didn't allow me to relax."Miss Millington, can you tell me of your relationship with Felix Decker?" he asked calmly."I-" I stammered. "We aren't-" I took a deep breath. "-In a relationship"Dumbledore nodded. "When did you and Felix Decker become friends?"I shrugged. "We only properly talked today," I said quietly."Have you talked to anyone else out of the ordinary in the past few weeks?"I shook my head, and then changed my mind. "The Marauders" I answered.The old man nodded, his eyes piercing into my soul.The door to his office opened, and Professor McGonagall walked into the room. "You called, Professor?"Dumbledore looked at McGonagall gravely. "It's time," he told her.Her eyes drifted to where I was sitting and she nodded understandingly."Time for what?" I stammered."We need to tell you about your parents" Dumbledore told me."What about them?" I asked."Evan and Daisy Millington are not your real parents" he said calmly and waited for my reaction."Excuse me?" I asked. I had grown up with them my whole life, I had seen my birth certificate that had their names and mine printed on it, and I even looked similar to them."Your real father was killed by Voldemort, while your mother and your older siblings have gone into hiding" he told me.I stared at him. "That's not possible" I stammered. "I live with my real parents"Dumbledore sadly shook his head."Just tell her the full story," Professor McGonagall told him.Dumbledore sighed sadly, before opening a little wooden box he kept of his desk. He pulled out an old photograph, in which I could recognise him standing with two other people. The woman held a baby, while the man was holding the hands of two boys, who I suspected were around 15. Everyone was laughing, including Dumbledore."These are your parents, Sofia and Lukas Dupont" Dumbledore said, pointing to the two adults. "Those are Michael and Robert, your two brothers", he said, pointing to the two younger boys. "And that's you" he finished, pointing at the baby.I shook my head in denial, however I could see the similarities between the people and myself, apart from the woman, who's beauty was inhuman. As I looked at the man, I realised that he was quite handsome too, and the boys would certainly grow up to look similar."Voldemort wanted your family to be part of his army" Dumbledore explained. "But they denied, so he hunted them down. I helped them go into hiding, which was around the same time you were born, but he eventually found them. Your father had distracted the Death Eaters long enough to help your mother escape with you and your siblings, but he was killed. I talked to your mother, and she decided that she needed to leave the country, so she moved to a little town in Japan. She left you in my care because she knew that it would be safest as you still needed a proper education, and Hogwarts was the only place she trusted. Also, you would become much stronger than your brothers due to the fact that you are a girl, and she couldn't give you the protection you would need.""What do you mean?" I asked.Dumbledore looked at McGonagall, who nodded in encouragement."You're a pure-blood veela, Miss Dupont""No!" I exclaimed. "I am Julia Millington" I told him. "If I were a veela, I would have all boys flocking after me" I stammered.Dumbledore smiled. "I placed you with a very good Muggle family who's own daughter had just died in childbirth, and altered their minds so they thought you were their legitimate daughter. I also put charms on you, with the help of your mother. They cause you to be slightly socially awkward, as well as discouraging anyone from approaching you or trying to befriend you. The last spell was to suppress your beauty. All the spells were supposed to wear off when you turned of age, however for some reason it's already starting now, and I could only imagine this is because your powers are stronger than I first thought they would become. They're breaking down the spells I put on you, which is almost unheard of."I stared at Dumbledore as he finished speaking."You put a spell on me?" I asked angrily.Dumbledore nodded. "It was vital for me to do so. You were already showing signs of being stronger than any other magical infant. You would have exposed us all"I shook my head in denial. "Why weren't my brothers left behind as well?" I asked."Veela females are much stronger than veela males, Miss Millington. Also they were both already 16, and didn't have much schooling left to complete"I noticed that Dumbledore had returned to using my fake last name. "How do I know you're telling the truth now?" I asked.Dumbledore shrugged. "I have no way of proving it, but you should know deep down that you're different. Just look at how much your speech has already changed in the course of one day from talking to multiple people."I sat it silence for a while. What Dumbledore said was true. I was stuttering much less than usual."Are your spells the reason of why so many people act like I'm invisible?" I asked.Dumbledore nodded. "It was for your best protection, I promise"I looked at Professor McGonagall. "Who else knows who I really am?" I asked."Professor McGonagall and I are the only ones who know" Dumbledore told me. "No one else, apart from your mother and siblings, know that you exist. They all believe you died when your family was attacked""Is the rest of my family still alive?" I asked Dumbledore.He smiled and nodded. "I don't have any contact with them unfortunately, but I know that your mother will return on your 17th birthday when you turn of age, as that was when the spells were supposed to wear off. Contacting her now is too dangerous""Why is my family in danger?" I asked."You could be a very powerful weapon in the hands of Voldemort"I nodded slowly. "Can you remove the rest of the spell that you have made on me?" I asked.Dumbledore shook his head. "I'm sorry, but I would need the help of your mother to do that, as she helped me cast it. Also, it wouldn't be a wise idea, due to the fact that you would be extremely overwhelmed with your sudden increase in powers"I nodded."The powers will fade the more you talk to people and they talk back," Dumbledore explained. "And you will also soon experience some surges in power, and when you do I advise to be extremely careful with what you do, as the spells you cast then will be very powerful, and some temporary spells may become permanent. You will definitely be receiving more attention from the male population at Hogwarts, however I beg you to be cautious befriending people, as angry Veelas become very dangerous." Dumbledore paused, then added "I recommend you to read some books on Veelas in the library, and extend your knowledge on who you truly are" he said, his pale eyes staring at me intently.Dumbledore looked at McGonagall, who nodded, then turned back to me and smiled. "I believe it is almost time for dinner. See you in the Great Hall" he said, dismissing me.
