TEXAS, AMERICAI was excited, but a bit nervous too; who wouldn't be nervous going to England by themselves? But going to Hogwarts will be a great opportunity.And I'll get to see the school that my dad went to. Rumor has it that they have some new ghosts hanging around the school after the battle that took place there.It's almost time to head to the airport, so I took one last look in the mirror to make sure that I look presentable. My mom says I look a lot like my father (All I know is his name).Black hair, high cheekbones, and a straight nose which I got from my mother. But my most striking feature are my eyes. They are so black you almost can't see the pupils. My fathers eyes my mother said.I have a wonderful mom. I was the product of a one night stand, and she doesn't want to get married, so she raised me on her own. Single mothers are thought of as irresponsible, and many are, But not my mom, she's amazing. And she's not ashamed of me which is the best part. My legal name is Sarah O'Conner, but if my mom had been married to my dad it would be different.Sarah Snape.LONDON, ENGLANDAs the plane touched down in London I was suddenly very nervous. What if I wasn't any good at magic? What if I couldn't find a wand? What if I couldn't afford everything?I was going to faint! I felt light headed and I was starting to feel sick to my stomach. I wasn't even sure who was supposed to meet me!I stood in the middle of the airport having a panic attack when a pair of red heads walked up to me."Are you Sarah O'Conner?" The first red head asked. He was missing an ear."That's me"."Oh you're American! Cool. Well I'm George and this is my twin brother Fred. He's dead."I looked at the other twin. He looked solid enough, so I did what any curious 11 year old would do.I poked him.The cold made me gasp. It was like sticking your finger in dry ice! (Yes I've done that don't judge my life choices).But he was solid and obviously visable, if the way a girl behind him was giving him doe eyes was any indication."So... You're dead." I said.They were both smirking at me. I decided I liked them.
