AN: Hey guy,s here is the first chapter of part three. I don't own Harry Potter. I hope you enjoy please leave me a review and read on! Gracie."Harleigh! Harleigh wait up," Rkyer yelled trying to get Harleigh's attention before she loaded the Hogwarts express for the summer."Ryker," Harleigh sighed as Ryker and his sister caught up to her, Harry, Luna, Neville and a recently revived Hermione."Please talk to me," Rkyer plead.Harleigh hadn't said a word to Ryker since the day she saw Draco kissing the girl she ater found out was Thalia Radcliffe and pureblood Slytherin in their year."Ryker, I can't I won't do this to you. I'm sorry I don't think we should be together," Harleigh said as she turned to climb onto the Hogwarts Express wiping a tear from her eye."I'm going to go talk to her," Hermione said as she went after her friend."Me too," Luna said as she followed Hermione.888Harleigh heard knocking on her compartment door, "Come in," She said expecting to be Hermione or Luna. She would even expect Willow before she would expect"Draco," Harleigh said as she noticed the blond at the door, "You need to leave."Harleigh almost pushed him out the door."Harleigh please I need your help," Draco said causing Harleigh to stop in her tracks, "I know about Nashford Place.""So what are you going to rat me out for living alone away from the monster that is my mother Draco! I pretty sure people have figured it out that I don't live at home!""I won't rat on you," Draco said."Are you going to blackmail me into helping you so you won't go running to 'Daddy,'" Harleigh said using air quotes around 'Daddy'."No, Harleigh I need you help to get away from my Father," Draco said trying not to keep eye contact with the shorter girl."Bloody hell, Draco 'Daddy's Boy' Malfoy has finally seen that his father is a piece of shit," Harleigh said with a laugh."He hit my mother," Draco said.The smile left Harleigh's face, "Oh," She said as she sat back in the compartment, "What can I do?""I need you to go home with," Draco said."Okay," Harleigh gulped knowing she had to go home with her mother, "What else?""Harleigh you don't have to do it if you don't want to," Draco said still standing."What else Draco!?" Harleigh hissed.Draco sat across from Harleigh and explained his plan to get his mother away from his father."Harleigh," Hermione said as she found Harleigh and Draco alone in the compartment, "There you are I was looking all over for you." She leaned back into the hallway and yelled, "Found her Luna!"'I better get going," Draco said as he left the compartment."What was that about?" Hermione asked as her and Luna sat down."Luna I would like to invite you and your Father to Nashford Manor for this summer," Harleigh said."I would have to asked Father if he is free, but I can go," Luna said dazedly."Awesome, the only thing is I won't be there for at least 2 weeks," Harleigh said looking at her hands."What?! Harleigh you can't go back there, not after last time," Hermione exclaimed."You don't understand, I have to Hermione," Harleigh said."I don't understand, Harleigh you had a broken nose, broken arm and six broken ribs! ... Wait it's for him isn't it? You're going back for Draco," Hermione yelled."His mother is being abused," Harleigh whispered, "I just have to go there long enough to get Draco and his mom to Nashford.""Harleigh," Hermione said."You can't stop me Hermione!" Harleigh said."I won't, just be careful," Hermione said.Both Luna and Hermione saw something in their friend that they haven't seen before Harleigh had the passion to save Draco and Mrs. Malfoy from the abusive man that is Lucius Malfoy. She had the passion to help Draco, no matter what he did to Harleigh in the past.Hermione knew there was nothing she could do to stop her friend from putting herself in danger.Not too long after Harry and Neville found the girls and join the conversation. Harry asked why Harleigh had to return to her abusive home."Why do you have to go back there Harleigh, they hurt you?" Harry asked."There is something I have to do," Harleigh said.Harry looked around for support but got none from Hermione.Soon Willow walked past their compartment.Harleigh stood up and walked into the hallway."Will, in here," Harleigh yelled after the younger girl."You want me to sit with you?" Willow asked as she walked back toward the compartment Harleigh was in front of."Of course, why wouldn't we," Harleigh asked with a smile."Because of the," Willow was cut off."The past is in the past and as long as you aren't doing anything evil now then your fine," Harleigh said and Willow let out the breathe she didn't know she was holding, "Besides I'm pretty sure Harry wants to get to know his sister.""Wait that wasn't a dream," Willow asked confused."Nope, now get in there and smile a bit," Harleigh said smiling.The two girls returned to the cramped compartment."Well this is cramped," Harleigh said and with a flick of her wrist and a few choice words the compartment expanded to hold at least 15 people comfortably."Wow you never stop amazing me," Harleigh heard from behind her."Ryker, I'm sorry," Harleigh said."No I'm sorry I pushed you too much," Ryker apologized, "Can we all be friends?" Ryker asked everyone.Everyone including Harleigh either said yes, okay or just nodded their heads. Harleigh moved out of the way and Ryker followed by Sophia entered the enlarge compartment.Soon the Hogwarts Express pulled into Kings Cross."Before we go, I would like to invite you two to Nashford Manor for a month of summer," Harleigh said, "Here," She handed Sophia and Ryker a golden galleon, "These are portkeys just say hocus pocus while holding them to get to Nashford, if you are allowed that is.""We'll see, bye guys," Ryker said as everyone waved off the twins.Then Harleigh turned to Luna and Neville and gave them each one, "You two too. Harry Hermione do you still have yours?"The two nodded."Good because they still work, bye, see you soon," Harleigh said when Harry, Hermion, Neville and Luna left together. Then she turned to Willow, "As for you my dear young friend""I'm two weeks older then you," Willow said."I'm still a school year past you," Harleigh laughed sticking her tongue out at willow, "As I was saying, as for you my young friend, I don't know what your home life is like but I would also like you to join us," Harleigh placed a galleon in her hand, "Just make sure you don't accidently spend it somewhere.""I can't I'm sorry," Willow said and Harleigh frowned."Why not?" Harleigh asked."The orphanage won't let me," Willow said."Hmm, give me three weeks and you'll be at Nashford," Harleigh smirked as she and Willow left the train.AN: Here is the first chapter I hoped you enjoyed. Please tell me what you think, Thx- Gracie Marie James.
