A/N: Warning, this is a very dark short story that earns its M rating. If you can't read about (implied) non-consensual sex: stop reading now!For the QLFC we're writing about Horcruxes this round, and while I didn't get the Locket, I was thinking about it. Somehow this was the result.Sirius' ConquestChapter One: Mistaken IdentityNowRose Harriet Potter, 'Harri' to friends, was a fourteen year old girl with long, shining black hair, enchanting green eyes, and a pleasing figure, even if she was a little short for her age. The only feature that ruined the image was a jagged lightning-bolt scar on her forehead.Those that knew her well knew she was not really a happy girl, but even they would be shocked to see her now. For Harri was lying naked on a bed, curled up in a ball with her arms wrapped around her legs, and a strong arm possessively holding her close to a snoring male body. Not to mention the bloody mess between her legs that was now ruining the sheets.To know how she ended up like that you'd have to know more about her life thus far.Harri did not grow up a happy girl. Her earliest memories had long been lying on a cot in a cupboard under stairs shivering from a nightmare, only to be woken up by her aunt literally dragging her out and forcing her to make breakfast for the Dursley family.She must have been around five years old at that point.Her life changed when in the week prior to her eleventh birthday, a letter from Hogwarts was delivered by owl. Petunia and Vernon Dursley panicked, and they took Harri and Ursula  Harri's cousin, a fat and spoilt mean girl  away on a wild trip that eventually brought them to a lighthouse on a small island. Finally the letter senders caught up with them, and the gentle giant who introduced himself as Hagrid revealed that Harri was a witch.She went to Hogwarts, and made friends, a first for her. Ursula had always made sure nobody talked to her 'freak cousin', so bossy Hermione and shy Neville were her first friends. They had come together on the Hogwarts Express: Harri had to make her own way to the train station and was running a little late, and literally bumped into a bushy haired brunette about her own age. This turned out to be Hermione and the two girls decided to share a compartment on the train. Along the ride, Neville joined them after Harri and Hermione looked for his toad with him.She met other people during the train ride as well. Draco Malfoy, a posh and abrasive young Pureblood, who introduced himself by badmouthing Hermione for being from a new family and Neville for supposedly being a squib  a wizard without magic  and then had the gall to suggest Harri would do well to become one of his girlfriends. Needless to say, the girls and Neville had shown the blond ponce the door.A Ron Weasley proved to be no better. He showed up with a lie, claiming all the compartments were full (the girls knew better, from the toad hunt), and then demanding to see Harri's scar. When she objected, he had become as nasty as Malfoy and they had sent him off.At school, she was sorted in Gryffindor, the House of the Brave, with her new friends. And the school year was hectic: she was forced to join the Quidditch team, had bad encounters with the nasty Professor Snape, and at the end of the year somehow ended up in a forbidden corridor filled with traps that had the Dark Lord Voldemort at the end  the same Dark Lord that had murdered her parents.Second year was little better, with the annoying Ron's younger sister unwittingly releasing a Basilisk on the school. All while Harri had to deal with a pedophile teacher  Lockhart  who constantly tried to get her alone with him, and at the end of that year she somehow ended up getting her teacher hospitalized, and having to fight not just the Basilisk, but also a shade of a younger version of the Dark Lord again. She nearly died in the progress.Third year should have been better as there were no murderous teachers or Basilisks. And their new Defence teacher, one Remus Lupin, was friendly to Harri and helped her with some advanced spells. Unfortunately a high security prisoner, Sirius Black, had escaped from the Azkaban prison and was rumoured to be after her.And the Ministry had decided to place soul-sucking demons at the school to 'protect' them all demons called Dementors, who were more interested in going after Harri than in supposedly hunting for a prisoner.They had another effect on her besides causing fear. She could now clearly recall the memory of the night the Dark Lord had come after her parents, and hearing his cruel voice as he murdered her mother in front of her, before casting the Killing Curse at the helpless girl herself.Harri was not looking forward to the end of her school year, but it turned out better than expected. And that's when her life changed once again."Rose, dear girl, you wouldn't let him get me, would you?" the fat man that had been Ron Weasley's rat pleaded. Sirius Black and Remus Lupin held him at wand point, and looked murderous."It's Harri," Harri spit back at him. "And no, I won't.""Harri, but it's Peter! Wormtail! The traitor!" Sirius protested. "Come on, let me kill him avenge your parents!""Sirius, think for a moment!" Harri interrupted him. "If you kill him, how can we clear your name? You are my godfather, right? So, can I come live with you?""Clear my name wait what live with me?" Sirius looked at her with a strange expression. "You you want to come live with me?""Yes, of course!" Harri exclaimed. "I hate living with the Dursleys, please, don't you want me?""Merlin, poppet, of course I want you," Sirius beamed at her. "So err how do we go about clearing my name?""Stun him so he can't turn back into a rat, then we're going straight to Professor McGonagall's office," Hermione suggested. "She can call the Aurors and have him arrested.""I knew there was a reason I hung around with the smartest witch of her age," Harri beamed at her friend.And so it went. Harri and Hermione went out first, followed by Sirius who had the stunned Peter Pettigrew floating in front of him. Professor Lupin levitated the injured Ron Weasley  the prat was still knocked out, fortunately. They all 'forgot' that Professor Snape was still lying stunned in the Shrieking Shack, and nobody could prove that Harri didn't 'accidentally' drive her heel into his crotch as he lay on the floor unconscious.Professor McGonagall called the Aurors, and Sirius and Peter were taken away and in custody before Headmaster Dumbledore even knew what had happened.Two weeks later, just in time for the end of school, Sirius and Peter had their trials. Sirius was cleared completely and received a hefty compensation, while Peter was sent to Azkaban, in a special animagus-proof cell. And Sirius got custody of Harri, despite Dumbledore's protests.And she moved in with him, in his London home at Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place.Yesterday NightHarri was reading a book in the Black library. She was alone, with Sirius' House Elf Kreacher the only other living being in the house. Harri wasn't sure exactly what she had been expecting from the summer so far, but she hadn't counted on Sirius basically leaving her alone for most of the day while he was out trying to pick his life back up. If she was quite honest with herself, she had been hoping for a parent figure, not a 'fun uncle', as Sirius wished to view himself.Every night he seemed to be out partying, occasionally bringing a floozy home to his bed, and Harri had lost count of the number of strange  young  women she had found in the kitchen in the morning. Still, she was no stranger to taking care of herself, and at least she didn't have the Dursleys to deal with in her new home.A loud banging broke her concentration, and when it continued she reluctantly put down her book. "Kreacher, what is that noise?" she called out.The House Elf appeared from around the corner. "Half-Blood Mistress called Kreacher?" he asked.Harri rolled her eyes. Kreacher had been raised to be a blood purist and made no attempt to hide his distaste of his 'blood traitor' master. Initially he had also been hostile to Harri, until she lost her temper and yelled at him for ten minutes straight. Ever since then the Elf appeared to respect her somewhat, and referred to her as his 'Half-Blood Mistress' rather than 'Blood-traitor's whore',"I was asking if you knew what that noise was, Kreacher," Harri repeated."Nasty Blood-traitor is banging on the door," Kreacher said, a mean smirk appearing on his face."Sirius? Why isn't he using his key?" Harri wondered out loud, then let out a dramatic sigh. "Don't trouble yourself Kreacher, I will let him in," she said.Needless to say opening the door for his master had been the last thing on Kreacher's mind, but Harri had no desire to expend energy in ordering Kreacher to do so, as she knew he would take his resentment out on her.Having leeches placed in her knickers drawer once was enough, thank you.Harri went down to the ground floor and opened the door. Instantly she had to take a step back from the heavy smell of alcohol, as Sirius stumbled inside."Merlin, Sirius, what have you been doing?" Harri mumbled. She was forced to catch him as he almost fell, and somehow managed to manoeuvre him into the drawing room and on a chair."No slut today? Don't tell me, you struck out?" she asked rhetorically. She wasn't usually mean, but even she had to admit she was getting a little tired of his antics."Struck out? Never a Black always wins," Sirius said in a slurred tone. "Merlin, my head is killing me where am I?"Harri rolled her eyes. "You're home, Sirius. And bloody wasted. Do you need something now, or can I go to bed?" she was a little tired, it was after midnight after all."Bed? Bed is good," Sirius slurred. "You go ahead I just need a little break," he added.Harri shot him an exasperated look and went to the stairwell. She went up to the second floor where she had claimed one of the bedrooms as hers, and went inside. Harri took off her jumper and shirt, placing them on a chair. Then she stripped off her pants, and then her bra and knickers. The Black House got hot during the summer, she had learned, so she only slept in a nightgown. Pulling said nightgown over her head, she walked to her bed, and climbed under the covers. Soon after she fell asleep, paying Sirius no more mind. Her 'uncle' would manage, she knew.Sirius still sat in the drawing room, his head pounding. 'How exactly did I end back up here?' he wondered, the events of earlier when his goddaughter had helped him inside lost. Absentmindedly he fingered the locket he was carrying he had found it in the trophy room before he left for the clubs that evening. The locket felt comforting somehow, and thought it made him look classy. Sadly the birds didn't seem to agree. He had bought himself  and a number of birds  a lot of drinks, and had also taken a few pills that were going about of some Muggle drug, but sadly all the girls he had tried to hook up with had rejected him, so eventually he had gone home deflated."Well, looks like I have a date with Mrs Palmer," Sirius said out loud, sounding bitter.'You're thinking of wanking off? But what about your date?' a thought came to him."Date?" Sirius wondered out loud. "I thought I they weren't interested?"'She's already in bed, waiting for you you don't want to disappoint her, do you?'"Disappoint? No woman ever regrets a night with the great Sirius Black!" Sirius declared loudly. Then he groaned, his head was killing him."Kreacher!" he yelled out.The Elf walked in the room, and Sirius wasted no time: "Bring me a Head-ache Potion!" he ordered.Kreacher scowled, but complied. He walked out, and came back with a steaming cup. Sirius downed it, and instantly he felt better. He was still wasted, but his head no longer felt as if the Quidditch World Cup afterparty was being held there."Ah, that's better," Sirius said to him self.'Don't forget your date,' the voice in his head reminded him.Sirius plastered a wide smile on his face, and went upstairs to hunt for his woman."Morgana's tits, where is that bint?" he muttered to himself. He had started on the top floor where his bedroom was, but both his own and his late brother's room were empty. It was the same with the guest bedrooms on the third floor, and the Master Bedroom on the second floor.Sirius opened the door to one of the guest bedrooms and instantly saw the bed was occupied. To further make it clear he had the right room, he heard the soft drone of a sleeping person.'Crap, she fell asleep already. Mrs Palmer it is,' he thought.'Don't be a fool she came home with you, and you owe her a good time,' the other voice protested. 'Don't let her down she'll be happy to be woken up by her skilled lover.''That's right, I owe it to her,' Sirius mentally agreed. He went inside the room, and gently lifted the cover of the sleeping form. Revealed before him were shapely female legs, rising up to a tight little bum seemingly only covered by a thin night gown he followed the form up to a small, but appetizing bosom, and since she was lying on her side facing him, he could see her slightly parted inviting lips, her cute button-like nose, and her closed eyes black, smooth hair framing everythingSirius froze. 'This is wrong,' a part of him brought up as he strained to remember what he knew her from.'Get to it, she's waiting for you,' the voice reminded him. It seemed to be louder than the complaining part, and the thought of a fun rump with the sleeping young woman was causing parts of Sirius' anatomy to wake up.Gently he reached for the nightgown and moved it up, revealing the girls's white inner thighs. He reached out and softly stroked it, and the girl let out a moan in her sleep.'See? She wants you give her what she is begging for,' the voice suggested.And Sirius gave in.Harri woke up suddenly. She had been having a rather erotic dream starring her former Quidditch captain Oliver Wood and her, but now she clearly felt the bed shift below her as someone lowered themselves next to her."Huh? What?" she tried to clear her sleepy mind, but too late: she clearly felt two strong hands take her gown by the shoulders, and with a single tear it was ripped off her body.Harri's consciousness returned as she realised that the person  man - in her bed had now gotten her naked, and she made to scream but it was too late, he moved over her and stole her breath by planting his lips over her. She nearly gagged from the strong taste of alcohol, and while she was fighting that sensation as well as the shock, he managed to spread her legs.Harri's mind was racing a mile a minute as she began to feebly fight off her attacker, and she felt mortified when his hand reached between her legs.The erotic dream she had been having meant that she was wetHarri whimpered as a foreign finger invaded her core, and another, and another. The assailant still had his lips pressed over hers, and the booze fumes were having an effect on her. Finally he released her lips and she inhaled to screambut even though she felt the air stream out her lungs, she made no sound."Hush baby I cast a silencing spell so we won't wake Harri," Sirius' slurred voice said. Harri yelled silently at him to stop, that she was Harri, now that she thought she realised what was going on but it proved feeble. Something hot and massive prodded against her core, and despite her attempts to fight back, the massive spear ripped her hymen open and all was lost.NowThe entity in the locket would smile, if it could. Originally a simple locket made by Salazar Slytherin for his family, his distant heir Tom Riddle had perverted it, and placed a part of his own self in it. And that part took immense pleasure out of the pain of the girl whimpering on the bed it could hardly wait for its unwitting host to wake up and realise what he had done.
