Disclaimer: Harry Potter is NOT MINE! It all belongs to JK Rowling, and any one she has deemed worthy of owning a piece of this masterpiece. I am NOT one of those lucky few. General comments: This story starts in the middle of the Department of Mysteries battle, so canon up until that point then we take a sharp right turn. No bashing, I'm going to really try and delve deeper into the characters, so no real pairings, or at least not for a while. EnjoyHarry ducked just in time as a blood red spell whizzed overhead, its beam ruffling his hair. He looked to his right and saw Neville, Ginny and Luna sending their own spells back at the Death Eaters. They looked just as scratched and cut up as Harry knew he must look like."Where are Ron and Hermione?" Harry shouted. "Reducto!""No clue," Neville shouted back before sending his own spell at the Death Eaters that were creeping slowly through the offices that Harry, Neville, Luna and Ginny found themselves holed up in."We lost them in that room with the Time Turners," Ginny answered, ducking behind a heavy wooden desk."Brilliant," Harry growled. "We need to get out of here and find them. If we can get back to the lifts and the Atrium, we can get out of here. Blasting Curses on three, alright?" The other three nodded and readied themselves. "Three, two, one, Reducto!"The four spells raced through the office. Harry grimly smiled when he heard several cries of pain coming from the front of the office."Let's go!" Harry hissed. He and the other three students raced forward in their spells' wake."Petrificus Totalus!" Harry snapped, binding two Death Eaters as he and the others rushed past and out of the crowded office."Harry!"Harry turned to see Ron and Hermione come running out of another black wooden door opposite the offices that he and the others had evacuated. Both Hermione and Ron looked like hell; Harry winced at seeing the gash weeping blood above Ron's left eye and the scraps that littered Hermione's cheeks, and their clothes were torn and burnt in several places."Are you two alright?" he asked after hugging Hermione and clapping Ron on the shoulder."We're alright," Ron said, swiping some blood from his eyes. "We trapped a couple of the Death Eaters in a room back there but we don't know how long it will hold them.""Ron was brilliant," Hermione gushed. "He managed to trap them in a time loop. We levitated some of the Time Turners and dropped them on the Death Eaters." Ron's ears turned red as he ducked in embarrassment from Hermione's praise."If you two want to snog, save it until we are not about to die," Ginny snapped, causing both Ron and Hermione to glance at one another and then look quickly away, their faces flaming."But how do we get out of here?" Neville asked."We ask for help of course," Luna said with a serene smile."But to who?" Hermione asked, somewhat sharply. "In case you haven't noticed, there's no one here except for the Death Eaters."Luna ignored Hermione's snappish comment and turned to the unmarked doors. "Which is the way out?" she asked.Hermione's huff of frustration was cut off mid-stream when the doors groaned and began to spin rapidly. Harry closed his eyes to keep from being hypnotized by the blue flame candles swirling around the group. A low rumbling groan caused Harry to open his eyes. The doors slowly came to a stop and the third door from the right opened."Come on then," Luna said brightly as she walked through the open door. Harry exchanged a look with the others before following Luna through the now open door.They entered a large, dimly lit chamber. Harry instantly noticed that the chamber was very similar to the trial room that Harry had become familiar with during his trial over the summer. In the middle of the room was a massive stone archway that sat upon a stone pedestal. A tattered and ripped curtain covered the arch and fluttered slightly even though there was no breeze in the room. Muted whispers filled Harry's ears as he stared at the archway."Harry, what are you doing?" Harry barely heard Hermione's voice, it seemed to be coming from the end of a long tunnel. Blinking, Harry paused just before his fingers touched the tattered curtain."You hear them too, don't you Harry?" Luna whispered from Harry's side."Hear whom?" he asked."The voices behind the Veil," Luna said."Harry, Luna, we need to move," Hermione pleaded. "The Death Eaters are""Here," a high-pitched cackle came from behind the group. The teens spun around to see Bellatrix Lestrange and the other Death Eaters entering the chamber."You've led us on a merry little chase Potter but you've reached the end of your rope," Lucius Malfoy sneered as he stood next to Bellatrix. "Now hand over the prophecy or we start playing with your little friends."Harry glanced down at the blue orb, clutched in his left hand. He then looked at his friends, judging their expressions. It was his fault that they were in this position; if he had just listened to Hermione about this being a trap then none of them would be in danger.Looking back up at Malfoy and the Death Eaters, Harry took a deep breath. "What guarantee do I have that you'll let us go if I give you this thing?" he asked."Very clever Potter," Malfoy said, his eyes gleaming with a mix of amusement, admiration and malice. "Let's make a deal then, you give us the prophecy and we shall let you leave.""Harry don't," Hermione hissed. "You can't give them this thing.""Why not?" Harry argued. "Is this thing worth our lives?"Hermione opened her mouth to keep arguing but then shut it when she realized that Harry was right."Well Potter, do we have a deal?" Lucius asked, sneering down at the Hogwarts students."You still haven't given your word that you or any of the other Death Eaters will let us leave if I give you this?" Harry asked."Fine Potter, let us make an Unbreakable Vow then," Malfoy snarled."What's an Unbreakable Vow?" Harry asked.Several of the Death Eaters laughed darkly and derisively."Harry, an Unbreakable Vow is a magical promise where if one breaks the promise that person dies," Hermione whispered."Ok," Harry said. "If you give me an Unforgivable Vow, promising that you will let us leave, I'll give you this prophecy thing. Do we have a deal?""Indeed we do," Malfoy agreed. "Now we will need a Binder, and as you children don't know this type of magic, Bellatrix will be our Binder."Suddenly another door to the chamber burst open and several members of the Order came storming into the chamber."Harry move!" Harry heard Ron shout from behind him. Harry dove off the dais, just as a Stunning Spell screamed through the space that Harry had been occupying."Potter!" Malfoy snarled as he came rushing down the chamber toward Harry.Harry scrambled to his feet and blocked another Stunner that Malfoy sent toward him. Harry retaliated with his own Stunner that was casually blocked by the blonde Death Eater."Come now boy, surely you can do better," Lucius sneered as he continued to advance toward Harry. "I am amazed that the Dark Lord even considers you a threat."Harry felt his anger grow at Malfoy's taunting. "Reducto! Bombarda! Diffindo!" he shouted in quick succession.Lucius' eyes widened at the change in Harry's spells. The blonde Death Eater sent his own more powerful spells to counter Harry's spells. Harry ducked under another spell before firing another Blasting Hex at Malfoy's feet."Argh!" Malfoy shouted as he raised his arms to shield his face from the stone fragments that had flown up due to Harry's spell."Stupefy!" Harry cried. Malfoy crashed to the stone floor, unconscious."Well done Harry," Sirius crowed as he battled his cousin, Bellatrix.A high-pitched scream made Harry's blood run cold. Turning around, Harry's breath caught in his chest when he saw Ron standing in front of Hermione. The bushy haired teenager was clutching at her right leg, which due to the unnatural angle was obviously broken. Ron was exchanging spells with two Death Eaters who Harry recognized as the Lestrange brothers."Ron! Hermione!" Harry cried as he sped toward his two best friends. "Bombarda!" Harry roared. A large beam of blue magic shot from Harry's wand and screamed through the air toward the Lestrange brothers. The two Death Eaters turned to see the spell speeding toward them."Reducto!" Ron shouted as the Lestrange brothers turned to shield from Harry's spell."Ah!" Rabastan screamed as the Blasting Hex impacted the back of his right leg. Rodolphus turned at his brother's scream of pain, at the worst possible moment as Harry's own spell blew through his shield. Luckily for the Death Eater, Harry's spell was misaligned and slammed into the wooden benches that surrounded the room. The shards did manage to shreds apart Rodolphus' back, the Death Eater fell into unconsciousness before he could utter a single sound."Thanks Harry," Ron panted as Harry reached the pair."Hermione, do you know any healing spells?" Harry asked."No," she whimpered, still clutching her leg."Harry," a familiar voice said from behind the trio. It was Lupin."Professor Lupin," Harry and Ron gasped."You three need to get out of here," Lupin said. "Tonks has already rounded up Neville, Ginny and Luna.""Hermione's hurt, she can't move," Ron said, pointing at Hermione's leg."Ferula!" Lupin muttered. "It's not Madam Pomfrey but it will have to do. You should be able to put some weight on it now," he added as bandages wrapped tightly around Hermione's leg."Thank you Professor," Hermione said, her voice still tight with pain."Come on," Harry said. "Ron, take her other arm," he ordered, slinging one of Hermione's arms over her shoulder. Ron did the same with Hermione's other arm. Together the trio stumbled and staggered their way toward an open doorway."Where do you think you are going Potter?" a cackling voice laughed from above them. Harry looked up to see Bellatrix standing in their path. Her robes were torn and she had blood dripping from a wound hidden by her hair. However, her eyes were gleaming with madness and excitement.Harry slipped Hermione's arm from his shoulders. "Ron, take Hermione and get out of here," he said, gripping his wand so tightly that his knuckles were turning white."Harry," Ron began to protest but he was cut off by a raised hand from Harry."Don't argue Ron," Harry said. "Just do it."Ron didn't look like he wanted to stop protesting but Hermione whimpered again in pain and made up his mind. "Kick her ass Harry," Ron said as he slowly helped Hermione away from Harry and Bellatrix."Quite noble of you baby Potter," Bellatrix giggled. "But it won't save you, I'll just take that prophecy, then play with your little friends and bring you to my Lord and have you watch as the lights leave their eyes before my Lord kills you."Harry could feel his heart hammering against his ribcage. Fear flooded his veins; his instincts were telling him that this woman was as dangerous as Voldemort, if not more so. She was eyeing him like a piece of meat and her talk of wanting to play did not sit well with Harry."Reducto!" Harry shouted.Bellatrix giggled madly as she easily blocked the curse aside. "So little bitty Potter wants to play?" she asked, a maniac smile stretching her face. She sent her own spell at Harry who leaned out of the way and returned fire.Harry spent the next few minutes frantically dodging spellfire from the deranged witch who was obviously playing with him. She was only using fifth year spells yet Harry couldn't find any opening to fire a spell back at her. Sweat was pouring down Harry's face as he weakly dodged out of the way of another Blasting Hex."Oh come now baby Potter," Bellatrix chided in her babyish voice. "Surely you can do better than this. Perhaps you need some motivation to fight back."Harry felt a chill race down his spine at Bellatrix's cruel smile."Avada Kedavra!" she screamed.Harry's eyes widened as he watched the green curse soar across the chamber."Ron! Hermione!" Harry screamed.Ron and Hermione turned at Harry's scream. Harry watched, frozen in horror, as the curse that tore his parents and Cedric from his life, speed toward his two best friends."No!" Harry cried, still frozen, as Ron shoved Hermione aside just as the curse slammed into his back. The youngest son of Arthur and Molly Weasley slumped to the floor, limp and unmoving."Ron!" Hermione screamed.Harry felt his heart stop and all air leave his body at the sight of Ron's body lying motionless next to Hermione. All sound in the chamber seemed to vanish aside from the maniacally laughter of Bellatrix Lestrange. Harry slowly turned away from the sight of Hermione crawling to Ron's limp body and toward a still laughing Bellatrix.A red veil descended over Harry as his heart restarted, thundering and hammering against his ribcage as if it were about to punch through his chest and strangle Bellatrix itself."Oh little bitty baby Potter," Bellatrix taunted. "Your poor little blood traitor friend is dead, and its all your fault Potter. You brought them along and now little Ronnie is dead!"Bellatrix's words slammed into Harry like some of Dudley's punches. He could barely keep a grip on his wand; his hand was shaking so much. Red, green and blue sparks were shooting from his wand as his magic roiled wildly inside him. Tears began streaming down Harry's face as he looked up at the dancing witch, his eyes glowing. Harry's wand came up and a thin beam of red magic shot from its tip.Bellatrix stopped laughing immediately and sidestepped the curse. "So baby Harry know how to play," she said. "Well then, let's play. Crucio!"Harry ducked under the Unforgivable and began making his way up toward Bellatrix. Harry's face was twisted into such an expression of anger that even Bellatrix had to take notice."Baby Potter, why don't we take this somewhere more private?" Bellatrix asked. "Are you going to avenge the blood traitor? Are you going to kill me to avenge the worthless Weasley?""Yes," Harry snarled, his voice so cold that Bellatrix felt as if she was surrounded by Dementors on Azkaban again."Well then come get me!" Bellatrix laughed as she turned on her heel and raced from the chamber."Harry! Don't go!" Sirius shouted but Harry ignored his godfather's call and tore after the escaped Death Eaters.The lift clanged to a stop. "Ministry Atrium," the cool female voice announced. Harry wrenched open the grate and ran down the Atrium after Bellatrix. Harry could hear the blood pounding in his ears, the only sounds that Harry could hear was his blood, his harsh panting and the sharp clacking of his and Bellatrix's footsteps echoing off the gleaming black stones.Harry spotted the fleeing Death Eater, almost at the Floo portal. A great swell of rage rose up inside Harry. He had never felt such rage or anger in his life."Crucio!" Harry bellowed. A bolt of angry red magic shot from Harry's wand. Bellatrix turned at Harry's shout, right into the path of the spell.Bellatrix dropped to the floor, screaming as lightning hot pain coursed through her veins. But as soon as the pain started it stopped. Bellatrix gingerly rolled over to face Harry, who came to a stop just feet from her. She looked up at Harry who was panting heavily but his wand was held steady on her. Bellatrix bit back a moan as a tremor through her body from the Cruciatus Curse."Is that the first time you cast an Unforgivable Harry?" she whispered. "You need to mean them, you have to want to cause pain. Don't you want to get revenge for your blood traitor friend? Don't you want to cause me pain, I killed him?""Yes you did," Harry's voice was raspy and harsh with pain. "You killed Ron, you killed him and I am going to make you pay.""Yes Harry, she killed him," a cold voice whispered. "She must pay, come on Harry, you know the spell."Bellatrix's face morphed from a childish pout to a gleeful smile as a wisp of black smoke circled behind Harry. Lord Voldemort had arrived.Harry slowly turned to see Voldemort sneering at him."Pathetic," the Dark Lord hissed. "You are so weak. She killed your best friend and yet you do nothing. Perhaps you didn't care for the blood traitor. Is that it Potter, you never did care for Weasley, after all he was just the sidekick, the cannon fodder, wasn't he?""No!" Harry roared. "He wasn't, he was my best friend and she killed him!""Oh no Harry, you killed Ronald Weasley," Voldemort cackled. "After all, wasn't it your idea to come here tonight? You, who can't tell the difference between dreams and reality, killed him."Harry's face crumpled at Voldemort's taunt at Ron's death."Well Potter, as I told you last year, I am merciful Lord," Voldemort said. "I shall grant you a boon; I shall reunite you with your beloved parents and your blood traitor friend. All you must do is give me that orb in your pocket."Harry slowly reached into his pocket and withdrew the smoky blue orb."Yes Potter, all you need to do is give me that orb and you will be able to see your parents and friend."Harry starred down at the orb clutched in his hand, watching the smoke encased swirl around inside the fragile looking thing."What is so important about this thing? Why do you want it so much?" Harry asked."He never told you, did he?" Voldemort said. "You and I are bound by prophecy Harry. That prophecy you hold is the reason you and I are locked in eternal conflict.""If you know the prophecy, why do you want it?""I only know the first half of the prophecy," Voldemort answered. "I must know the entirety of the prophecy. Now give it to me Potter, and I shall grant you your dearest wish."Harry looked up into the blood red eyes of his enemy. "I do want to see my parents" Harry faltered, his voice breaking over Ron's name, "but they would never want me to help you. I've never heard about this prophecy and I can wait a little while longer." Harry raised the orb above his head and hurled it at the floor."No!" Voldemort roared as the orb shattered on the gleaming floor. The smoke billowed out of the shattered orb, Harry thought he saw the figure of Professor Trelawney for a spilt second before the smoke dispersed and vanished. "You should not have done that Potter," Voldemort snarled. "Now you will pay, Avada Kedavra!"Harry's vision narrowed down to the tip of Voldemort's wand as the green glow formed the dreaded Killing Curse. Harry closed his eyes as he watched to be reunited with his mother, father and Ron. But nothing happened, Harry opened his eyes to find a gleaming gold centaur standing in front of him."What? Dumbledore!" Voldemort snarled as he turned to see the Headmaster of Hogwarts strolling through the Atrium as if he was just waling around the Black Lake at Hogwarts."You shouldn't have come here Tom," Dumbledore said. "The Aurors are on their way.""And by the time they arrive, I shall be gone and you dead," Voldemort hissed. The Dark Lord slashed his wand at Dumbledore, releasing another Killing Curse.The golden goblin dashed from its place in the statue and leapt in front of the curse. The dreaded Unforgivable deflected off the goblin's shining chest and blew apart one of the Floo fireplaces that lined the Atrium. The centaur statue forced Harry backward, away from the two powerful wizards trading spells. Harry had to close his eyes from the heat and debris coming from the duel. However closing his eyes was not a good idea for Harry.Instantly, images of Ron's limp body raced through his mind's eye. Ron's body begin cradled by a distraught Hermione, seeing Ron being struck by a giant chess piece, Ron's leg being grabbed by the Grim in third year."No," he moaned, shaking his head at the images assaulting him. "I'm sorry Ron, I'm so sorry, it's all my fault. It's all my fault.""Yes Potter, it's all your fault," a cold voice hissed. Harry's eyes flew open but instead of brilliant green, they were a milky white now. "You killed him, it was your idea to come here and your best friend died."Images of Hermione, Ginny, the twins and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley appeared before Harry. They were all looking down at him with stony glares. In one terrifying voice, they said, "You killed Ron Harry! How could you! He was your best friend and you killed him." One by one the figures continued their accusations as they slowly faded away."You are all alone now Harry," Voldemort said. "They will all leave you, alone and friendless. They know that you are dangerous, and they don't want to die because of you. Your parents were killed because of you, you are the reason they are dead."Two figures appeared before Harry. He gasped when the figures revealed themselves to be James and Lily Potter."No," Harry moaned, trying to close his eyes but some force kept them open."Yes," Voldemort whispered in glee. "Look upon your first victims Harry Potter. They died because of you.""That's not true," Harry groaned. "They died to protect me, you killed me.""Come now Harry, you don't believe that, do you?" Voldemort taunted. "If you hadn't been born, then I wouldn't have attacked them. I might have cast the spells but you are the reason they died.""No!" Harry shouted. "I know that they loved me!" A pulse of light surrounded Harry. "They loved me so much that they gave their lives to protect me. It was my mum's love that protected me from you that night, it was my mum's love that cast you out from Quirrell and nothing you can say that will make me think otherwise. Now get the bloody hell out!" he roared, feeling a rush of warmth and security filling Harry's body much like a mother's hug. Dimly Harry heard Voldemort scream, as if at the end of a long tunnel.Harry slowly opened his eyes, relishing the feel of the cold stone against his cheek and throbbing head, panting heavily. "Professor Dumbledore?" he asked, the face of the Headmaster swimming into focus. "Where am I?""Harry my boy, you are in the Ministry's Atrium," Dumbledore answered.Memories came flooding back to Harry; images of flying over London, descending down to the Department of Mysteries, the ambush in the hall of orbs, racing through the Department of Mysteries away from the Death Eaters, the arch Chamber, Ron dropping to the floor, his body framed for a spilt second by a green glow."It wasn't a dream, was it?" Harry asked softly. Dumbledore shook his head slowly. Harry's brain froze up, and he clutched his chest.The sound of whooshing roared through the Atrium bringing Dumbledore's attention away from Harry. Several Floos flashed green, signaling the arrival of several witches and wizards, including Cornelius Fudge."Remember Potter, you killed him," Voldemort shouted before Disapparating in a swirl of black smoke."He's back!" Fudge whispered."Harry, Harry," Dumbledore whispered urgently. Harry numbly turned to face his Headmaster. The old man sucked in a breath at the lifeless look in Harry's normally vibrant eyes. "Harry, I am going to send you back to Hogwarts, I will be with you shortly. Portus!"The centaur's head glowed blue for a moment. Dumbledore then placed the head in Harry's hand and in a swirl of blue light Harry was gone."Now see here Dumbledore, you can't just be creating Portkeys all willy-nilly like that," Fudge blustered."Cornelius, I do not have the time nor patience to deal with your nonsense right now," Dumbledore said. "As you have just seen, Mr. Potter and I have been correct all year about Lord Voldemort's return. All this year, you have refused to see the signs, and instead of preparing and taking steps to insure that our world was not easy pickings for the Dark Lord, you have been ignoring it in light of attacking mine and Mr. Potter's reputation.""Butbut" Fudge stammered, slowly turning red from all the stares coming from the other Ministry officials."Perhaps Cornelius, you should let me handle this," a stern voice came from the crowd. A gray-haired witch with a monocle stepped out of the crowd. "Albus.""Amelia," Albus nodded. "There are several Death Eaters trapped in the Death Chamber by an anti-Disapparition Jinx. Also, there is a young man who for justice has been long overdue.""Oh, who?""A former Auror," Dumbledore said. "Sirius Black.""Black!" Fudge shouted. "Aurors, arrest Dumbledore for aiding and abetting a criminal!""Stand down Aurors!" Amelia's voice boomed out through the Atrium. "What do you mean that justice has been overdue for Black?""In my research, I have learned that Sirius Black was never given a trial," Dumbledore said. "Barty Crouch just threw Sirius into Azkaban and the matter was never revisited to my everlasting shame. James and Lily Potter were some of my best friends, and when I heard that their betrayer had been caught and tossed in Azkaban I felt that the matter was finished. In my grief, I did not move to find out the reasons why Sirius would have betrayed James, Lily and Harry especially after Sirius was named Harry's godfather.""It was a chaotic time for us all Albus," Amelia said. "But are you serious Albus? Black never received a trial?""Yes, I have spoken with Sirius, two years ago, and his claims match up with what I have researched and found out since," Dumbledore said."Amelia, you can't believe this tripe!" Fudge shouted. "Black is deranged, a mass-murder, an escaped convict.""How can one be an escaped convict if one wasn't convicted of any crime?" Dumbledore argued. "Sirius has agreed to be placed in custody, under the protection of your most trusted Aurors, Director Bones under the promise that he would receive a fair trial. And remember Sirius Black is the pureblood heir of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black. What would the older families do if it came to light that you gave a pureblood heir of an Noble and Most Ancient House the Dementor's Kiss without a trial?"Fudge's face paled at Dumbledore's question. Amelia gave Dumbledore a thin smile as she called forward Kingsley Shacklebolt and Nymphadora Tonks. Dumbledore's eyes twinkled as the two Aurors received orders from Amelia to take Sirius into custody.In a flash of bluish-white light, Dumbledore reappeared in his office. Immediately, Dumbledore knew that something was wrong. Turning around, Dumbledore's face turned white as his beard at the sight of Harry huddled in the corner of the office, staring into the distance, his eyes quite wide but seemingly sightless."Harry, Harry!" Dumbledore whispered, crouching down in front of Harry. Slowly Harry turned his head at the sound of his name. Sorrow was etched in every line of Dumbledore's aged face. "Can you hear me Harry?"Harry just stared blankly up at Dumbledore."Oh dear," Dumbledore said. He slowly stood up and crossed the office to his desk. Opening a drawer, Dumbledore pulled out a small bottle and walked back to Harry. "Harry my boy, drink this, it will help." He gently tipped Harry's head back and helped him drink the Pepper-Up Potion. Steam billowed from Harry's ears as his face regained a slight semblance of color."Professor?" Harry asked weakly."Yes Harry?""Is Ron actually dead?" Harry asked.Dumbledore seemed to age several decades at Harry's question. "I'm afraid so my boy," he said. "Mr. Weasley is dead."A strangled sob tore from Harry's throat as his eyes screwed shut. Dumbledore laid a hand gently on the sobbing teen's shoulder, and then pulled Harry into a comforting hub as Harry's eyes overflowed with tears."It's ok my boy," Dumbledore said. "Let it out, don't hold anything back."It was nearly a half hour later before Harry's heart wrenching sobs tapered off into stifled sniffles."Are you feeling better Harry?" Dumbledore asked quietly. Harry shook his head."It hurts," he whispered."I know my dear boy I know," Dumbledore said. "The pain will fade in time but it will never truly leave you. Just like how Mr. Weasley will never leave you. Always treasure the moments that you spent with Ronald, he will never leave you if you keep him in your heart.""But I killed him Professor, I killed Ron!" Harry moaned."No Harry!" Dumbledore said sharply. "Never think that. You did not kill Mr. Weasley, Bellatrix Lestrange did.""But it was my idea to go to the Ministry?" Harry argued, his voice thick and watery."Yes but it was Ronald's choice to follow you," Dumbledore pointed out. "You went to the Ministry because you thought Sirius was in danger and your friends followed you to make sure you were safe.""But Professor""No Harry, you are not to blame for Ronald's death," Dumbledore said sternly. "Bellatrix is, and so am I.""You Professor?" Harry asked."Yes Harry," Dumbledore said. "If I had trusted you more then you would not have gone to the Ministry this evening. Before you speak, let me explain Harry please." Harry nodded. "Not this year I have ignored you due to a fear, a fear that I now is was irrational. I feared that the connection that you and Lord Voldemort share would allow Voldemort to spy on us. When you witnessed the attack on Arthur just before Christmas, I knew that Voldemort had become aware of the connection between you two. And that was when I deemed it necessary for you to learn Occulmency.""If you knew about the connection, why didn't you have me start on Occulmency at the beginning of the year?" Harry asked."I thought that if you began learning to shield your mind earlier, Lord Voldemort would have become aware of the connection and try to implant visions in your mind sooner," Dumbledore explained. "However that plan, now, was not one of my better ideas and Ronald paid the price.""I couldn't learn Occulmency because of Snape!" Harry argued."Professor Snape," Dumbledore corrected. "But I underestimated the animosity that Severus holds for your father and yourself, another flaw in my plan.""Why did you force me to learn from Snape then?""I choose Severus because he is familiar with the type of Legilimency that Voldemort uses," Dumbledore said. "He was best suited to teach you, and teach you quickly.""Well, it didn't work," Harry growled. "Snape didn't teach me anything.""Yes, as I said, it was not my most brilliant of ideas," Dumbledore admitted. "But that time has come and gone, and I must import the full scope of my blame in tonight's events. I have hidden things from you Harry, things that I should have told you years ago but I hid them from you to protect you.""Protect me?" Harry asked."Yes, protect you," Dumbledore said. "What Voldemort was after in the Department of Mysteries was a prophecy.""Prophecy? Like Divination?""Yes, a prophecy is made by a Seer and is instantly recorded by some sort of magic in the Department of Mysteries," Dumbledore said. "Now this prophecy was made several months before you were born.""But I smashed the prophecy.""Indeed but that orb was not the only recording we have," Dumbledore said. He stood from his desk and walked over to a cabinet, it was the same cabinet that held Dumbledore's Pensieve. And it was the Pensieve that Dumbledore took from the cabinet. After setting the Pensieve on his desk, Dumbledore raised his wand to his temple and slowly withdrew a silvery floating thread. He then placed the thread in the Pensieve and placed his wand back in his robes.A familiar figure rose from the depths of the Pensieve and spoke in a tone that Harry had heard once before.THE ONE WITH THE POWER TO VANQUISH THE DARK LORD APPROACHESBORN TO THOSE WHO HAVE TRICE DEFIED HIM, BORN AS THE SEVENTH MONTH DIESAND THE DARK LORD WILL MARK HIM AS HIS EQUAL BUT HE WILL HAVE POWER THE DARK LORD KNOWS NOTAND EITHER MUST DIE AT THE HAND OF THE OTHER FOR NEITHER CAN LIVE WHILE THE OTHER SURVIVESTHE ONE WITH THE POWER TO VANQUISH THE DARK LORD WILL BE BORN AS THE SEVENTH MONTH DIES from Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."What does it mean Professor?" Harry asked, his mind whirring furiously."It means that you are the one to defeat Voldemort," Dumbledore said. "You and your classmate, Neville Longbottom, are the two boys that the prophecy could have applied too. You and Neville were both born at the end of the July, you on the 31st and he on the 30th. Both yours and Neville's parents managed to evade Voldemort three times during the first war.""But then why not Neville? Why me?""Because Voldemort choose you," Dumbledore said. "No one can truly know why Voldemort choose to come after you first, except Voldemort himself. I can only surmise that he chose to go after the half-blood first like himself. As you know Voldemort is a half-blood, and Mr. Longbottom is a pureblood, the only wizard that Voldemort thinks matters. I believe that Voldemort felt you were the greater threat as he saw several similarities between the two of you.""If you knew all this time, why didn't you tell me?" Harry accused."How could I?" Dumbledore retorted. "You asked me why Voldemort was targeting you at the end of your first year, and I gave you the only answer I could. How could I tell an eleven year old boy that he was destined to kill the Darkest Wizard since the time of Merlin? The same when you were 12 or 13, you were too young.""What about last year?" Harry asked, his anger simmering just under the surface."As I told you, I couldn't be sure if Voldemort could take the knowledge from your mind," Dumbledore admitted. "It was a mistake, a mistake that has cost you so much and the Weasley family as well."The reminder that Ron was dead slammed into Harry like a double-decker lorry, the finding out that he was destined to kill Voldemort had driven the fact that Ron was gone from Harry's mind."Sir, what about Hermione and the others?" Harry asked, a feeling of dread welling up in the pit of his stomach."Ms. Lovegood, Ms. Weasley and Mr. Longbottom received only minor injuries," Dumbledore said. "Ms. Granger will need to spend several nights in the Hospital Wing to insure that her leg is properly healed.""And Sirius?""Sirius is fine, he is in the company of Nymphadora Tonks and Kingsley Shacklebolt awaiting his long overdue trial," Dumbledore said, smiling slightly at Harry's small brightening of his expression."Sirius will be freed?""It is my most sincere hope," Dumbledore said."Thank you sir," Harry said. "Is that everything?""Yes Harry," Dumbledore said. "I expect that you wish to see your friends, but I believe that you could do with a good night's sleep first."Harry numbly nodded, feeling completely drained. He rose from his seat and crossed the office to the door."Harry, if you need to speak with anyone about anything, my office is always open," Dumbledore said as Harry opened the door."Perhaps if you had told me this at the beginning of this year, I would take you up on that offer but now I'm just not so sure," Harry said before closing the door, and missing the flinch that crossed Dumbledore's face.Harry slowly made his way through the castle, not encountering anyone in the corridors due to the early morning hour. He managed to mumble the password to the Fat Lady and stumbled up to his dormitory. Barely managing to keep his eyes open, Harry climbed into his four-poster without changing into his bedclothes."Night Ron," Harry muttered sleepily. Lightning surged through Harry and suddenly he was no longer tired.Author's Note: Well, here you go, the first chapter of my newest story, The Trio's Glue. I have been listening the Alohomora podcast and recently learned that JK had thought of killing Ron off while writing the middle of the series. And that little nugget of information has given life to this little story. Honestly, if JK had killed Ron off instead of Sirius at this point, I think it would have had much more of an impact than Sirius. Harry has known Ron for pretty much five years now, he's only known of Sirius for three years, and been in contact with Sirius for roughly two years. Also, the fact that Cedric's death had such an impact on Harry while Sirius' didn't have the same impact, that struck me the wrong way. So I wanted to explore the 'what if' question if JK had killed Ron and how the series would change in the aftermath. Sorry for the long AN but let me know what you all think of this chapter by dropping me a review, thanks,S.R.W.M.O
