CHAPTER ONE: MAYHEMANYTHING YOU RECOGNIZE FROM HARRY POTTER BELONGS TO JK ROWLINGBOOM!CRASH!Remus Lupin shot up from sleeping and hurried down the stairs. As he swept toward the sound, he glanced at the clock. 3 AM. Gritting his teeth, he stormed into the kitchen to reveal his sons. "TED REMUS LUPIN! SIRIUS ANDERSON LUPIN!" he thundered irritably. Teddy and Sirius cringed. "It's 3 AM in the morning, when you SHOULD BE ASLEEP! Just what happened right now?" he demanded."Dad, it was-""Don't you dare say it was an accident!" Remus snapped. "I will not accept such a feeble excuse." His eyes turned feral gold, and his sons gulped, exchanging nervous looks."It was Sirius' idea," Teddy said immediately. "He wanted to make a banana and ice cream mixture in the blender. He forced me to help."Sirius glared at him. "I DID NOT!" he yelled.Remus sighed as his two sons argued. "Enough," he said finally after ten minutes of arguing. "Go to your room. We'll deal with this in the morning." With a wave of his wand, he cleaned up the mess and headed upstairs, leaving the two boys in the kitchen."You just had to do this, didn't you?" Teddy grumbled to his younger brother.Luckily, Sirius didn't hear."Morning, dad," Sirius and Teddy greeted. They already had the table set and had been waiting for their dad to come downstairs.Remus gave them a weary smile. "Don't think we won't be having a little chat after breakfast," he warned. He smiled when they groaned. "I do appreciate you setting up the table." He began to help Nymphadora Lupin with breakfast.When their meal was done, Remus stood up. "To my study, boys," he ordered. He clamped a hand on each of their shoulders so that they couldn't slow down. He set a brisk pace and boys were forced to walk fast. They entered the study and Remus pointed to two chairs facing separate corners. Sirius and Remus gaped at him. "Dad!" they exclaimed."I will give you to the count of five. You had better in those chairs when I finish," Remus said sternly."This is stupid," Sirius groaned."One."Teddy hurried away (making the smart choice), while Sirius stood still, arms crossed and glaring at his dad."Two." Remus raised an eyebrow at his second son. "I mean it, Sirius Anderson," he warned."I don't like you right now," the five-year-old whined."I don't particularly care," Remus countered. "Three.""I'm not a baby! I won't sit in that corner!" Sirius hissed."Don't test my patience Sirius Anderson Lupin. Or else you'll be in far more trouble than your already in right now. Four," Remus replied."Shut up!" Sirius yelled.Remus raised his eyebrows. Now, where did he learn that? He looked pointedly at Ted, who looked guilty. "Fi-"Sirius snapped and darted toward the chair."That's better," Remus said sternly. He sat down at his desk and busied himself while silently counting the minutes. Seven minutes would be enough. He heard Sirius shifting. "Sirius, sit still." The corner Sirius was in was quiet for a few moments. Then there was a slight scuffling sound. "Sirius Anderson Lupin, sit still before I add another minute!" Remus ordered. Sirius froze. After seven minutes, Remus stood up. "Sirius, come with me. Teddy, you will remain in that corner." He looked sternly at his seven-year-old and led Sirius toward the boys' room. He sat down on Sirius' bed and patted the spot beside him. "Sit."He waited until Sirius followed his order. He cast a silencing charm over the door. Then he began. "Sirius Anderson, what in the world were you thinking?" he demanded. "You could have gotten hurt! What if you and Ted were caught in that explosion?" Remus asked sternly."We would have been covered with banana and ice cream," Sirius snapped at him."Watch. Your. Attitude."Sirius gulped at the intensity of those words and he mumbled an apology."I want you to answer all of my questions. Truthfully."Sirius nodded."I expect a verbal answer at all times," Remus said sternly.Sirius nodded, then remembered what his dad had said about verbal answers and muttered hastily, "Yes, sir.""Good. Now, how did you get the blender? The blender is on the top shelf." Remus observed his son's guilty look."We used your broom," Sirius answered sullenly.Remus raised an eyebrow. "Knowing that you weren't allowed to ride my broom?" he inquired.Sirius dropped his head. "Yes, sir."Remus stared at Sirius' curly short hazel-brown hair. He gripped his chin firmly and pushed his head up to meet Remus' eyes. Blue eyes met amber, gazes locked. "Sirius, I am very disappointed in you," Remus said. "I thought you knew better. You could have hurt yourself. Did you even know how dangerous the blender can be without an adult watching you?" Sirius shook his head and tried to lower his eyes. "Sirius! Look at me!" Remus said firmly, and his son's blue eyes darted up. "You put yourself in danger. You stole my broom knowing full well you weren't supposed to. You defied me when I told you to sit in the corner. Not only that, but you were disrespectful to me. For all of those misdeeds, you will be getting a spanking.""NO-O-O!" Sirius wailed as Remus bared his bottom and placed the small boy on his knees. "NO SPANKING!""Yes, you are going to get one," Remus said firmly, and brought his hand down. Sirius cried out. Remus kept a steady rhythm. Not wanting to hurt the boy, he didn't swat too hard, but not too lightly either. The swats would sting, but not burn intensely. "Sirius Anderson Lupin, why are you getting this spanking?""I CAN'T THINK!" Sirius wailed.Remus gave him two swats on his right cheek and another two swats on his left. Sirius cried out again. "Then I'll recount them for you. But I want you to list how many misdeeds you committed.""Y-Yes, sir!" Sirius wailed.And Remus began to speak, punctuating his words with light slaps. "Now, how many misdeeds, Sirius?" he prompted."F-FOUR!" Sirius yelped. And he broke down sobbing, going limp.Remus surveyed the red bottom in front of him and gave a nod to himself. Sirius had had enough. "All right, Sirius, we're almost done, all right?" he said softly."Yes, sir!" Sirius howled.Remus sighed and delivered a last flurry of swats to the red bottom. Sirius was now sobbing hard. Remus drew him into a tight hug and rubbed comforting circles on his back. He spoke into the boy's curly hazel-brown hair. "You understand why I had to do that, right, Sirius?" he asked quietly. Sirius nodded. "I'm sorry I had to do it. It hurts me more than it hurts you," Remus said softly.Sirius looked up at him, frowning. "That doesn't make sense. You're not doing anything."Remus' heart ached. "One day, you'll understand," he told him, stroking Sirius' short hazel brown hair. "Now, lie down and take a rest. I'll bring you some hot chocolate.""Thank you, daddy," Sirius whispered.Remus smiled and headed out of the room.END OF CHAPTER ONEPlease review.A/N: I made Sirius (not Sirius Black) the second son of Remus Lupin. The character Sirius Anderson Lupin is my idea while Sirius Black is JK ROWLING's character (she gets credit for the names 'Sirius' and 'Lupin', though). Sirius Lupin's hair is not like Sirius Black's hair. Sirius Lupin's hair Is hazel-brown and SHORT and curly. Sirius Black's hair is black and shoulder-length and curly.Please review!
