Mysterious Coven(Disclaimer: Only own plot)November 28, 19979:35p.m. Monday NightHarry wondered around a forest breathing deeply as he walked on the ground surrounded by dead bodies. He walked down the trail noticing blood dripping on his head he looked up and saw a mysterious man with a dead animal in his mouth. He jumped down from his height coming closer to where I stood. I noticed that his eyes were pinched black with sharp fangs. I stumbled before turning around running. When I was near my car I suddenly was pulled back flying back towards the man."Who are you" He asked venom dripping from his teeth. "Harry Potter" I said and his face turned upside down in realization. He put me on the ground tieing me up in rope before he hung me over his shoulder whispering ancient words before we disappeared in the blink of an eye leaving a puff of smoke. We landed softly on the ground surrounding by blood and demons. He walked us over to a bridge as we began walking across it.I looked down and noticed a pit of fire people screaming as they burned in fire. We made it across the bridge moments later as the man knocked on a black door covered in symbols. I looked back towards the people in the fire once more and noticed blood dripping from a man's mouth. I turned away horrified. The door opened revealing a creture with claws and fangs. "Harry Potter is here" The man said as he walked us threw the door it slamming close on its self.The man then entered numbers on a keypad before the door melted revealing a large throne. The man walked us in walking over dead corpses. He reached the throne before sitting me on the ground. The man whispered the words 'He's here' before the chair turned revealing a man with large curled horns red covered arms and legs, black teeth, and a large sector. He looked down at me an smiled before looking back up at the man. "Thank You Javier, you and Ron may go feed" The man said before the man who brought me left.The older man snapped his fingers and I was free of the ropes. I rubbed my hands at the burning skin. I was pulled towards the man in the throne coming and standing before him. He reached his hand out and caressed my cheek with his claws before pulling back. He must have noticed my heart bear increasing as he placed a gentle hand on my chest. "Calm little one" He said as he slowed my heartbeat. I moments I was breathing correctly as the man continued to look at me."Who are you" I asked steadily and the man pulled my closer so that I was between his legs. "Well Harry I'm Tom Riddle Sr. But around here it's called Voldemort or Satan" He said and I gasped and the name 'Satan' I was in Hell. He pulled my closer to him so that his head was resting into my neck before he bit in. I screamed in agony as my blood began pouring into his mouth as he's body suddenly started to glow. He pulled black licking the extra blood of my neck and his lips."That was delicious love" He said as he pulled me into his lap kissing me by force. "Are you going to kill me" I asked as my tears started to flow from my eyes. He kissed them away his touching burying my skin leaving small smoke. "No, I'm not going to kill you love, You going to give me a child" He said as he removed me from his lap grabbing my arm pulling me towards a bedroom. He laid me in the bed covering me up in red covers kissing my forehead."Good Night Harry" He said as my eyes closed tightly leaving me unconscious as he walked out of the room sealing it shut so no one could get in an I couldn't get outDid you enjoy the first chapter leave a review and let me know.The next chapter will be posted in a day or two.
