Well, hello everyone and welcome to my first (when I mean ''first", I mean by myself this time) Harry Potter story! On my profile I've stated before that I am a co-writer of a story titled "Forbidden Origins" with another user, lovewriting18. So, you may or may not have seen my username...depending on if you decided to check out that story or not. :P Anyway, this is my first crack at writing alone, so bear with me...I am not primarily a writer, so I'm just getting my feet wet. This story you're about to read focuses on a few minor characters in the HP series, plus an OC villain I have in here. A/N and Disclaimer: I do not own anything Harry Potter, that is the property of J.K. Rowling. The storyline in this fic is mine, so are the OCs...and any made up spell, etc...which I will give a note on translation, place, what have you. And thank you to those in advance who are willing to give this story a chance, I truly appreciate it. This is a slash fic with m/m relationships, eventually resulting in some scenes that are more of a mature nature. If you don't like it, press the ''Back'' button. Plain and simple. Any spelling, punctuation or grammatical errors are my mistakes alone...so correct me if you see them. Enjoy :DChapter OneTwo bodies were lying next to each another after a night of passion. One was already fast asleep, curled up in their lover's arms. The other was still awake, gently stroking the blonde's hair while gazing at the sweet face he promised to love forever. 'After several years of waiting, we're finally united as one. Earlier today, I pledged my undying and ever-lasting love as did you, we said ''I do'' and consummated our bond...well, officially, this time. And to think, if it weren't for the actions of one crazy bitch, I never would have found the love of my life...'*~Four years earlier, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Miles's Sixth year*~It was a breezy, cool October morning and Miles was woken out of a deep slumber to the sounds of loud, passionate moaning and a creaking bed. 'Not again...son of a bitch. It's way too damn early for anyone to be going at it!' Sitting up with a scowl, he pushed open the curtains of his Slytherin green four-poster bed ''Goddamn it, Terence! Adrian! Either wait until everyone is up and out of the room or put up a fucking Silencer like normal people!" The couple's activities suddenly stopped, and Adrian poked his head out ''Hey! be glad I just finished. You didn't need to yell." the Chaser replied with a cheeky grin while Terence snickered behind him.Shaking his head, the Snake rose from his sheets and stretched out, his large muscles flexing with every movement. Miles Alastair Bletchley had short, slightly wavy red hair reminiscent of a shade crossed between carrot and pumpkin orange. His skin was a healthy peach tone dotted with freckles, mostly present upon his shoulders, cheekbones and nose. He possessed a stocky, muscular frame close to what Muggles referred to as a linebacker. Although he stood at an average height of five feet-nine inches, he certainly was intimidating...just ask the several students he's sent to Madame Pomfrey over the years.Miles was the Keeper for the Slytherin Quidditch team, one of many privileged wealthy purebloods, and was currently seeing a fellow Slytherin pureblood. In fact, he was on his way to meet her at breakfast right now. After brushing his teeth and pulling on his Hogwarts uniform, Bletchley made his way through the dungeons up to the Great Hall. Seeing his best friend, Cassius Warrington, he quickly took a seat next to the Beater who was munching on a blueberry muffin. ''Morning.'' Miles greeted his housemate while fixing his plate-a large helping of eggs, bacon, sausage and toast...a perfect start to the day. Unfortunately, his start was about to be ruined when a brunette with a screechy laugh sat on his right. 'Aw man...not you. Maybe if I don't move, you'll go away.' Snaking a bony arm around his waist, she smiled "Hello, Miles. Wonderful to see you this morning, I've missed you. Hm?...must you always eat so much? Remember, a moment on the lips equals a lifetime on the hips." 'Is that why you eat like a bird?' "It's fine, Elisa. I always work it off, now will you please let me eat? I think Brittany wants your attention.." he pointed in the direction of an auburn, wavy-haired girl who beckoned her friend over. ''I'll see what she wants. Bye." she pecked him on the cheek before sauntering off to her gal pal. Cassius snorted ''Gee, out of all people to contract with against your will, your father had to agree to that one. You'd have had better luck with Bulstrode and she's seeing some Ravenclaw chit." "Father doesn't exactly know my type, now does he? When it comes to my ideal future companion, he is certainly way off. I loathe seeing this girl."In all honesty, he wouldn't call it ''seeing'' per se, it was an arranged marriage contract between his and her father. Elisa Blackheart, was the girl's name...and 'Blackheart' was a well-suited title. Long, lightly curled chestnut brown hair, aqua blue eyes, alabaster skin and slender frame to tie it all together, Elisa was quite a catch. With one sultry wink, she made a lot of men crumble...teenage or grown. Despite her beauty, she was one cold-hearted bitch. Any girl that would come within five feet of her betrothed would meet a choice of either a nasty hex, a horrible rumor or a public tongue-lashing. Elisa was spoiled, superficial, conniving and well...find every definition of a foul woman and she was it. How the hell Miles could bear to even be in her presence for longer than ten minutes was beyond his friends' comprehension. They think it's because he has to be nice to her, to avoid the wrath of both his and her father.Halfway through his breakfast, Miles looked to see Marcus Flint, Chaser and captain of the Slytherin team taking a spot across him. A curly, crimson-haired Prefect waltzed right in the Hall a minute later, making sure his tie was perfectly aligned before taking his seat at Gryffindor table. "So, Flint...occupied?" he grinned, getting a glare from the Chaser. "Shut up, Bletchley." It was definitely no secret to Miles and his friends that Marcus was seeing Weasley. They've been together for a couple years now. Although rather prim and kind of pompous, Percy was a perfect match for Marcus. The tough-as-nails, towering and bulky sixth-year crumbled when it came to the redhead."Miles, any closer to getting out of the contract with the banshee? You know there's no earthly way that broad will keep her legs closed until your wedding night." Graham Montague asked, taking a sip of pumpkin juice from his goblet. His vampiric-looking friend had a point. Elisa has attempted to bed him multiple times, each in vain. Miles was unyielding and unlike most, he had standards. He wasn't going to lay anybody until he was good and ready, plus he didn't want to touch her. Thankfully to Merlin, she never stole his first kiss."Oh, I don't doubt that for a second. I think she has been fooling around. She's the kind who does whatever she wants and avoids getting caught. I'm hoping I can catch her in the act, then there will be grounds to nullify the contract. Sometime, any time..before the end of the next school year would be great." he sighed, putting down his fork. "Don't fret man, we'll just have to do some sort of investigation. She'll be out of your hair...and ours...in no time." Lucian Bole said, trying to cheer up a discontented Keeper before they headed off for Thursday's lessons.That night, Miles decided to take his evening stroll through the corridors earlier than usual. The less he time he spent cooped up in his dorm, the better. Taking a sharp right past the Transfigurations classroom, he stumbled onto an interesting sight. Peeking from behind a corner, there was Elisa...snogging a seventh-year Ravenclaw. One of his hands was on her waist, the other underneath her skirt, moving around. 'Well, consider our contract severed. Farewell, you suffocating whore.' With a smirk, Miles turned the opposite direction and continued his walk, eagerly anticipating of relaying the news first to his friends and later, his father.In the dorm, Marcus was reviewing some plays he devised for their practice on Saturday morning. He'd have to deal with yet another day of hearing Malfoy's whining and or boasting. Terence, his former Seeker and Adrian were whispering to one another in between kisses, Bole was reading one of his Muggle books, while Montague and Warrington were both discussing their plans for a Hogsmeade visit with their boyfriends, Oliver and Cormac. Gazing up from his copy of Shakespeare's 'A Midsummer Night's Dream', Lucian saw Miles meander his way into the room, a wide grin present on his handsome face. ''What's got you all cheery this evening?" "Just caught a spectacular view of a slut getting her due." "Knew it!" Graham laughed, jumping off his bed to sit next to the redhead. "Details, man. Spill 'em.""I saw Blackheart and that 'Claw, Rawlins, getting hot and heavy up near the Transfigurations room. His hand was all up in her knickers and everything.'' Grimacing at the image, Cassius replied ''Congrats, Bletchley. You're a free man. I am so relieved." "Not as relieved as I am." Terence asked "When do you plan on telling your old man?" "Hm, I dunno. I think I'm just gonna hint around a bit, let her get nervous. I can store the memory in my portable pensieve for now and show Dad later." he shrugged before heading to the showers. 'I'm not gonna worry about it anymore, I have practice to prepare for on Saturday. Gonna bathe and get some well-deserved rest.'Friday morning rolled around and Miles was in high spirits. This was the most chipper he's been since he received an autographed Quaffle from the Keeper of the Falmouth Falcons for his tenth birthday. Entering the Great Hall with Cassius at his side, he quickly donned an impassive mask and sat down, chatting amongst his companions. At the opposite end, Elisa was talking with her two equally-bitchy besties, Brittany and Celine. ''I swear, Connor was amazing for a quickie. I haven't been laid by a 'Claw in quite some time...he really knew how to hit me just right.""You know what they say, normally the most bookish are the wildest in bed." Brittany giggled, moving lock of hair out of her gray eyes. Celine smiled, leaning in ''Sweetie, you do remember the stipulations of your contract with Miles's dad? What if he finds out about you two...or any of the others? You'll be out a contract, his fortune and a notable pedestal in high society." She scoffed, waving her hand flippantly as she applied lipstick to her pouty lips "No worries, Miles isn't exactly the sharpest knife in the drawer. He hasn't the slightest idea of my activities, neither does his musclebound, Quidditch-playing buddies. You see, I always get what I want and I'll do whatever it takes to achieve it. As soon as we graduate the June after next, his money and prestige are as good as mine from the minute I say 'I do'." Closing her compact mirror, she gave each of her friends a devilish smirk before rising to sit with Miles. ''Sly little vixen, isn't she? Take notes, Celine. You're learning from the master.""Hey, baby." Elisa kissed him on the cheek, as she did every morning when she greeted the Keeper. "Good morning to you too, Elisa. Say, I was meaning to talk with you about what you'd like to do for our future engagement party but you were nowhere to be found. You weren't in the common room or your usual hangouts. Where were you?" he asked, falsely curious. "Oh! I was off in the library, working on the last part of an essay. You know Binns and details." she flipped her hair over her shoulder, pursing her lips. 'Come on, I'm eating...' "Oh, really? Well, I was down there. I didn't see you." "I was at the back, I like my privacy." 'Keep lying, maybe you'll believe it soon enough.' Raising an eyebrow, he flatly responded ''Right.'' and went back to eating his breakfast, disregarding her presence. 'Why the sudden change? He's never asked me about our engagement plans before. Miles normally veers away from the subject every time I bring it up.' A sinking feeling started to appear at the pit of her stomach. 'No, I have been too careful, he couldn't have seen us.' After Charms, Miles and his gang were heading down an empty corridor to lunch. He felt a familiar bony arm pull him to a stop. ''Miles, honey...can we talk?'' "Sure, what is it?" His friends stopped to watch. Glancing from them to Miles ''Can we talk..alone?" Grinning, he returned "Why? Anything you have to say to me, you can say in front of them." Getting exasperated, Elisa sighed and yanked him to the pillar. ''Why did you look at me that way this morning? And the way you said 'Right' and completely ignored me...it was uncalled for. That's not how you speak to someone who will be your future wife-'' Miles chuckled cruelly "Future wife? Please. I know all about you and Rawlins sneaking around, fucking in an empty corridor. If you believe that you can fool me or anyone else, you are sadly mistaken. I never have nor will I ever like you or marry you. As for the contract, it is terminated. Once my father gets wind of this, you can consider your family's alliance with mine finished." Miles uttered viciously, the content smile never leaving his face.Redfaced and sputtering, Elisa retorts quickly in a shrill voice "N-no! Y-you have no proof! It's my word against yours. You'd do anything just to get out of the contract! Whether you like it or not, we're going to be together!" "Let me tell you something you tawdry, insignificant, gold-digging slut...you will never lay your hands on me or my money for that matter. So, if you want to keep that pretty face of yours, you'll never enter my presence again.'' he snarled, wand at the ready. Knowing Miles was never one to back down from a threat, she gave him a deadly glare and stormed off, pushing several third-year Hufflepuffs out of her way. ''That went well." Cassius grinned, throwing an arm around his best friend. "Hey mate, let's get down to lunch, I'm starving."All right, that was Chapter One! Let me know what you think about this new rare pair I decided to throw together. What the hell, you know? Anyway, constructive criticism would be appreciated when you review or if you wish to PM me. I will not tolerate any bigotry, so if you decide to flame me or whatever...go ahead but you're only wasting your time. My writing may not be the best but at least I'm making an effort. Anyone who has more experience with writing or something in the literary field, please feel free to offer advice since that can help me greatly...well...or anyone in general because we're all here to help each other out. ;) Thanks again! 
