There was no way of denying it; Scorpius was definitely his fathers' son. Even at eleven he had Draco's blonde hair, his tall, slim frame and those pale grey eyes that everyone seemed to recognise wherever he went. Not that he'd ever want to deny it, of course, he told himself silently. Draco was a good father and a good husband and there was nothing at all wrong with being a Malfoy. So what if his grandfather had been in Azkaban? Lots of people had been in Azkaban after the second wizarding war. The name of Malfoy was anciently long and although, he knew, the last couple of generations had been, well, a bit dodgy at times, that didn't mean the whole Malfoy clan had been and had to be. Hadn't the Black name been redeemed by the famous brothers, Sirius and Regulas? The Malfoy name could be too.'Scorpius Malfoy!' A tall familiar looking teacher called out suddenly, scattering Scorpius's previous thoughts, leaving nothing more than his nerves. How he had managed to think of anything else at that moment in time though, he didn't know. This was the moment, after all  his Sorting.Scorpius sighed slightly and stepped forwards towards the old wooden stool and the man he now remembered as Neville Longbottom, who clutched at the legendary sorting hat with his wand hand. Of course, he had heard all about his new teachers, and this war hero seemed capable of being just as fierce as he'd heard  not at all surprising, really, seen as he was the head of Gryffindor house. His new Herbology teacher waited un-movingly until Scorpius reached the stool. Sitting down, he felt more than saw the hat being placed on his head, which happened to fall over his eyes, blocking out his view of the great hall. He found he was somewhat happy about this because all the stares were starting to get to him.'Ah, the next Malfoy.' Scorpius heard in his head. The voice wasn't accusing, just factual. He preferred this, as he'd found some people  and on occasion, certain portraits  with long memories seemed to dislike him based on name alone.'Sorting hat.' He acknowledged back quietly.'Hmm.' The hat murmured, 'Clearly talented. Loyal. There's bravery too, I see. Cunningness. Yes, yes.'Scorpius looked up as the sorting hat seemed to nod, forgetting momentarily that he couldn't see a thing, 'Yes. Yes. That would be best, I think.' The Sorting hat continued, before shouting aloud,'SLYTHERIN!'Letting out a breath he didn't know he'd held, he listened as people clapped and cheered. The hat was pulled from his head and Professor Longbottom smiled kindly, gesturing to the far table on the right, the table who were clapping the loudest. Slytherin house.'Thanks.' Scorpius said, walking over to his house mates, before letting out a sigh of relieve. For half a second, he had thought he might be sat on the stool in front of everyone for minutes on end. As he sat down, greeting and smiling at those closest to him, the hat continued on; John Newit went to Ravenclaw, Lisa Nightingale went to Hufflepuff, James Oliver went to Gryffindor and then 'Potter, Albus.'Scorpius wasn't the only one to look over at the boy intently. Albus Potter was famous by extension. He'd read all about the Potter/Weasley family  and had even heard a little of their great deeds from his father. The daily prophet also tended to write about them as often as they could. They had even written an in-depth article two years ago when James Sirius Potter had gone to Hogwarts and been placed in Gryffindor, just like his parents, his grandparents on both sides and most of his Aunts and Uncles. There had even been an article written three days ago on whether Albus would follow in their footsteps and whether his parents would care if he didn't, with a promise of an update as soon as they knew the answer to both questions.Albus Potter looked as nervous as Scorpius had felt when he sat on the stool. Professor Longbottom smiled reassuringly at him though, whispering something nobody else could hear. Albus smiled shakily back and nodded, before the hat covered his black hair that seemed to stick up in every direction, along with the green eyes that were so bright, Scorpius had seen their shine from where he was sat.As it had with him, the Sorting hat seemed to take its time thinking. Seconds passed, turning into a solid minute, before Albus moved his right hand and scratched at his nose, shrugging slightly. His lips parted and moved in a whispered response. Scorpius wondered what the hat had said to him. Not another second passed though and the hat opened its mouth and shouted,'SLYTHERIN.'Scorpius knew that he wasn't the only one surprised, but clapped loudly as the boy ran over to their table, looking a little abashed, and sat down directly next to him.'Hi.' He greeted the table nervously, though his mouth tilted up in a small smile. Scorpius and a few others grinned back.'Nice to meet you, Al.'
