Knock 'em DeadPrologueThe Girl Necromancerx31st May 1993Gaunt ShackLittle HangletonTom Marvolo Riddle was not in the least bit pleased.Oh yes, he was finally free from that damn diary, and yes, he was certainly now able to interact with the physical world, as it long ago should have been.But no, what Tom Riddle was beyond upset with, was that someone was trespassing upon his ancestral ground.Without doubt the Gaunt Shack was just as the name implied, a gaunt looking, run-down shack far from the rest of civilized society. He remembered visiting this just before the start of his sixth year, just before he sealed his memories away in the diary in the form of a Horcrux. He'd been planning to store another Horcrux here, his second one that he'd taken from the despicable, useless excuse of a wizard, that was his maternal uncle. But he hadn't expected this.Upon approaching the Gaunt Shack, he was fully expecting there to be a multitude of wards around the place, maybe a hundred or so snakes standing guard. That'd been the rough plan.Well, there was certainly snakes standing guard. However, they quite happily approached him, hissing and slithering about in confusion."What are you doing?""Another Speaker! What are you doing here Speaker? Must tell the Death Speaker..."And just like that several of the snakes made their way back to the well hidden shack, leaving Tom half crouched on the ground and completely flummoxed as to what had just happened. His ears were trying to tell him that there was not only a squatter in the Gaunt Shack, but that this squatter spoke the snake tongue too. But he'd never heard of a 'Death Speaker' before.Regardless, it never stopped him making his way to the shack, pushing open the door that should have been worn and old, but was instead new and heavily fortified with charms. Charms that seemed to have been deactivated mere seconds ago to allow him entrance..The first thing Tom Marvolo Riddle, the last descendant of the House of Gaunt noticed, was that the Gaunt house was no longer in dire need of repairs. It could almost be considered cosy. Certainly homely, far more homely, than it had ever been before. It looked like someone had been living here for a while, because there was a great number of things being used.There was a bed over in the corner of the main room, clearly constructed from some trees that looked like they'd been dragged in from outside and hastily chopped away at. The blanket was thick, clearly meant for a winter's night, which was perhaps why it was currently gathered at the foot of the bed. There was even a cauldron hanging over a fire pit in the center of the room, a stew like scent wafting through the air which unfortunately, smelt mightily good to his empty stomach.What was perhaps most noticeable though, was the girl curled up before the cauldron, who'd paused halfway through throwing in a chopped up carrot. Her hair was a dark mess that ran down the length of her back, untill it stopped just upon touching the floor. She was sat with her legs curled beneath her, an inquisitive frown upon her face as with her free hand she brushed back one of the... trinkets that was woven into her hair. And there were several.He could see the fang of an Ashwinder hanging beside her cheekbone from one thread of hair and what he was pretty sure were a good few strands of unicorn hair plaited in. There were two feathers, one from a Hippogriff and one that had perhaps belonged to an Augurey before it had found it's new home. There was a form of Egyptian bead hanging on the opposite side of the face from the Ashwinder fang, and if he was guessing correctly by the origins of the other hair ornaments, then it was quite possible this decoration had come from a Sphinx. Perhaps the most worrying thing about the girl though, was her companion. For he was sure that it was a Lethifold that was currently curled up around her feet, it's wraith like form seeming content to remain in place."Hi, I hope you don't mind that I've been crashing here for the past six years. My name's Harry and I'll get thrown in Azkaban if I don't hide, because being a Necromancer is apparently illegal."Tom, thoroughly thrown by the girl's odd demeanour, inspected her face with a tad more attention, taking in the startlingly green eyes, and then finally, the lightning bolt scar upon her forehead. Oh.It appeared he'd found the missing Girl-Who-Lived. And she was a Necromancer.Well, maybe he wasn't so unhappy any more.So, I've had a few people tell me I don't have many romance centered stories. I don't know how well I can write them, so I'll try my best with this. But just to be safe, this is an Adventure/Romance, in which FemHarry is a Necromancer. Her full name being Harriet Lily Potter-Peverell. So, erm, I hope you stick around for the rest of this? While this here Prologue is short, I'm aiming for the chapter length of about 5,000-7,000 words coming up next.Thanks for reading,Tsumexxx
