Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any characters associated with it.AN: First time writing Dramione on this website. Having written it for over two years on another site, I took a break for a while. Have had this story in my mind for a while; will have Weasley bashing in it and possibly Dumbledore bashing. Probably riddled with plot holes and clichs - you have been warned! ~ ZyiiEdited: 12/08/14Chapter One  'One Step Forward, One Step Back'Narcissa Malfoy was an almost happy woman. She lived in a world that wasn't in fear of an evil tyrant, she hadn't gone to prison and she hadn't died. Her family had paid its price and righted all wrongs, the name Malfoy was no longer feared as it once was, and no longer did people look upon them with disgust etched upon their faces. It was the dawn of a new age, the next generation were the ones leading the Wizarding world into a new era. Pureblood supremacy was now a thing of the past and those who couldn't bow down to the changes happening around them were now shunned by all society. They had been fools believing in what Voldemort had taught them, their fear for muggles was detrimental to their behaviour towards them. Muggles should be feared to an extent, if they were ever to find out about the Wizarding world the result would be astronomically bad, yet there were some good sides to the muggles.Some of their technology was vastly advanced from that in the Wizarding world and the increase in muggle born witches and wizards had helped boost the Wizarding population to new heights. New blood was now better, it was obvious that years of arrange marriages between pureblood families had weakened generation after generation. Some were too stupid to recognise the signs but Narcissa was no fool, in fact she'd had the highest grades when she'd attended Hogwarts. She saw the signs and realised the meaning behind them, this was a new day where purebloods and muggle-borns had to exist together equally or the world could plunge into another war like the one that had recently ended.She was not however, going to start preaching her ideas to the masses, nor was she going to suggest that arrange marriages between purebloods and muggle-borns were the way forward. It was just that she had been thinking a lot lately and she was grateful for the cultural shock she had experienced in the years following the war. To think that her past had been embedded in her since she was a child by her parents, it made her wonder how different her life would have been had she been born to someone else. She had realised her mistakes of the past and hoped that she never fell for them again. She was trying to move on from her past and make herself a better person; she had never been evil, only fearful and trapped.She couldn't blame her husband forever, though he was one of the forces behind her being trapped within the dark arts. His destiny had been set out before him by his Father. When his Father had died, Lucius had still been in school and he'd had to pick up the pieces and become the head of the family. He was vulnerable and during his vulnerability Voldemort had struck, his influence had forced Lucius to submit at an early stage and he'd been trapped a long with Narcissa ever since.Then came Draco, her pride and joy. She'd always wanted to be a Mother and always wanted to have more children than just Draco. However, upon Draco's birth, they'd been told in no uncertain terms that any future children they had would be given to Voldemort as claim for their loyalty. He wanted an army he could control, and what better army to control than one you'd had since birth. It was a notion that stopped Narcissa from ever considering having another child; she could not subject any of her offspring to a mad man.She had doted on Draco while Lucius had been firm and strict with him. She understood Lucius's behaviour but wished that he had at least shown a little bit of emotion. Draco could have used that growing up, still it was no matter, his Father was showing Draco his emotion now.There were so many things that Narcissa wished she could undo from Draco's life. Perhaps if she'd been more observant she could have saved him from the horrors of his sixth year, or the nightmares of his supposed seventh. Now though, Draco had changed his life around, upon completion of his N.E.W.T.s at Hogwarts he trained to be a healer and then opened his own private clinic that treated any patient regardless of species or wealth. The business was thriving, going above and beyond what St. Mungo's did. The clinic had its own apothecary/potions shop that was run by Professor Snape and Neville Longbottom, which helped a lot of people and bought in a lot of revenue.The clinic wasn't his only profitable business, he also co-owned a private Wizarding club with Harry Potter and a chain of shops that combined wizard and muggle products with his school friend's; Blaise Zabini and Daphne Greengrass. He definitely wasn't short of money and his businesses were so profitable that Lucius couldn't fault him for not taking over the family business. However, Narcissa could still see that he wasn't happy and that the past sometimes haunted him.Though she couldn't change the past, now that the dust had settled and the Wizarding world was moving on with life, she had but one goal; to see Draco happy. He was miserable, he overworked and he was alone. Yet she remembered a time during his repeated seventh year when he'd been blissfully happy. Narcissa had never seen him as happy as she'd seen him then. Then his happiness had ended and he had come crashing down. It had all happened because of a girl, not just any ordinary girl. It could never be an ordinary girl that bought Draco Malfoy to his knees. On no, the girl that had made his eyes burn with happiness and then dulled his life was none other than Hermione Granger.