Prelude 1:October 31st 1981It was currently mid afternoon on Halloween; Sirius Black was sitting in his living room with his wife Carina Black and his daughter Cassiopeia (Cassie) Marissa Black while one of his best friends is currently in the other room Remus Lupin. Sirius had shaggy shoulder length black hair and grey blue eyes, Carina had platinum blonde hair that came half way down her back in ringlets and stunning bright green eyes and an olive complexion. Cassie was a mix of both her parents, she had wavy honey blonde hair, Carina's olive complexion but she had Sirius' grey blue eyes. Remus had light brown hair and golden eyes, his skin was covered the multiple scars that was caused by his werewolf condition.Cassie was sitting on the floor playing with her toys while Sirius and Carina were sitting on the couch when Remus walked into the living room."Have you guys heard from Worms lately?" Sirius and Carina turned around and looked at Remus.Worms or Wormtail was the nick name given to Peter Pettigrew another friend in their group; the nick name makes reference to his animagus form of a rat. Sirius was called Padfoot as he became a black shaggy dog. Remus was called Moony; it made reference to him being a werewolf. Carina was called Mane because she turned into a lioness. Their last friend James Potter, he was called Prongs because he turned into a stag."No I haven't, but his mum has been sick, maybe I should go check on him" Sirius walked over to where Remus was standing."No don't leave we are in the middle of a war Sirius, he will reply eventually, just let it go" Carina looked at Sirius with pleading eyes.Ever since the middle of their fifth year at Hogwarts a war had broken out. A dark Wizard by the name of Voldemort and his followers which have taken the name of Death Eaters had started going around raiding Wizarding homes that weren't on their side as well as killing of all muggles and muggle born wizard. Voldemort believed that magic should be left to wizards, who had a wizard back ground, he didn't believe that someone without magical parents should be allowed to use to magic."I will be fine, I should be there and back before the day is over" Sirius kissed Carina and Cassie before leaving the room and then heading off to Peter's house.The afternoon turned in evening and evening turned into midnight. Carina has just come back to the kitchen after checking on Cassie."Moony have you heard from anyone yet?"Remus didn't get the chance to reply when a corporal Patronus appeared in the kitchen."The Potter's are dead. Voldemort has fallen. Harry is alive. I will be in contact soon" the sound came from the phoenix standing in front of them."Wasn't that Dumbledore?" Remus looked at Carina and realised that she had started crying.The Potter's were in fact James Potter and his wife Lily Potter, Lily was Carina's best friend as well as Godmother to Cassie while Remus was the Godfather. James and Lily had a little boy named Harry who was two years younger than Cassie, Carina and Sirius were the Godparents of Harry."Come on, let's get you into bed and we will talk in the morning and hopefully Pads will be back by then"Remus took Carina to her room. Sirius wasn't back in the morning, if fact he still wasn't back to days later when it was Cassie's fourth birthday.Carina had walked into the kitchen to find Remus helping Cassie eat her breakfast."MUMMY!""Hello baby. Are you enjoying your food?" Cassie just nodded at her mum. "Thank you Moony, you didn't have to feed her""It's fine you have been worried sick the last two days, it's the least I could do since you guys have let me live here for free""We weren't going to let you to live on the street. Have you heard from Dumbledore about anything?""No I haven't, I'm sure Pads is fine. Dumbledore should be here soon enough with Harry though, you both were his Godparents""I hope so. Come on baby it's time for your presents" Carina picked Cassie up and went into the living room where there were a pile of presents.Cassie had opened all her presents and most of them were either toys or clothing but there was a stunning charm bracelet in one of the boxes."Cassie, baby this is a very important present. It was mine but I'm passing it onto you. Daddy gave me this bracelet one Christmas. When he gave it to me it had a dog, a wolf, and a stag on it. He told me it was so I was always protected. Just as you will always be protected baby. They all represent your uncles and daddy. I added a lion so I will be there to protect you too baby""Mummy what is that one" Cassie pointed at the gem on the bracelet"Baby it is a colour that is linked to your birthday" Cassie just smiled while Carina put the bracelet on."Thank you mummy" Cassie smiled at her mum.The afternoon was spent watching Cassie while she played with her new toys."Moony, I think I'm going to look for Sirius" Carina walked over to Remus"Mane, where would you start?""I think Ali and Franks. They must have some idea where he would have gone aside from us. I'll take Cassie with me so you can have some time alone.""Mane, you can leave Cassie here. It's fine.""No it's fine. Ali adores Cassie, she won't mind and plus she can play with Neville""Only if you're sure Mane""I am Moony. Come on Baby where going to visit Aunty Ali. Do you want to visit Aunty Ali?""Yes mummy. Where's daddy?""Maybe Aunty Ali knows baby."Carina used the floo network to go to the Longbottom's. When she arrived she placed Cassie on the floor with her toys and called Alice and Frank into the room."What's wrong Carina?""I haven't seen Sirius since Halloween. Please tell you have seen him?""No I haven't he can't be that far can he?" their conversation was interrupted by a loud bang."What was that?" Carina looked at Frank"It's the wards. Someone is trying to get in""Damn it. Cassie baby. Remember what daddy and I taught you about hiding? You need to hide and don't come out no matter you hear until you see someone we trust. Can you do this for me baby?""Yes mummy" Cassie ran off into the other room"Why did I bring her with me? I should have left her at home with Remus""Carina don't be like that. You couldn't have known what would have happened come we should move to the front of the house, less likely they will find Cassie" Carina followed Frank and Alice to the front of the house leaving all thoughts of Sirius behind, all she cared about was making sure that Cassie was safe. There was another bang and the front door blew open and Bellatrix, Rodolphus and Rabastan Lestrange and Barty Crouch Jr. walked in"Well, well. We found more than we thought we would. I must say Carina we didn't except to see you here. I'm surprised my cousin actually let you leave the house" Bellatrix laughed at Carina"What are you all doing here? I would have thought you had been thrown into Azkaban by now?" Frank was trying to work out what they wanted."We have our reasons, but first things first. I know Carina doesn't know anything" Carina gulped, she knew what was going happen"Avada Kedavra" All Carina saw was green and some screaming before everything went blank.Meanwhile in the other room Cassie had just hidden underneath a bed. Cassie saw a green light coming from underneath the crack in the door and a scream, a little while later it was when the screaming started; when it didn't stop Cassie started crying.Back at home Remus was pacing in the living room waiting for either Carina or Sirius to return. There was a knock at the front that pulled him out of his train of thought. When he answered the door he was shocked to find three Aurors at the door, Alastor Moody, Michael Davies and Amelia Bones."Hello Remus, is Carina around?" Moody was the one to speak."No she is at the Longbottom's trying to find Sirius. Why what's going?" Remus invited the three of them inside and leads them to the living room."We know you have heard by now the news of what happened at the Potter residence and we are sorry for your loss. But what we haven't released to public knowledge yet was that Sirius was in fact the traitor that was handing over information to Voldemort; we now know this because it has come to our attention the Potter's used a Fidelius Charm and Sirius was their secret keeper. He has been in hiding since Halloween, this morning Peter had a run in with Sirius. They got into a big argument before Sirius blew up the street killing 12 muggles as well as Peter. We're sorry to be the ones to tell you this Remus." They all gave Remus a few minutes of silence while he realised what all this meant."Sirius wouldn't do that, there must be some explanation. He loved James like a brother and Harry was his Godson." Remus couldn't believe what he was just told."I'm sorry Remus but it is true. Now we must go and find Carina. You said she was at the Longbottom's?" Moody stood up and the others followed."Wait let me come with you. See has Cassie with her. I know Carina wouldn't want Cassie in the same room when she hears this. I will be able to distract her." Remus followed the others outside before Apparating to the Longbottom's.When they arrived at the Longbottom's they were met with screams coming from inside the house. They all looked at each before taking the defensive. Remus was instantly worried about Cassie's safety.When they finally entered the house they found Bellatrix, Rodolphus and Rabastan Lestrange and Barty Crouch Jr. torturing Frank and Alice Longbottom while Carina was lying on the floor either unconscious or dead, they weren't too sure which was the case at moment. They all started duelling with a Death Eater each.Once all they were all unconscious Remus let the Aurors do their job while he checked Carina. When it was determined that she was dead he began running around trying to find Cassie. He kept calling her name but wasn't anything in reply. He started checking all the rooms; it wasn't until he reached the final bedroom that when he opened the door he heard noise from underneath the bed. He walked over to the bed and got on the ground so he could look underneath."Cassie? Cassie please come out. It is safe. It is me Uncle Moony." Remus couldn't see Cassie's face but she noticed that she was shaking horribly and had white hair that completely shocked him. Cassie finally lifted her head. Remus could see the tears running down her face."Uncle Moony?" Remus could hear the uncertainty in her voice."Yes. Please come out, I promise to keep you safe." Cassie finally crawled out from underneath the bed and attached herself to him."Has the.." hic "..Screaming finally stopped?""Oh Cassie. I'm sorry you had to hear that but yes it has stopped. Now listen we need to talk before we can go home. It is about your mummy." Cassie had stopped crying but still had the hiccups."I want mummy and daddy. Where's daddy? Has he come home yet?" Remus was dreading telling his innocent goddaughter what had happened today, on her birthday of all days."Well the thing is daddy went missing a few days ago. This afternoon your mummy brought you here to find him. But the thing is this morning he was found, but because he did something naughty they had to take him away for a long time." It was then that Remus noticed that Cassie's hair was changing from white to a dull blue; he thought to himself it was interesting and he would have to keep an eye on this and talk to Andy."So daddy isn't coming home? Is mummy mad at him?""No daddy isn't coming home. What happened when you got here with mummy?" Remus really didn't want to break her heart but had no choice."There was a loud bang and mummy told me to hide and not come out until it was someone I knew." Remus gave a sigh of relief, at least Carina did something smart."Yes it was bad people that made the noise. They weren't welcome here and that is why mummy told you to hide. When the bad people broke in. they hurt your mummy as well as Aunty Ali and Uncle Frank. But your mummy was hurt the most. She isn't waking up. Cassie, sweet heart, your mummy is dead." Remus' heart broke noticing the look at Cassie's face when she realised what this meant. Cassie's hair began changing colours between white, bright red and the dull blue Remus had noticed before. Remus then realised it was linked to her emotions; Cassie couldn't decide what she felt about all this.Remus sat there on the bed with a crying Cassie in arms for a while when he noticed a silver bull entered the bedroom. It relayed a message in Moody's voice."We have finished in other room. It is safe for you to come out and leave. We suggest going home for now and we will be in touch.""Come on Cassie it's time to go home. If we're lucky we might get a visit from Aunty Andy, Uncle Ted and Dora" Cassie tried to smile at Remus but couldn't quiet mange it.The next day Remus was sitting in the kitchen talking with Andy trying to work out what to do with this situation while Dora was playing with Cassie in the other room."Andy, what made you sure that Dora was a Metamorphmagus?""I think it was the hair that gave it away. Every day for a week straight we would wake up and find she had different coloured hair the day previously. Why?""I think Cassie might be one. Yesterday when I had to tell her about Carina and Sirius her hair kept changing colour, when I first found her it was pure white. It seemed as though it was changing along with her emotions.""That is interesting; we will just watch her and see what happens. Maybe it is just linked to her emotions and she can't change anything at will. But back to the problem at hand what are we going to do with her? I know you were made godfather but I know you can't watch her all the time with your condition, I don't even know if you will custody because of the condition.""Yes I know this and given that Lily was Cassie's godmother that only leaves one other option.""Which is what Remus?""We were talking about this a couple of weeks ago but they never had the chance to put it in the will as of yet. We were talking about placing Cassie with you. I can visit her regularly if you allow it I can take her for a few days half way between moons""I will have to speak to both Ted and Dora but that does seem like the best situation for Cassie and at least having family in her life will make this much easier on her. I don't know how she is coping with the loss of her parents. Actually how are you coping with everything?"They then continued talking about Remus was coping with losing his friends and family while also sorting out the details of how the living situation would work.A few days later it the Tonks family was sitting in the living room with Remus and Cassie. Remus was trying to Cassie's attention"Cassie" Nothing. "Cassie" Nothing again. "CASSIOPEIA!""Yes uncle Moony?" Cassie just looked at her uncle with innocent eyes. He was glad to see that her hair had returned to its normal colour once more."Why weren't you answering me when I was calling you?""Because only mummy and daddy can call me Cassie, but since they aren't here no one else can." No one said anything as they realised that was happening."Can we call you Cass?" it was Dora that asked about the new nickname."Yes Dora that is fine" Cass went back to her toys before they tried getting her attention."Cass, how would you feel about living with Andy, Ted and Dora?" Remus sat down next to his goddaughter."I won't be living with you" Cass looked at Remus"No, do you remember that once a month I have to go away?""Yes""Well because of that reason the Ministry won't let you live with me all the time. But if you live with them I will visit you all the time""Do you promise?""Of course Cass, I promise I won't leave you, I will be there whenever you need me" Remus picked Cass up and hugged her."Okay, can I share a room with Dora?" Cass smiled at the adults while Dora groaned."I'm sure we can work something out Cass" Andy smiled at her.December 2nd 1984Cass had locked herself in her room after another attempt from Moony to get her to talk to them. Moony believed that Cass needed to talk to someone about what she remembered. Everyone had been walking around on eggshells around Cass for the past two years. Whenever they tried to celebrate her birthday she would throw a fit and spend the day in her room. Cass would accept the presents but she wouldn't let them say anything about a happy birthday if they did she would end up yelling at them saying it wouldn't be a happy birthday with a dead mother and a father locked in Azkaban."Come on Cass. Please come out we need to talk about this." Remus leaned his head against the door, he was sick of having the same argument with her"No, I'm staying in here. I know what happened and it was all his fault!" Remus knew Cass wasn't referring to the people that had killed her mother but her father. She blamed him for her death. She believed that if he had come home she wouldn't have been at the Longbottom's."Come on. You know what today is. We're going to St Mungo's." Remus hoped this would get her to open her door.Cass had opened her door after a few minutes. "Fine"Later that afternoon Remus was walking into St Mungo's holding Cass' hand."Come on Uncle Moony, Nev will be waiting for us" Remus was pulled along by Cass while she was looking for the right door. She stopped in front of the right door and looked up at Moony with tears in her eyes."Come on Cass it will be alright. It has been alright the past 2 years" Remus opened the door and lead Cass inside.When Cass walked inside and she noticed Neville was in there."Hey Neville, where's nan?""She stepped out of the room, I didn't know you come here""Yeah sometimes it helps"They didn't say much else after that they just sat there on the couch next to each other comforting them. When it was time for Cass to leave Neville looked at her."Wait, Cass please don't leave. I liked having you here""Neville, I have too. But I promise I will come back. How about this, today is December 2nd. If I don't see you before this date next year I promise I will come back then. If you want I will always come back on December 2nd to be here for you and you can be here for me. How does that sound?""I like the idea" Neville smiled at Cass"Bye Neville" Cass smiledJuly 15th 1985Cass was wondering around the house looking for Dora, but Dora was nowhere to be found. Cass was getting a little annoyed at her cousin. They were currently playing hide and seek and Dora was too good as this game. Cass finally decided to check Dora's room. When she walked she started looking around, it was when she noticed the pile of parchments on Dora's desk that she completely forgot what she was doing, she couldn't make sense of it but she knew they were from Charlie."DORA I HAVE CHARLIE'S LOVE LETTERS! DORA AND CHARLIE SITTING IN A TREE K-I-S-S-I-N-G! WHAT WILL UNCLE TED AND AUNTY ANDY SAY KNOWING YOUVE BEEN KISSING BOYS DORA! Cass was running around the house yelling anything that came to mind.Andy and Ted were both currently at work and Remus was babysitting Cass and Dora, he was currently sitting in the kitchen listening to what Cass was yelling about just shaking his head. He knew Dora will come storming out any minute but until there he knew it will be interesting."CASS YOU COME BACK HERE THIS INSTANT!" Dora then started chasing Cass around the house."BUT DORA THAT'S NOT HOW YOU PLAY HIDE AND SEEK" Cass stopped on one side of the couch while Dora was on the other."Dora, you have red hair" Cass giggled at her cousin knowing full well she was angry."Yes well you have hot pink hair...wait you have hot pink hair." Dora just stared at her cousin. Cass took this opportunity to take off towards the kitchen still giggling."CASS COME BACK HERE. I JUST WANT TO TALK.""NO DORA YOUR LYING" Cass run into the kitchen and skidded to a stop when she noticed Remus standing there."Hi Uncle Moony" Cass had a big smile on her face."Hello Cass. Are you annoying Dora again?""Of course not. I'm just having fun" it was then that Dora entered the room."Moony, her hair is hot pink. Have you the colour before?" They were all still baffled by Cass' changing hair colour, they were used to it by now but it was when she showed new colours they had to try and figure it out. Dora's hair changed colour with her emotions as well, but it was mainly when she was angry or annoyed at something."No I haven't but by guessing what she is doing, I'd say it's because she's being cheeky." Cass just sat at the kitchen counter with the letters in front of her."DO YOU STILL HAVE MY LETTERS?" Dora's hair went red again."You know Dora, you're red hair doesn't scare me.""Now Cass, I believe you have something that belongs to Dora, and why were you yelling what you did all around the house about her and Charlie?""Oh that, well I couldn't find her. I thought this would bring her out. I was bored" Cass handed the letters to Dora."You were bored?""Yes, I'm sorry" Cass made her eyes go wide and she pouted her lips giving Remus her best puppy dog face"Now Cass, you know you're not allowed in Dora's room without her permission. What if you had broken something?""I said I was sorry" Cass was looking at the ground"I know you are, but sometimes you forget why we have rules. Now why don't you go play with your toys in the other room while I talk with Dora.""Okay Moony" Cass instantly had a smile on her face and left the room."Moony, you're too easy on her.""I know but that's not the point. About these letters""There's nothing happening. I don't think Cass actually read enough to know, I think all she knew was that they were from Charlie.""I think your right Dora. Do I have to tell your parents about what happened today?""No it will be fine. I missed Cass while I was at Hogwarts. Yes she can be annoying and cheeky at times but I love her none the less""Yes I agree, sometimes she is a handful but that would be the Marauder's blood in her." Remus laughed along with Dora
