Summary : This is Draco's story, and who could his one true, real love be? Guess.Disclaimer : I don't own HP, although I wish I owned Draco and Hermione, but I don't. Plot : inspired by many Dramione drabbles. But it's told from Draco's PoV. DMHG!It was Draco's 11th birthday. He just got the letter from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The Malfoys were having a big celebration for his birthday. The whole Manor was especially decorated for him, by his family's House-Elves."My boy's 11 today." Narcissa said, with tears in her eyes."Mother, I'm a big boy now. And I just got my letter from Hogwarts." He said with excitement in his juvenile eyes."Yes Draco. You got your letter from Hogwarts, but I don't approve of you going there, I want to send you to Durmstrang Institute, where they don't allow such filth in their school.""But Lucius, my Dragon would be so far away if you did that, please don't, for me, so I could be near him, and I could care for him as a Mother.""You can just Floo or Apparate there, it's no real issue." said Lucius Malfoy, with resolution in his voice, that just won't be swayed by Draco's Mother's plea."No I can't, it's illegal if it's crossing borders, and Durmstrang is in Bulgaria. What if he didn't like the Bulgarian foods and everything else?" His Mother was truly concerned about his well-being, Draco could feel it in her voice. She has learned, as a married Malfoy, to no show any emotions, but she was a lady, and a mother who cared for her son, whereas, Lucius Malfoy, did care about his son too, but didn't dote on him like Narcissa did, with their son. And that was part of why Lucius and Narcissa often had fights on: how to bring up their only son. Lucius truly thought he did the best as he could for him : providing for him and bringing him up as a Pure-blooded Wizard. But his Mother wanted him to judge things for himself, to not be clouded by her husbands' opinions on things. But alas, it was impossible for his Mother to go against his Fathers' wishes, or else she would get black eyes sometimes if she did hold onto her opinion in the matter for too long.And for Draco, 11 was when he didn't have to worry about his Father and Mother's fights about him. He was, after all, only a little kid still, but growing into a teenage boy. And his Father never asked him about his opinions, whether or not he wanted to go to Durmstrang or to Hogwarts. But he always heard his Father go on about how filthy Hogwarts was, with all it's Muggle-borns, even giants and other creatures such like Centaurs as teachers. Hogwarts he thought, was a place that accepted everyone and Durmstrang, was only for special Pure-Bloods like him.But, as Narcissa was firmly against him going to Durmstrang, saying it was too far away for her to get information about how he was and everything, Lucius finally accepted that he went to Hogwarts, and not Durmstrang, under Narcissa's insistence."Well, it's decided, son, you'd go to Hogwarts, only mind you never talk to Muggle-filths, and do not sully the Purity of Blood in you. Don't you disgrace me by befriending Mudbloods and blood traitors once there."But Draco had enough about his Father's prejudices against Muggle-borns and everything else. As he was already quite observant enough for his tender age of 11, and so he concluded to himself, after it was decided he would go to Hogwarts."Just how far would Father go about blood purity? Would he kill all the Muggle-borns in the world to satisfy him like the Dark Lord?"But he didn't dare to question his Father's actions openly, so he kept it largely to himself. And when he really couldn't hold it anymore, he would have talks with his Mother in the evenings about it. His Mother, although in the exterior, was a cold-hearted woman, and hated on Muggle-borns, and even called them Muggle-filths in public, he knew, deep down in her feminine heart, she didn't mind about the blood purity thing as much as his Father did. And he found her to be much more open-minded about his ideas about them. And so that was how Mother and son found solace and help in each other, when Lucius would just punish either for speaking their honest mind.Draco, impatient about going to Hogwarts, practiced minor spells such as "Lumos", with his wand. His wand was a gift from his Father's, for his 11th birthday. He still had about two months before school started. It wasn't illegal to do magic in the Wizarding World, and as there were no Muggles around the Malfoy Manor, there wasn't any risk for any of them to catch him doing spells with his wand. If Draco lived in a Muggle borough like The-boy-who-lived, he would have been fined for doing magic illegally, because there was a chance Muggles would see him. But there were none in his area, so he did magic to his heart's content. He already was taught by his father some spells the first years studied at Hogwarts, so he practiced them on objects and such to occupy his free time.Finally, one day, Lucius was home and Narcissa too, and he was bored ouf of his mind, and so they brought him to Diagon Alley to buy his school supplies and robes for school. Draco was so hyper-excited that he couldn't sleep the night before. He was in Madam Malkin's Robes for all Occasions, and his Father was there with him. As he was so sure he would be in Slytherin, Lucius bought him some silver and green robes. And then, he saw a boy with a strange lightning scar on his forehead trying to find his robes as well and he was accompanied by a giant. He was just getting acquainted with the boy, by making an uncharitable speech about giants and how he as a Wizard, shouldn't be with one, and as his blabbing to him turned to how Muggle-borns weren't Wizards and Witches, he didn't notice the boy wasn't impressed by him and his Father was just done with paying and said :"Draco, all right, if you found everything, let's go get your school supplies." Draco complied and didn't have more time for the boy with a giant in the uniforms' shop.And Draco got everything he needed for Hogwarts, it was finally time for him to go on platform 9 and 3/4 and to be on the Hogwarts' Express after a farewell session with his parents."Draco, write to me when you can." said his Mother, almost crying."Narcissa, you stop that." Lucius told his emotional wife."I will Mother, see you in the Summer, Father.""Goodbye, son."As they waved good-bye to each other, Draco saw the boy with a scar again. But this time he was already with the Weasleys, in a random compartment on the train. He heard his name was Potter. "Is he really the Harry Potter? I must go and say hi to him." In truth, he was anxious to meet him, just like everybody else in the Wizarding world, and even somewhat admired him. And his Father expressly ordered him to make friends with The-Boy-who-lived."Potter, I see you already chose the losing side. Weasley, my god, your hair's even more red as they said. And what, Potter has to buy foods for you because you're too poor." He sneered at Ronald Weasley."Get away, Malfoy!" said Ron, who disliked him instantly. The Weasleys, he heard from his Father's mouth, were the biggest blood traitors ever and the Death-Eaters and the Dark Lord, when his Father was meeting them, were always deriding them and laughing at them for being too Muggle-loving."My name's Draco." He ignored Weasley's snorting and extended his hand to Potter. But Potter didn't take it."I can choose my own friends, thank you very much. And you aren't one of them. Now please leave." And he left curtly, not saying another word to either of them, pride and ego hurt.From that moment on, for him, Potter would be "scarehead" for him and Weasley would be "the Weasel." And later on, he knew they befriended Hermione Granger, a Muggle-Filth, after saving her from a Mountain Troll in the dungeons and this was a mystery as to who let him in Hogwarts. He warned both the Weasel and Scarhead, she would be the first to be attacked by the Mountain Troll, as she was Muggle-filth and unfit to be in Hogwarts. But no, the Golden Duo, if they found her annoying at first, had to befriend her, much to his dismay, and thus included her in their Trio and she was, always their brains.And then of course, Pothead was made the youngest seeker ever on the Gryffindor's Quidditch team. And even though, he called Hermione Granger a Mudblood, numerous times, he couldn't help but being attracted to her at first sight. And he could never get enough of her chocolate brown hair and warm brown eyes. But the only way for him to get close to her, was to be mean to her and call her a "Mudblood". He had no other way and he wasn't free to express his real feelings for her because he was a Malfoy and a Pure-blood. And so he hid it underneath his spiteful insults and his name-calling all year long. He did it so successfully, that Hermione really believed he thought she was beneath him. When in reality, he thought she was more than his equal, even though she was a Muggle-born. And he called her Mudblood to please his Father only, or else he would get beatings for it when he was at home for vacations and whatnot."Oh how much she would laugh, if she knew about my kiddish crush on her. And what's wrong with me? Crushing on a Mudblood? If Father knew, he'd beat me and Mother to death." And so he always complained to his parents about her getting better marks than he, a Pure-blood in every class. In his letters to them, he tried to sound as angry as possible. But in truth, he was amused by Granger's determination to not be defeated by him.And as he watched the Golden Trio's friendship grow, he competed with them as intensely as he could. With the Mudblood, he competed with her to get top marks in every subject in school, and with Pothead because he rejected his friendship, he always made fun of his scar, mimicking it being hurt with his Slytherin"friends" and with the Weasel, he never failed to remind him how poor he was and how much of a "blood traitor" their whole family was. But alas, when Professor Quirrell had been found to be Voldemort's servant and he was the one who sneaked in the Troll, and thus fired at the end of the year, Gryffindor won the Quidditch Cup and the inter-House Championship. And this aroused more his determination to win the House-cup for Slytherin, and to see the Gryffindors' defeated faces.
