Hi all! This is my second fanfic! I hope you like it.Harry Potter and the Dragon-wolves GangChapter 1: Welcome to The AurorsIt wasn't a usual day for Harry Potter. Cloudy London could be seen trough Grimauld place 12's windows and it was morning. Harry's hair just could not be straight. Every hair was going to it's own side. Then Harry heard a soft, beautiful voice and believed that no voice more beautiful then it.Harry, your meeting", said the calm voice.Harry turned in his white bed and saw Ginny Weasley with her beautiful ginger hair, just awakened.I'm gonna make us breakfast", said Ginny. Pronto"She stood up and Harry completely woke up also.Wait...", said Harry. What meeting?"Meeting at nine o' clock, darling", said Ginny.Where?"At the Aurors office for God's sake, Harry!"Sorry", said Harry, still a little dizzy and sleepy.He stood up and put on some nice and formal clothes. He put on his favorite red tie, because it made him remember his years at Hogwarts. He was 20 years old and still kind of same. But, he also changed a lot. He stayed good friends with people he was friends before.After Harry's dressing, breakfast was already on the table. He saw delicious bacon and eggs, scrambled, his favorite.Made it with my whole heart", said Ginny and sat down to eat, dressed very properly.Where are you going?", asked Harry, still amazed by her beauty.Oh, I'm going to brunch with Ron and Hermione. You can join us later", answered Ginny.Where?"To 'Dan's Coffee and Brunch'. Harry, what is going on, why are you so curious?"Oh, nothing"Oh, come on, why would I cheat on you? The Boy Who Lived"Yeah", said Harry. Time to go. Bye!"Harry stood up and kissed Ginny.Bye!", he said and opened the door. He came out. He sometimes worried Ginny. She was always worried about him. He was so reccless. He wanted to go to Aurors. That's a hard job. It's great payed, but many people die on the line of duty. She was really worried about his decicions sometimes.Later at the Ministry of Magic.Harry came in to the Auror's office. There were some big changes in the Ministry since 1997.A guard was there.Mr. Potter! We've been expecting you! Mrs. Phoenix, it's Potter! Harry Potter!", he said.Bring him in", said a female voice.The guard let Harry in and he soon saw the Head of Office room. He entered.Hello, I'm Har...", said Harry but was interrupted by a woman which kept her legs on her desk. She suddenly put them down.I know, I know, Potter! Sit down, I don't have much time!", she said. It was a young woman probably 25 or something older. She had black hair. She was white. She was angry. She was a boss. She was the Head of Aurors.So?", she said. What are you waiting for!? An invitation? Sit down!"Harry sits down.Here's my files. You know, my O. and everything else", he said and gave her the folder.Mrs Phoenix takes the folder and starts reading it a little bit.Well, mr. Potter... Welcome to the Aurors! Come on let's go to a tour of the Office"Thanks", said Harry.They both stood up and went out of the Office.At Dan's Coffee and Brunch.Ginny comes in and sees Ron, Hermione and Neville sitting by a table. She happily looked at them and sat down by Neville.Hi everybody! What's Neville doing here?", asked Ginny.I came back from Hogwarts. McGonnagal accepted me as a Herbology teacher", said Neville.That's wonderful news, Neville!", said Ginny happy.Where's Harry?", asked Ron.Yeah really, where is he?", asked Hermione.He's becoming an Auror", said Ginny.Great!", said Hermione. I'm so proud of him and myself"Why yourself?", asked Ron.Well he learend much from me", said Hermione proud.Ginny's new phone rings.Oh, that's him!", she said and picked up.Next chapter coming soon. How did you like it?
