This story was written for the HP Mental Health Fest over on LJ. The mental health issues this story deals with are anxiety and depression. Thank you to kanames_harisen for the beta job; she did wonderfully :)This story is complete, and will be posted as I complete minor edits to the chapters, meaning if you read this during the fest, some parts might be a little different.Disclaimer: Harry Potter characters are the property of J.K. Rowling and Bloomsbury/Scholastic. No profit is being made, and no copyright infringement is intended.Warnings: This story is a parallel narrative to the novels/films that presents Hermione's time at Hogwarts, which allows me to weave in some minor D/Hr moments, and also means that some moments that were significant in the novels/films are not significant here, and some significant moments may be glossed over and simplified. Also, we're assuming that Muggle-borns are something of a commodity, and that the racism Hermione faces is quite a bit worse than what is presented in the novels/films. Content wise, centers depression and anxiety and leans more towards the conditions themselves, then ends with hints at future treatment. Also, the characters, to fit the story and the prompt, are quite OOC, but I've tried to weave in most of the character traits from the books. Story is also canon through to DH, but EWE, with the biggest canon change being that there was no romance or crushes between Ron and Hermione. Ever.When Hermione Granger received her Hogwarts letter, her initial reaction had been one of shock and utter disbelief. Surely the tall, austere Scottish woman was having her on. A witch? Hermione had never heard anything more ludicrous in her life.After all, what sort of world would she be living in where basics taught to children the world over were thrown out the window without a care, to make room for magic, no less? The idea of it was absurd, and Hermione had told the odd woman as much. The woman, Professor Minerva McGonagall, as it had transpired, simply gave a small, tight smile, and withdrew a long stick from the pocket of her strange robes. A wand, she had said, the primary tool of any witch or wizard.At Hermione's scoff of disbelief and her parents' dubious glares, McGonagall waved her wand and turned the Grangers' mahogany coffee table into a pony and back again. To further reiterate her point, she then made the television float in mid-air, made the colour of their carpet change at random, and switched the clothing her parents were wearing, the difference in sizes dutifully accounted for. Hermione's jaw dropped, her father fell to his armchair, ruffling his floral skirt as he did so, and her mother fell to the floor in a dead faint. Hermione didn't feel much like she could question anything after that, though she supposed it went a long way to explaining the odd things that had happened around her as young child.It was with shaking hands that Hermione finally took the letter from McGonagall. She read the first sentence over and over, but the words would not sink in.It is with great pleasure that we inform you that you have been accepted into Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.Hermione's blood ran cold with dread at the prettily inked words. While her grades in school were certainly above average, how on earth was she meant to keep up with a class of students who had a lifetime of experience in all things magic where she had none? She didn't know anything about magic! She would have denied its existence to the letter and argued rationality and logic in the face of anyone who dared to contradict her not even five minutes ago!She looked up at the strange, older woman with wide, uncertain eyes. "I'm a witch? A real witch?"McGonagall nodded. "A Muggle-born witch," she confirmed, sounding almost proud. "You are really quite extraordinary, Miss Granger; witches and wizards born from Muggle parentage are quite rare.""Well, what do I do now?" Hermione asked in a small voice. She turned over the paper and found her book and equipment list. She gaped at the list of obscure titles. "Where do I get all these books? Standard Book of Spells: Grade One? Introductory Potions? I doubt very much that any of these titles would be available at Waterstones.""Indeed, they are not." McGonagall regarded her with a small, knowing smile. "There is much to show you, Miss Granger."Oh yes, there certainly was.Diagon Alley felt otherworldly to her. Magic was so common, a perfectly normal, everyday occurrence. It was so difficult to fathom this entirely new world working in perfect tandem with the other. How was it possible that such a place could exist without the rest of the world knowing?Her parents drank in the sights with wide eyes and slack jaws; whatever Hermione had been feeling, she knew her parents were most likely having far more trouble reconciling this world with theirs than she was. After all, at eleven, nearly twelve years old, Hermione was nothing if not adaptable, but both Dr. Grangers had been walking this earth for forty-three years each. The mere existence of this place probably turned their entire working understanding of the world at large on its head.The first upside that she would happily acknowledge was the bookstore. While it held none of her favourite authors like Austen or Dickens, she was certain that she would never be left wanting. There was a title for every topic imaginable, ranging from the various magical remedies for different skin ailments to the care and breeding of domesticated manticore. Hermione had taken one look at that particular title and its moving cover photograph and cringed, thinking that anyone who believed that a manticore could be domesticated was severely lacking in the head.Her absolute favourite part of the day, however, had been the visit to Ollivanders for her wand. It felt like she had tried half the wands in the shop  destroying windows, vases, a desk and a cash register in her quest  before she found her match; vine wood, dragon heartstring core, ten and three-quarter inches, embellished with a pretty vine pattern along the handle. The moment she had grasped that wand in her hand, it felt as though a rush of something warm and electric had shot from somewhere deep within her to her fingertips and, all of a sudden, a beautiful cascade of red and gold sparkles had flown forth from the tip.They capped off the day in a manner perfectly befitting it - with ice cream. Florean Fortescue had every flavour imaginable in his little shop. It was there that, over Hermione's massively elaborate banana split and her parent's small dishes of vanilla, McGonagall had deigned to warn Hermione of the bigotry that abounded in the Wizarding world."The majority of this world is firmly rooted in archaic, pure-blood tradition," she had warned them in a low, wary tone, as though she believed that those sitting around them might be listening. "Stupidly, of course," she reassured her horrified parents. "I don't know how we expect to advance if we remain so entrenched in the past. Some Muggle-borns find it difficult to adjust to such conditions.""What are you suggesting, Professor?" Hermione's mother, Eleanor, had asked.McGonagall sighed, pushing the thin wire frames of her glasses further up her nose. "Only that I hope your daughter is as strong as she appears.""And if she isn't?" her father, Michael, interjected sharply."She can speak just fine for herself, you know," Hermione muttered around a mouthful of banana.McGonagall squared her shoulders and drew herself up, looking the very potentate of authority. "Then rest assured, I will assist her in any way possible."When they returned home from Diagon Alley, Hermione shut herself in her room and pored over her new books. She drank in titles like Hogwarts: A History and A History of Magic, wanting to know everything there was to know about this strange new world opening up to her. She read her new textbooks front and back, memorising the incantations and learning the required wand movements with a length of bamboo taken from the trussing of her mother's tomato plants.Excitement began to bubble inside her as time crawled closer to the beginning of term. She was certain she hadn't gotten a wink of sleep the night of August 31st, more content to pack her trunk, then decide it needed rearranging, then pack it again. The wonder that came with handling all her new things, like her cauldron and her potions scales, was no less significant now than it had been when she had made the purchases. Even her well-read and worn copy of The Daily Prophet, with its cramped articles, topsy-turvy headlines and fascinating moving pictures, still invited temptation to stare.Platform 9  had been an ordeal. Hermione had hidden behind a pillar and watched as family after family barreled headlong into the divide between platforms nine and ten. Her parents saw nothing; Hermione deduced that there must have been some sort of charm on the portal to keep the non-magic folk from seeing. It had taken quite a bit of convincing to persuade her parents to follow her. Her mother grasped her hand while her father pushed her trolley, and together they squeezed their eyes shut and broke out into a sprint towards the wall. It felt like walking through a wind tunnel, and they emerged on the other side to the bustle of countless other children and their families.The Hogwarts Express was a long, scarlet steam engine that wound around the tracks like a snake. It let out high-pitched whistles as loud as screams that droned out the hundreds, possibly even thousands of other conversations happening around them. In that moment though, Hermione was only aware of her mother holding her tight, her father running a soothing hand through her mass of curls, and the streaks of hot tears that ran down her cheeks."I'll write every day," Hermione sobbed into her mother's neck. "I promise!"Her mother whispered comforting words into her ear and rubbed a hand up and down her back. "We'll miss you too, love.""If you ever want to come home" Her father let the sentence trail off, looking down at her meaningfully.Hermione pulled out of her mothers' arms and rubbed her reddened eyes, shaking her head stubbornly as she did so. "I won't, but I know; I'll write home right away." She turned and stared at the train. "I guess I should hop on now," she said in a small voice.Her parents helped her take her bags aboard, and with a final hug and kiss from them both, they left her without them for the first time in her life, on a train headed to a magical boarding school in Scotland. She shook her head and giggled at the absurdity of that thought, regardless of its accuracy.The first person she met on the train was a round-faced, friendly looking boy named Neville Longbottom. He had been sitting alone in a cabin with a large toad perched upon his knee. He chatted to her at length over the journey, talking about his stern grandmother, how for the longest time he didn't think he'd even get into Hogwarts since his first incident of accidental magic had only occurred the year before, and how nervous he was to be beginning his schooling at Hogwarts, as he had very little confidence in his magical abilities. Hermione was delighted to have made a friend so soon, and one that she could relate to, too! She even agreed to help him find his pet toad, Trevor, when he went missing some time later.The first thing she saw on exiting the train when it pulled up at what she was told by Neville was Hogsmeade Station, was the largest, hairiest man she had ever seen in her life. He boomed loudly for the first year students to follow him, and he led them to a series of small boats on a flat, black lake, the sliver of moon in the sky reflected perfectly in its glassy surface. They were apparently charmed to take them up to the castle as the oars moved through the water of their own accord, slow, steady and rhythmic.The Hogwarts castle was doubtlessly the most splendid structure she had ever seen with her own eyes; it was like the castles in all her favourite medieval novels come to life. The high spires, tall towers and rustic stones immediately evoked images in her of fire-breathing dragons guarding immense treasures, of trapped princesses and valiant princes, of powerful kings and queens holding over courts, and of foolhardy, yet brave knights and men on quests to vanquish evil.The interior was just as impressive, all long, winding corridors, huge framed portraits that actually greeted them as they walked, high enchanted ceilings that showed the outside sky and a path throughout aided by firelight; she supposed she had never really considered whether or not a magical school would use Muggle things like electricity, but the lit torches that lined the hallway from their sconces made the cavernous school far more atmospheric than anything fluorescent would have.The Sorting Ceremony was odd to watch from the perspective of someone who had never experienced it, or even heard of it. Children were called forth and guided to sit upon a little stool at the front of the hall, and an old, wizened hat was placed upon their heads. Sometimes the hat could take upwards of ten minutes to Sort a person, other times it barely had to hit their head at all.She wasn't sure what to expect when she had finally been called forth. She inched her way closer to the stool, sat down and, with an encouraging quirk of the lips from McGonagall, the hat suddenly covered her head. She had to keep herself from jumping into the air when the hat actually began to whisper in her ear, and from its little mutterings, it seemed to very seriously consider her suitability for all four houses. It spoke of her ambition and determination, her intelligence and quiet nature, her loyalty and kindness, and her bravery and fortitude. She had to admit, she was rather surprised to have been Sorted a Gryffindor in the end. From what she had read about the other houses, Hermione had felt certain she would be Sorted a Ravenclaw.The Gryffindors were a warm and friendly bunch. As she moved to sit at the long table, followed by a proud smile from McGonagall, she was met with handshakes and welcomes aplenty. She clapped along with them as each new student was added to the house.Her first night in the castle was spent hunched over her new books under her blankets. One of the prefects showed her how to cast a Lumos charm so she'd be able to read at night without disturbing her dorm-mates, a tittering group of girls whose conversations took so many turns Hermione barely knew what they were talking about. They seemed nice enough, Hermione supposed, and polite, too, but it was obvious from the first awkward five minutes spent in their presence that the likelihood of friendship blossoming between them would be rather low.Her first day of classes was a nerve-wracking affair. Her first lesson was Potions, a branch of magic which didn't really differ greatly from Muggle chemistry. It was also a lesson shared with the Slytherins. She was paired up with Neville, and with their combined nervousness and his fear, they were the butt of many a joke."A Squib and a Mudblood!" a nameless Slytherin had hissed lowly from the bench behind them. "What in Merlin's name was Snape thinking when he paired the two of you up? Surely not that he'd still have a classroom to teach in by the end of the day!"She heard the word 'Mudblood' daily, sometimes more so. She didn't know what it meant, but she assumed it was an insult of some sort, as it was always said with scorn and fervor, and not always by the Slytherins as she might have guessed. At least a quarter of the time it was said by haughty looking Ravenclaws, and the occasional 'holier-than-thou' Hufflepuff, too. It was usually accompanied by a sneer and a look of utter contempt that served to make her feel so incredibly small. Thankfully, Gryffindor House didn't appear to deal in the same sort of pure-blood vitriol as the others.She wasn't sure she liked the word 'Muggle' either. For a general descriptor of 'those without magic', it was always said in such a derisive, condescending tone: "You're Muggle? How very quaint." For a world that felt so very advanced, the prolific racism that abounded, especially amongst children, shocked her. She hated the stares she received from people who told her what a bright and accomplished witch she was, only to have them immediately change their minds when they found out what sort of blood she carried.Charms and Transfiguration came slightly more easily than the other subjects, and she liked to think she did rather well at it. Hermione put this down to her innocent wonder of what she was witnessing, and the joy she felt to be the cause. There was little to contain the childlike glee that had welled up in her the first time she had successfully levitated a feather, regardless of the fact that she had first successfully accomplished that feat at five o'clock in the morning after spending almost the entirety of the previous evening in a near perpetual, not to mention frustrating, state of trial and error. As it turned out, waving a piece of bamboo and reading an incantation from a book without truly knowing if the movements or pronunciation was correct was not a particularly conducive method to learning magic.It wasn't an entirely uncommon occurrence for Hermione to fall asleep in the library, to be found by Madam Pince early the following morning. Nights spent studying in the depths of the library were the norm, and the notion of sleeping in her own bed became a distant memory. She often saw her fellow Muggle-born student, Justin Finch-Fletchley, having his own marathon study sessions, too. Sometimes she would join him, but not always.She was teased regularly for her dedication and her presumed nerdish tendencies, and was known to most of her housemates as the resident 'bookworm'. But what choice did a Muggle-born have but to study with such fervor? She walked into every lesson blind, and as soon as she had mastered one thing, another three things took its place. And with that came the myriad of doubters who had no qualms whatsoever in telling her that perhaps she didn't quite belong at Hogwarts if she couldn't keep up with the workload.The first Halloween in Hogwarts had been torturous, a culmination of little thing upon little thing until everything exploded, and Hermione wasn't sure she could take it anymore. All at once, everything began to fall apart, that stupid git Ronald Weasley and his stupid, thoughtless comments being the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back.Hours she spent in tears in the girls' bathroom that day. Hours cursing her classmates for their innate magical abilities that they didn't have to work half as hard as her to hone. Hours lamenting the fact that she was pants at making friends for herself. Hours wishing she could just forget everything she had seen and go home, back to her parents and her little Muggle primary school. She emerged from the stall, all out of tears to cry, wanting terribly to write a letter to her parents begging them to let her come home, only to find herself standing face-to-face with a hideous, grey-skinned troll.But then, something wonderful happened.It was laughable to her Muggle sensibilities that a troll was responsible for the greatest turnaround in her life at Hogwarts thus far. For a time, Harry Potter and Ronald Weasley were the lights in what she had otherwise thought to be a dark and dreary world for her. Despite their seemingly pathological aversion to anything even remotely sane, safe or rational, she finally felt as though she belonged when she was with them. With them, the teasing was a gentle ribbing, never intended to offend or mock, but to have her laugh along with them. In time, they became the best friends she had ever known. The only friends she had ever known.With Harry and Ron by her side, her stress eased some. No longer did she eat alone or sit in the dark with her books, but it didn't make the spells come any easier. She still spent many a sleepless night in the library, but now she actually had friends who cared enough about her well-being to enquire after her when she came down to the Great Hall for breakfast the following morning looking quite obviously as though she hadn't slept a wink. The first time Harry had asked her if she was alright, she had started crying and flung her arms around his neck in a tight hug. Harry had spluttered a bit and patted her uneasily on the shoulder, muttering awkward platitudes into her hair. He explained to her some time later that that hug was the first instance of physical affection that he had ever received from a willing party (that he could recall, at least). At that, Hermione had promptly thrown her arms around his neck and cried again.Her second year marked the opening of the Chamber of Secrets, and the unleashing of a monster in the school. The panic that gripped both students and staff at this time was staggering, and the air was thick with unease and anticipation. 'The Heir of Slytherin' was, funnily enough, widely regarded to be Harry, an accusation that had been regularly bandied about upon the revelation that Harry was a Parselmouth. Harry did all he could to refute those allegations, and privately believed that Draco Malfoy was the true heir.And then, the attacks on Muggle-borns had begun.Harry's insistence that it was Malfoy behind the attacks and threatening messages hit such a fever pitch that Hermione made a somewhat ill-advised suggestion; that she, Harry and Ron would infiltrate the Slytherin dormitories to personally interview Malfoy and catch him out while under the guise of the Polyjuice Potion. However, obtaining the recipe and the ingredients for such a restricted potion would require a certain amount of duplicity that both Harry and Ron were only too happy to go along with. Hermione was rather shocked by her own complicity, too. The rush of the rule breaking, the blatant thievery and the sheer danger of the situation was pure adrenaline spiking in her blood, freeing her from her restraints.They set up a cauldron and began the lengthy brewing process in a disused girls' lavatory on the first floor, which was inhabited by a particularly melancholic ghost named Moaning Myrtle. The ghost seemed to both revel in and deplore the new company they were offering her, but seemed mostly content to wail dramatically and splash at random at the far end of the stalls rather than interact with them for any great length.Before long, the potion was complete and ready to use, but required one, final ingredient to be added to the viscous, muddy liquid before consumption. Hermione had had her sample ready to go since that infamous night at the Dueling Club, where Harry had unknowingly revealed himself as a Parselmouth when Malfoy conjured a snake. It was a hair belonging to Millicent Bulstrode, a heavy-set, brutish Slytherin girl who stood head and shoulders taller than many of their classmates.She decanted the potion carefully into little vials and handed them to Harry and Ron, where they added their hairs to the mix and retreated to individual stalls. Hermione added hers, too, and the potion began to bubble and turn a nasty shade of yellow. It slid thick and unpleasant down her throat when she tipped it down, and tasted faintly of bile. Her skin began to prickle, then itch, then burn, and she looked down with horror at her hands as they sprouted a thick layer of soft, fluffy fur.She ran her hands through her hair and stifled a scream when she came upon a pair of highly sensitive, twitchy ears. Moving her hands further down, she encountered two sets of wiry whiskers sprouting from high upon her cheeks, and a small, damp nose. A quick run over her mouth from her now very rough tongue confirmed long teeth that were sharp and pointed. She realised then with absolute horror that the hair she had had not come from Millicent Bulstrode at all, but from a pet cat!When Harry and Ron asked her what was taking her so long, she had immediately stilled and squeaked, telling them in no uncertain terms to go on without her. Though the book had said the potion should not be used for animal transformations, she saw no logical reason why it wouldn't last the usual hour before it would wear off.She had been wrong, though. Hermione had spent weeks in the hospital wing downing potion after potion to recover from her mishap. One good thing that had come of the whole debacle was that they now knew that Malfoy wasn't the Heir of Slytherin, and hadn't had a thing to do with the Chamber opening, despite his proclamation that he wished he had.Months wore on and more Muggle-borns (and one ghost) fell before Hermione felt she had the answer. It had taken multiple overnight stays in the library, but after skimming through tome after tome, she encountered a chapter in Most Macabre Monstrosities on the Basilisk, also known as the King of the Serpents. It was able to kill a person just with its gaze, but if its gaze was encountered in a reflection, then the victim would instead be petrified. Most importantly, too, it was renowned for its ability to squeeze through plumbing. It all added up perfectly; why Harry was the only one who could hear it, why it hadn't been seen, why spiders were fleeing the castle, and why there had been no deaths. Those unfortunate enough to be petrified hadn't encountered its gaze directly.Excitedly, she had torn the pertinent page from the book and scribbled the word 'pipes' on the bottom, so she wouldn't forget. From her tin quill case, she transfigured a hand mirror, using it to guide her way around corners. On her way back from the library, she ran into Penelope Clearwater, a sixth-year Muggle-born prefect from Ravenclaw. Hermione explained what she had found, enthusiastically brandishing her torn page, when they rounded the next corner and saw in the mirror a pair of large, malevolent golden eyes. Her body gasped for breath and seized tight, and she toppled over into unconsciousness. She remained in the hospital wing for the remaining two and a half months of the school year.Needless to say, that it turned out to be little Ginny Weasley that had opened the Chamber, set the Basilisk out and wrote the ominous messages in blood on the walls, acting unknowingly as a conduit for Voldemort himself, was the last thing Hermione would have expected.What she never told Harry or Ron was that she actually remembered her time being petrified rather well. It was a difficult sensation to describe  consciousness was there, just out of reach, but she experienced it all the same. She remembered the sensation of Harry's hand on hers, their voices in her ears, the scent of flowers, chocolates and sweets that piled up on the table beside her, and the tickling in her hand and the excitement in their tones when Harry finally found the page she had been clutching.There was another voice that was familiar too, but that she couldn't place. It spoke in low, murmuring tones, and always late at night when she was tired, so she only really remembered snatches of those one-sided conversations."You'd better get well soon, Granger; I score the highest marks now that you're stuck in here, and by quite the margin, too. It's a rather dull affair without the competition.""Nobody puts their hand up in class anymore, Granger. The professors don't know what to do with themselves. You simply must wake up; for the sake of the professors and their rapidly deteriorating sanity, of course.""I overheard Pomfrey telling your two lapdogs that she thinks you might be able to hear them when they talk to you. If you can, and since I doubt I'll ever be able to say this to you while you're awake, I'll tell you now. I'm sorry I called you a Mudblood, Granger.""My mother used to read me fairytales when I was ill. Wizarding fairytales, of course, none of your fanciful Muggle nonsense. My favourite was The Fountain of Fair Fortune. When I was five, my mother and I went to see the pantomime production of it that they put on in Diagon Alley at Christmastime. Father was so angry when he found out. He hated the story, you see, and actually tried to get it banned. I still read it now, whenever I fall ill. It makes me feel better. I don't know if you know many Wizarding stories, but I thought you might like this one." The boy cleared his throat, and she heard a rustling of pages. "'High on a hill in an enchanted garden, enclosed by tall walls and protected by strong magic, flowed the Fountain of Fair Fortune'""Magically induced sleep seems to be a common theme in your Muggle fairytales, as does the notion that such a thing could be undone by a simple kiss. As if it could be that easy!" There had been a firm, clumsy pressure to her lips, gone as soon as it had appeared, then a pause and a sigh. "See? Nonsense."Cracks in hers, Harry's and Ron's tight friendship began appearing in their third year. While much of her stress that year could be attributed to her use of a Time-turner and her full schedule of classes, the apparent death wish Harry had wasn't helping matters. It was absolutely beyond Hermione how Harry would accept a broomstick from an anonymous donor without any thought of where or who it might have come from. He knew that Sirius Black was after him. Heck, he knew there were probably a lot of people after him. Hermione understood that it was a good and highly sought after broom, but was she really the only one to suspect that it might have been tampered with? After all, it couldn't just be a coincidence that Harry would randomly receive a very expensive, top-of-the-line broom only days after his last one had been destroyed.There hadn't been a second thought in her mind when she told McGonagall about Harry's mysterious broom. Despite every splutter from Ron to the contrary, Hermione knew she had done the right thing. That insistence was cold comfort though, when both boys began to studiously ignore her, and she found herself almost exactly where she began three years ago.In that time, Crookshanks was a wonderful source of comfort. She could wrap her arms around the indignant-looking feline and bury her face in his fluffy hair and feel the most incredible sense of peace. Hermione didn't know if it was wishful thinking or craziness, but she often thought that Crookshanks was quite intuitive, and somehow more than he appeared. He would look at her with his expressive golden eyes, and she could swear he was looking into her very soul.Her third year also marked what she (and many other Gryffindors who later heard the tale) held to be something of a milestone moment; upon hearing him heaping insults onto Hagrid to his friends, so loudly she was certain it wasn't a coincidence, she smacked Draco Malfoy right in his smarmy, arrogant little face.Malfoy was a strange one. She didn't know much about him, other than that he was Slytherin, pure-blooded, excessively egotistical, deviously intelligent and quite pointy, yet he seemed oddly insecure. He was strange in that his more biting remarks came, more often than not, when he was playing for a crowd and in front of his 'friends', never on the odd occasions that they were alone. His eyes followed her everywhere she went, and whenever he did have her cornered, his taunts were always aimed at her physical features; comparisons of her hair to a bird's nest, suggestions that perhaps she was related to beavers given her large front teeth, how a head so small could house a brain so large. She wasn't sure if she should be overly offended by those remarks or not, but they were certainly a refreshing change to 'unworthy Mudblood', which even now still remained a firm favourite among the more elitist who still insisted on insulting her.Summer holidays at home that year were oddly tense. While her parents had previously been indulgent of her ramblings on all things magic, something had changed. Not that Hermione could say she blamed them; she didn't know how she would react if she had a daughter who sent her multitudes of tear-stained letters detailing just how difficult everything was at school, not to mention only the vaguest mentions of how she was bullied mercilessly, just enough to make them worry. And those letters barely even covered all the near-death experiences she'd had!Hermione didn't blame her mother when she begged her to stay home. She had almost been tempted when her mother offered to enrol her in the arts school in the next town where she could continue her piano studies, like she had wanted to before she found out she was a witch. It had led to a loud, long drawn out argument where Hermione had steadfastly refused to come home, declaring that she had not come this far just to walk away now. She and her mother did not trade anything more than idle small-talk for the remainder of the holidays, and it had been her father who had driven her back to Kings Cross Station for her fourth year in silence, and with the most disappointed and resigned expression on his face.AN: This is the first part in a two-part first chapter. The next part will be up in a couple of days once I'm done editing it. And Lucius Malfoy does indeed hate 'The Fountain of Fair Fortune'. From the Harry Potter Wikia: Lucius Malfoy, one of the Hogwarts school governors as well as a pure-blood supremacist, once attempted to have the story censored because it depicted a marriage between the witch Amata and the Muggle Sir Luckless, which was utterly disagreeable to those wizards who were strongly prejudiced against Muggles. However, the Headmaster Albus Dumbledore adamantly refused, which then resulted in Lucius sending him several more letters and earning him Lucius' lasting enmity.
