She always wears these headbands. Every day. In these bright colors that always clash violently with her orange-red hair. They're not in style  at least I don't think so, I mean I've never seen any other witch wear them, and I'm actually pretty sure I heard Cho Chang making fun of her for them  but every time I'm fantasizing and I imagine her on her knees in front of me, I see those threadbare headbands  pink, blue, green, neon yellow, sometimes rainbow  and I come so hard I almost black out for a moment. Those headbands are sexy and they're her and every time she walks past me  ignoring me completely, as she's wont to do these days  I'm immediately sporting a hard on that's probably embarrassingly noticeable, because I'm ridiculously turned on by those headbands  maroon, orange, fuchsia, sometimes mint green  that she's brave enough to wear even though one of the fittest witches in school makes fun of her because of it. I think she's pretty wicked. When she's not pretending I'm invisible.Well, I think she's wicked even when she's pretending I'm invisible.Sometimes I think of getting up the courage to talk to her  I'm the fucking Boy-Who-Lived, I mean I should be able to at least chat with the girl I'm obsessed with  but then I think of the way she goes right past me in the corridors between classes without looking at me and then I wonder if maybe she would do that even if I try to speak with her. That's not something I think I could survive. So I keep my mouth shut and I pretend like it doesn't make me feel like a repulsive ogre when she talks to her brother  who I'm rarely not around  like I'm not even there. I think it would make me feel less like a complete git if she appeared to feel anything other than indifference toward me. I can't stop thinking about her and she doesn't even know I'm there. Which is pretty messed up, I think, because, well, I hate to play the I-saved-you-from-a-murderous-piece-of-Tom-Riddle's-soul card, but I saved her from a murderous piece of Tom Riddle's soul. The least I could get is a "Hello, how are you?" every once in a while.I told Hermione that she didn't know I was alive. She looked at me like I was insane. Or stupid. But she usually looks at me like I'm stupid, so that wasn't really a big surprise. And then, when I was extremely pissed after the first Quidditch match of the term against the Slytherins  they slaughtered us and I don't think I've ever been so depressed about a match  I vaguely recall confessing to Ron that I thought his sister was just swell  I actually said 'swell,' but I have no idea why  and that she had the best pair of tits I'd ever seen. He punched me in the nose but didn't remember any of it the next day. I talk to Bear about it a lot, but, even though he's an oddly intelligent dog, he can't exactly give me any advice. At least, none that I can understand.There's going to be a party tonight at Gryffindor Tower and everyone is invited. Even the Ravenclaws and Slytherins. I don't want to get pissed, but I might. If she's there, I definitely will. Just so I can have the strength to be around her without professing my undying love for her or some shit. I'll probably get high. I don't know if she knows that I get high. If she did know, would she mind, I wonder? I do know that she doesn't do that sort of thing. Maybe that's why she doesn't like me. Hermione doesn't like it when I get high, but she doesn't like it when I get drunk either. She's not a lot of fun when it comes to parties, but I still love her. Ron doesn't get high anymore. Not after the first time, when we were fifth years. We got very stoned on some very cheap and very questionable stuff and Dean and Seamus  and maybe I did, too, it's all a little bit blurry  laughed hysterically at Ron when he began to hallucinate spiders crawling all over him. Neville gets high with me a lot. Even when we're not at a party and it's just a normal day but we can't stand the thought of going to Transfiguration without a little bit of incentive. Sometimes I think Neville and I are kindred spirits. Maybe it's because both of our parents are gone. His are technically still around, but not really. Mine are just plain dead.I wonder if she'll wear the rainbow headband tonight.Merlin, there he is. Leaning against one of the pillars near the courtyard where the rest of the fifth year Gryffindor boys hang around. He's always around Hermione and Ron or Neville or Parvati or bloody Cho Chang and I just can't fathom going up and talking to him. What would I say anyway? I wouldn't be able to say anything, that's what. When I'm near him or even thinking about him I suddenly begin to stammer like a five year old in need of speech therapy. It's just that he's got this beautiful face and I feel like if a Keats poem was a person, it would be him. And his hair, and his eyes, and the way his oxford pulls across his shoulders because sometimes he doesn't wear his Gryffindor robes and, well, he's just extremely attractive. Fit. Gorgeous. I don't know, he's, what do you call it, dashing or something. Puberty, apparently, was a friend to him. He makes me feel so, well, good. One look from him is enough to make me feel better than all of the snogging  and that one instance that I let him cop a feel  that Michael Corner and I got up to last year. I see him staring at me sometimes. I know he likes the way I look, likes to look at my legs and my breasts and my behind. It's not proper at all  as if I cared about being proper  but I admit that he could have me. He could have all of me if he wanted.He doesn't speak to me. I think maybe when I was younger, and had an infatuation with him that was much more obvious than it is now, I might have scared him away. So I distance myself from him. Hermione says he's shy, but I've seen him with Parvati and Lavender Brown and Cho and Daphne Greengrass and he doesn't seem very shy to me. He probably feels like he can't talk to me. Or maybe it's that he doesn't want to talk to me. Either way, he isn't speaking to me and hasn't done in a year at least.I wonder if I should try to dress sexy tonight at the party. I have this pink dress and it clashes with my hair in a way that will probably give everyone who looks headaches, but it's cut lower than anything else I own and it's strapless and it would look nice with my rainbow headband. Luna says I should borrow her neon green strappy heels, but I can't walk in those things. But if he might like them, it's worth it. I think.I wonder if there will be booze at the party. I hope there is. I need liquid courage to wear that dress. And those shoes. And to talk to him. Will there be other stuff there too? I know he's going to smoke. It seems like it's all he ever does now, he's always kind of in a haze. Merlin, what if he asks me to get high with him? I don't think I want to. But if he asks me to, it will be worth it. I think?I'm going to talk to him tonight.
