Luna Lovegood: Friendly Explosions My first week back to Hogwarts was fairly interesting. Third year Ravenclaws had joint classes with Gryfindors. But that seems wholly irrelevant and small compared to the first class of the year. Defense Against the Dark Arts is taught this year by Professor Moody. "Mad Eye" Moody- I don't like that nickname. I detest it as much as I detest "Loony" for myself. The man's face is knarled and striped with scars.I wouldn't have thought anything of him (save his magical eye), and when he demonstrated the Unforgivables my stance did not change. It was when he kept me after the class had ended that altered my indifference."What's your name girl?" His voice came like a threat."Luna Lovegood, sir." He eyed me with one normal eye and his magical one too. But the 'mad eye' only rested on me for a moment before spinning wildly about in its socket."You looked awful comfortable today in class." I shrugged, he grunted and began to pace before continuing. "Is it an impeccable mask that you have Lovegood? Or are you simply that numb?""I haven't a clue professor. But I did find my first class quite informative. That being said I do have Transfiguration to get to." He nodded and I left the room of oddity as fast as possible. No the Unforgivables had not frightened me but his suspicion of my fearlessness did. The man made me uneasy, which was a very hard thing to do. If I have one strength it is that I don't fear violence or death. The boogeyman doesn't give me the shivers. Come to think of it I don't know what I fear.It might be that I fear loneliness. But never death. And that doesn't make me guilty. Death would help with the loneliness. Not that I want to die any time soon. But I know that many of the pains that a person feels can be put to rest with death. The dead are the only lucky ones in this world. Darkness shouldn't be feared it's what you can see but cannot obtain that should be feared. Like friendship and love.I walk in to Transfiguration five minutes late and apologize to Professor Mcgonagall. "It's alright, Miss Weasley informed me that you were kept after class. Sit down, pull out your book. We are reviewing the Laws of Elemental Transfiguration."The rest of the classes were quite uneventful compared to Defense, which seemed to be the conversation on every ones tongues inside the walls of Hogwarts. Not that I had anyone to whisper excitedly with. There were my roommates who stayed fairly civil to me but I still did not have anyone to whisper around corridors with or hug when we saw each other each morning.This fact used to not bother me nearly as much but since I've gotten older it has gotten heavier. Each time I go on break I have to remind myself that I don't have anyone to write to that's my age. Each time I see two girls passing notes between themselves the bitterness grows. I guess my calm demeanor has become more of a mask when it comes to being so out casted. But I do have people I truly appreciate. My professors. Snape, who welcomes me anytime I want to have tea in his quiet, comforting quarters, and Hagrid who shows me new creatures and lets me feed the Thestrals anytime I like.Of course I have my father who, even if his letters are sparse, loves me fiercely. Sometimes I wonder if it's because I look like the mirror image of my mother that he clings to me like a moth to a light. Since her death he has been lonely too but we've managed to make a life without the only steady person we had leaving. My mother was very analytical, like Professor Snape but much softer. I think that my father has faltered without her structure.I hope that someday he'll find a happiness that can fill up the empty spaces. I love him so much, but a daughter's love cannot replace a romance. My father's letters seem miles long when I do get them. Almost like a journal, and I enjoy that. So much so that I crafted a book of all his letters to me into a large book that I add too whenever I receive another.Lastly there is Remus. I haven't technically sent him an actual letter yet but I plan to soon. Usually I like to send charmed sketches. My favorite was the one I did for Moony of Little Red Riding Hood and the wolf walking along a path in the Forbidden Forest. I made sure that they ended in a clearing with Fisher Nymphs and Nargles and a lovely Grey- Spined Rabid Rabbit.Fisher Nymphs were something we had debated the existence of last year during tea. It is one of my most favorite conversations. The little things thieved from fishing grottos of muggles to feed their colonies and the surrounding animals. Their favorite fish is said to be rainbow trout. The race had started stealing from muggles because they tended to be very unobservant.He did not reply to my drawings, but with that particular one he sent a short note on a piece of parchment. "Thank you Luna. This lightened my day more efficiently than my routine cup of cocoa." I had gotten the note the night before I went back to Hogwarts this year and thinking about it did help me swallow down some of the loneliness. But I wish I had a friend here beside me...My last class of the day happened to be Potions, my favorite subject. I had my turnip earrings on for this specific occasion. Last year, embarrassingly enough, I had a crush on Professor Snape. Good enough I realized in his very first class with him that it had mostly passed. The sound of his voice was still hypnotic and his hands are still precise and graceful, but the heart pounding has stopped.Now, I guess I'm just aware that he is an attractive, very grumpy, man. The odd thing is that I've started to notice a few other girls noticing this fact as well. But they're not nearly as indifferent as I am. And, they are much more obvious than I ever was. This is appalling to watch. I have grown protective over the man. They all look like they're about to slip him a love potion.I don't worry too much- he is a very vigilant and powerful wizard. He can protect himself. I respect him for that ability. I walk into the dungeon room. The smell of herbs and gamey flesh ingredients hits me instantly. I have to fight not to be transported back to my mother's own lab. I can feel my eyes glaze over.She beamed at me from behind her copper cauldron and stirred clockwise. Her lips move and I cannot hear her voice but I give her the eye of newt automatically. She is my hero and I am very young. She is the most beau- "Stay standing, we have finished our review of previous subject matter and so there will be a new seating arrangement. This is not a choice. Your position will be permanent for the year." His voice tugs me out of my own fog, it seems I had been the only one standing and now everyone around me scrambled up. Professor Snape raised his eyebrow to me discreetly before calling off pairs of names. He deliberately paired Gryfindors with Ravenclaws.This must have something to do with house unity. I take a seat at the front table after my and Ginny Weasley's names are called together. She hesitates before moving to sit beside me. "Today we will be attempting to make a simple antidote for nerve targeting mushrooms.".Ginny wasn't a bad partner at all. Our conversations were awkward and strained to the combines of instruction reading and passing ingredients, but I did not mind. It had been two weeks and it was getting easier to talk to each other. On Sunday she had actually smiled at me in the corridor and waved. Wednesday we set up a study night for Saturday. Today was Friday and again we were in Potions."You will be brewing the moderately difficult calming draught. Please begin and try not to muss it up. This will be a large percentage of your grades."Of course when Snape had said moderately difficult he had meant for, I'd wager a seventh year. For Ginny and I it was very complex. Even though it only had two stages there were many steps that would require at least three hands. "This is going to be a blast." Ginny groaned dramatically. I smile at her and nod.We started out very cautious but with time we began to chat with each other quietly. While I stirred counter-clockwise she asked quietly "So do you have a crush on anyone here at Hogwarts." I blushed."No, but I did. Well obviously some men are still attractive. I don't need a crush to know that." Ginny bit her lip conspiratorially."Men" she asked glancing at Snape which shocked me. Ginny smiled at my shock and giggled which made me cover my free hand with my face to hide my burning cheeks. This is earned a stern look from Professor Snape which made both dip our heads behind the cauldron."Oh Merlin," Ginny whispered excitedly, "his voice is absolutely angelic." I giggled. "I know what you mean, it's melodic.""Let's be friends, yeah?" I beamed. "Of course, then we can get matching accessories." Ginny cocked her head in confusion."It's what muggles like to do. They usually get... what was it bracelets.""I do love making jewelry. I would just buy it but it's not really in the family budget." Her smile faltered and she seemed embarrassed."That's quite alright we can hunt for blood crystals by the lake. They go deep in the sand but you can usually lure them out with Swiss cheese and liver slices. Then you pop them in a fire. They're really beautiful.""Sounds amazing. Oh! The frog intestine- hold on." I was so happy that my realization came a little too late. The panic was a little off the mark."Ginny wait!".Our laughter echoed through the medical ward long after Professor Snape had finished berating us and left. Ginny's hair had been exploded into an incredible shade of neon pink and her skin was still slightly tinted green. My own hair had turned a dark purple and wonderfully my eyebrows had went orange. My skin was freckled with yellow, red, and blue spots.We had woken up only an hour ago to flowers and baskets of candies. Madam Pomfrey said we would have to stay another few days before the colors all wore out. We had failed the assignment and would have to make up with an incredibly long essay for each of us on different subjects. Mine would be on why vigilance is important to safety. Ginny's is on why we should check before making haste decisions.With a mouth full of chocolate I got out parchment and a quill and began to write Remus about my new friend and the odd things that were happening this year. I plan to leave out the exact reason we were both distracted in the first place.AN: First chapter of the second section of Chocolate Nargles. Chocolate Nargles: War Time. This is the year of the Goblet of Fire. I decided to have Gin befriend Luna. She's bold enough to compliment Luna's subtlety and vulgar enough to bring out the giggles. Next Chapter: we catch up with the Lovely Lupin and Moony. ;) R&R;
