Which Witch follows Harry Potter's difficult year at Hogwarts, not just because of exams, but because of ladies, all of whom like him and vice versa! But who will he pick in the end? Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter.Feel free to follow, favourite and comment :) - much appreciated!First proper story so be kind and patient haha ;)Enjoy!Which Witch?Harry Potter stared at the wall in front of him. His hands were clasped tightly in his lap and his glasses were ever so slowly sliding down his nose. He was sitting on his bed in 4 Privet Drive, waiting for the Weasleys to come and pick him up in their flying Ford Anglia in about 3 minutes time- they were never late for him. He looked down at his quidditch watch that Mrs. Weasley had bought him for his birthday last year and smiled. He couldn't wait to see his favourite family again after the few painful weeks he had spent at his Uncle and Aunts. 2 minutes and 30 seconds to go. 'Ah well, best go downstairs' Harry muttered to himself, as he picked up his trunk, Hedwig's cage and pushed the glasses back up his nose.Petunia Dursley was peering through the living rooms curtains anxiously and looking at the clock on the wall.'Lets hope they have forgotten' she said with an approving look, turning to face her husband and son, both of whom were sitting upon the couch looking like two hippos in suits. Dudley piped up, 'No Mum because that means that Harry won't go and he'll be stuck here all summer' he whined, folding his arms and looking at his chubby feet. 'My friends are coming round tomorrow and i don't want him here' he sulked. Vernon patted his shoulder with his bright red hand. 'I know son, but we have to think of our reputation!' Dudley pouted and was about to retaliate but Petunia squealed suddenly and both Vernon and Dudley jumped up out of their seats. 'They're here! In that' -she winced- 'car'! Vernon marched out of the room to open the door, but Harry had beaten him to it and was hugging each of the Weasleys who had arrived, in turn. 'Sorry Harry- Bill, Charlie and Percy couldn't come, work of course, so its just me, Molly, Fred, George, Ronald and Ginny!'Harry grinned up at him, 'No problem Mr Weasley.'Molly then took the opportunity to grasp Harry into a tight embrace and tell him how thin he was and how she would see to that with a big dinner tonight when some friends had arrived, (Harry noticed not mentioning which ones.) Ron hit harry on the back and told him 'its good to see you mate', Fred and George grinned at him and proceeded to carry Harry's luggage to the car, and then it was finally Ginny's turn. Harry looked at her and noticed that she was wearing slightly more makeup than usual and had definitely done something to her hair to make it beautifully sleek, even more than before. His eyes must have lingered a little too long because Ginny was laughing quietly and leaned forward to give him a gentle hug, resting her head upon his shoulder. 'Its good to see you too Harry' she whispered into his ear. Harry laughed back, 'and you'. It was common knowledge amongst the whole of Hogwarts that she had always had a soft spot for Harry and he couldn't help but like her back, but was it love?Suddenly, Vernon's voice boomed through the hallway, breaking the embrace and the tension. 'Okay, okay, enough of the greetings, we don't have all day to stand here watching this you know! We lead busy lives!' He was shoving his chest forward to show that he was the boss in the house, but Harry couldn't help but notice that he was slightly nervous and this satisfied him. 'Come on Harry, lets get you out of here' Molly said as she glared at Vernon and pushed each of her children and Harry out of the front door before turning on her heel and marching out afterwards. Arthur was still standing in the doorway, smiling at the three Dursleys, as if hoping one of them would introduce themselves. 'We'll take care of Harry for you, don't worry!' He chuckled, but the Dursleys only grunted in reply or nodded nervously. There was a silence throughout the house. 'Well, um, i had best be off then!' He smiled, and lingered for a moment before also turning around and walking down the end of the drive to the enchanted car. 'Goodbye!' He called back, but the front door had already been shut and the Dursleys safely inside.I will be updating very soon! Thanks for reading!
