Hermione woke up with a giant headache. She groaned and glanced around the room she was laying in. It was completely unfamiliar to her. A sudden movement on the bed startled her. Someone was on the bed with her. She struggled to remember anything that had happened last night. She had gone to The Three Broomsticks to meet Oliver Wood, her boyfriend of the past three years, but they had gotten into a fight and he had broken up with her. She was depressed so she downed a large bottle of Firewhiskey. Everything was fuzzy after she started drinking. She remembers talking to someone. A man had helped her make her way back to the Castle. They were both laughing and swaying. She looked down at the body beside her, but she couldn't see anything about them as they were covered completely with the blanket. Hermione stood up slowly, as to not wake the boy, and grabbed her clothes off the floor. She felt horrible, she had never been with anyone, but Oliver and now not even a day after they broke up she had slept with someone and she couldn't even tell who he was. She quickly got dressed, hoping she could escape the room before he woke up, but luck was not on her side. As soon as she pulled her shirt over her head he sat up. The sheet fell down to reveal a mess of blonde hair.No, no. No! Hermione thought.Draco looked as confused as she felt. He glanced around the room until his eyes fell on her. He gasped in surprise then glanced down at his naked body then back up at her."Um.. I suppose I would be safe in saying we had a little too much to drink last night." He said.Hermione almost smiled. "Yeah way too much."Draco stood up and searched for his clothes. Hermione's eyes almost popped out of her head when she looked at him naked. She wanted to look away, but she couldn't drag her eyes off his body. He had amazing muscle, an evident six pack, and his member was huge. She couldn't believe that had been inside her last night. She blushed fiercely at this thought. He laughed when he saw her staring at him as he pulled his pants on."Didn't you get a good enough look last night Granger?"Hermione dropped her gaze like she'd been shocked. "I- er- I'm sorry." She stuttered. He just laughed at her and finished getting dressed. Once he was clothed he turned back to her."Do you know where we are?" He asked.She glanced around the room again. I was tiny room with just a bed and a fireplace. "I think we are in the Room of Requirement." She stated."Oh, that makes sense. Well -er- I guess we should get going." He said somewhat awkwardly. She nodded, and they walked out the small door together before they headed their separate ways they smiled awkwardly at each other. "See you in class tomorrow." Draco said before turning away.Hermione quickly made her way back to the Gryffindor common room. It was empty when she got there. Most people must be at breakfast. She ran up the stairs to her dorm and hopped in the shower. The hot water seemed to clear her mind. Bits of the night before came rushing back to her.She was sitting alone drinking yet another glass of firewhiskey when someone came up behind her. "Mind if I have this seat?" he asked. Hermione eyed Draco suspiciously but shook her head. He sat down with his own glass. It seemed strange to her that he was alone. He normally was surrounded by a group of people. When she asked he just shrugged and said he didn't want to be around any of them right now. After a few more glassed they couldn't stop laughing. It was dark outside now so Draco suggested that they head back to school. They didn't make it far out of the bar before Hermione fell. This made them both laugh harder, but Draco grabbed her around the waist and half carried her the rest of the way so she wouldn't get hurt. Once they were back in the castle they got lost. They couldn't find they're way to either of their common rooms. They somehow made their way to the seventh floor corridor. The Room of Requirement opened for them. Curiously they made their way in the room. They ignored the bed when they first came in, but headed straight for the fire to warm their freezing bodies. From there it happened quite quickly. They were laughing at something stupid and she fell backwards. He grabbed her hand to pull her back up, but instead she pulled him down on top of her. He laughed at her and brushed her hair of her eyes. Next thing she knew his lips were covering hers. The feeling of his lips moving with hers set her body on fire. She pulled him closer and moaned into his lips. Her hand slipped under his shirt and felt his amazingly strong chest. Suddenly she was being lifted into the air. He stood up with her in his arms, she wrapped her legs around his waist and pushed herself closer to his member. He pushed her down on the bed and threw his shirt off before climbing in between her legs. He lifted her shirt over her head and removed her bra quickly. He took one of her already hard nipples into his mouth and bit and sucked while rubbing the other with his hand. After a little bit he switched nipples. She moaned and squirmed under his touch. Her hand found his pants and started undoing them. Realizing what she wanted he ripped his pants and underwear off his body. Then he slipped her skirt and panties off. He rubbed her clit gently making her cry out. She locked her hands in his hair and pulled his lips back to her. "Draco," She moaned. He rubbed his throbbing cock at her entrance, she shuddered at the contact. Without warning he thrust deep into her. She screamed loudly, and dug her nails into his back clinging him close as he moved inside her. She wrapped her legs around his waist so he could thrust deeper. She was in a whole another world. Oliver was good, but Draco seem to read her body and know exactly what she needed. Soon she screamed his name and came all over his amazing cock at the same time he released his seed into her. He stayed on top of her until their breathing calmed. Then he rolled over and pulled her onto his chest and cuddled her. Hermione opened her eyes slowly. Her body responded to the flashback as if it was still happening. She couldn't fight the urge any longer she slide her hand down to her center and massaged her clit until she orgasmed. It upset her to find that it didn't bring her the same release Draco had last night.
