The Course Of TimeA Harry Potter FanfictionRating : PG-13Summery: The Final Battle was won. Many were lost, but many still lived. The magical population were becoming extinct, but the Ministry find a way of making it rise. A Marriage Law.Authors Note - This is AU, meaning that Sirius Black is still alive, along with Remus, Tonks, Dumbledore, Snape and Fred. Also remember that all of the characters you may recognise do not belong to me, they belong to the wonder full J.K. Rowling, but I wished I did own them, sadly I don't.Chapter OneAlbus Dumbledore sat in his chair behind his desk. He was thinking. He stroked the head of Fawkes absentmindedly and stared off. This was unusual for Dumbledore, he usually had an idea of what to do, but in this moment of time he did not.Minerva McGonagall came into his office along with Severus Snape. Both of them had served well in the War that had just past, even though Snape was badly injured, he tried his best with the commands he was given. They sat down silently, waiting for the Headmaster to talk."I believe that the Ministry is going to pass this new law." Dumbledore said gravely, looking at his most two trusted Professors. McGonagall let a gasp fill the air as Snape shifted in his seat. Neither of them wanted this law to be passed."But Albus, can you not do somethinganything?" McGonagall asked, worried about who the law was going to effect."I'm afraid not, I've done everything I can." he replied back."Well, we will have to tell them won't we? This will get to the papers soon. When is the date it is full confirmed, headmaster?" Snape asked."In a few more weeks, but I am concerned for one person." Dumbledore replied to the younger man."And who will that be Albus?" McGonagall asked, still getting over her shock."Miss-""Dumbledore, have you heard what the Ministry is passing!?" shouted a man from the fire place.Dumbledore got up from his seat and bent down into the fire."Yes Sirius, I have. And before you say, I have done the best I could but it seems like Fudge will not allow anymore. He is set on the things he wants to do.""Butbut what about the children that are of age?" Sirius Black asked."I'm afraid they will have to attended to this new law," Dumbledore replied to him.Sirius sighed and looked at the headmaster. He was thinking of what to say next."We need to inform the Order,""My, my oh my, did Black just make a smart comment?" drawled the voice of Snape."Shut it Snivellus,""Boys," Dumbledore said quite sternly. "We need to stay on the subject, not old school days.""Well we could use this place as HQ again?" Sirius asked."Well then, it's settled. Number 12 Grimmauld Place is Head Quarters for the Order. Now we need the time and date." Dumbledore said as he indicated for Sirius to come in then made his way back to his chair.Sirius came in with his dark hair up to his shoulders, his striking grey eyes scanning the room and his robes not covered in a spec of soot from the fire place he just walked out of. Dumbledore conjured him a chair next to Minerva and he gratefully sat in it, sending daggers to Severus."Well, Harry is living with Remus and I still. The Weasley's come round to stay sometimes. But Hermione has been living with us, seeing as he parents are still in Australia. I don't think she can bare to see them." Sirius trailed on."Well that won't matter will it will be like what we did when Harry was going into his fifth year." McGonagall explained. Then she looked concerned. "You said Hermione has been living with you?""Yes, she has." Sirius said while nodding."How is she?" Dumbledore asked his former student.Sirius sighed and looked over at him. He shook his head and began to explain what was wrong with Hermione."Wellshe talks to us sometimes. And Harry keeps her spirits up, he comforts her when she needs it. When she talks to usit seems like she is really distant. When she's not in her room, or with Harry she is usually in the library, we all know that the girl loves her knowledge."Remus keeps her company in there sometimes. Well that's when he's not with Dora. They seem to be getting distant though. But that's a different story. So Hermione, she's not bad I would say.""The poor child," Minerva whispered."Well what can you do? Anyway I need to discuss the issue with the Order now, Harry and Hermione will be back soon." Sirius said as he looked at the occupants in the room."Well how about Thursday night at half past five?" Dumbledore asked. He looked around the room and saw that they all nodded their heads. He clapped his hand together and stood up. "Right then, I shall see you Sirius, in two nights and I shall see you two around the castle for the extra detail we need to include on the castle, seeing that there is a bit more to go. Goodnight.""Night," Sirius said as he passed through the fire place."Good night headmaster," both Minerva and Severus said as they slipped out of the door.Albus Dumbledore sighed and looked at his phoenix. "Well Fawkes, it looks like The Order of the Phoenix is coming back."Dumbledore then conjured ink, inkwells, parchment and a quill. He slipped the quill into the inkwell and wrote letters to the members of the Order.'Dear Order Member,Due to the new law that will pass in a few weeks, I am seeking for you to come to the meeting that will be at the same place of 1994-5 and will start at 5:30 P.M. Meeting date is this Thursday night.Albus Dumbledore'
