Disclaimer: I don't own Harry PotterAurora Marie Petit was an extremely pretty girl with pale blonde hair, rosy cheeks and big hazel eyes though she did her uttermost best to make herself ugly by dressing in scruffy shorts and bulky reason, her younger sister Ella. For as long as Aurora could remember is had always been Ella this and Ella that. Her annoyingly perfect bratty little sister had taken up most of her parents attention. Ella was pretty, smart, confident, musical and ever-so helpful. Everything sarcastic and rebellious Aurora was not."Aurora Marie Petit. Get into the kitchen right now younger lady" Aura herd her mother yell. Rolling her eyes, Aura walked down the stairs into the kitchen. Swinging open the door she came face to face with the sight of her sister Ella in tears "How dare you young lady. How dare you make your poor sister cry like this. I am absolutely fed up with you. All your pranks and snide comments have become to much and do not even get me started on your wardrobe. I have had enough" Aura's mother ranted out of breath. "But I didn't do anything" Aura protested eyeing Ella warily. "But you did Aurora. You slapped me than called me a stuck-up brat." Ella said in a teary voice. Advancing on Ella, Aura yelled at her "Why you little lying bit-". "Enough" screamed Jean. "I will not tolerate that language. Ella, go get Effie to put some ice on your check and as for you Aurora. I really expected better for you. I have decided that instead of going to Hogwarts with Thomas you will attend the school I went to. Beauxbatons". "What" screeched Aura "you can't do that. You promised. I'll tell Dad". "Your father agrees with me on this. Go to your room. You are confined there until further notice". With one last glare sent in the direction of Ella, Aura flicked her waist length hair and walked out of the kitchen. As soon as she was back in her room Aura broke down into tears. "Why" she thought "why, why, why. Why does Ella hate me so much. Why does Mum hate me so much. Why does Dad hate me so much. Why, why, why". Wiping her eyes, Aura grabbed a quill and some parchment to write to Thomas.Dear ThomasI'm afraid that I won't be going to Hogwarts with you. Mum decided I'm to rebellious as I'm being shipped of to Beauxbatons to become a lady. The horror. I just wanted to tell you so you won't wonder where I am on September 1st. I guess it's goodbye for now. I'll probably stay at school over Easter as I'm at war with my parents to the moment so maybe we can catch up in the summer holidays.Best of LuckAuraAfter finishing the letter, Aura tied it to the leg of her tawny owl Rosalinda to take to Thomas. A few days later she received a reply.Aura my dearestThat just cruel and awful. Are you positive there is no chance of you coming to Hogwarts. I will miss you greatly. Anyway, good luck at Beauxbatons with the snobby teachers and snitching girls. Yes, let's catch up in the summer. Bye for nowThomas All to soon for Aura's liking the reality of attending Beauxbatons had settled in when she received her acceptance letter. Deep down she had been hoping that the school wouldn't accept her but no such luck.Dear Mademoiselle PetitI am pleased to inform you that you have been accepted into the Beauxbatons Academy of Magic. The Beauxbatons train will leave from platform 6 from the Champ de Mars metro station in Paris. Please find enclosed a list of supplies and a ticket. Be warned, the ticket cannot be replaced if lost. Term begins on September 1st but we await you owl no latter that the July 31st. SincerelyMadame Rousseau (Headmistress) The next letter contained a list of all supplies that where needed. BooksNumerology and Grammatica New Theory of Numerology Deciphering Runes Encyclopedia of Toadstools Magical Water Plants of the Mediterranean One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi A beginners guide to Transfiguration The standard book of spells grade 1 Magical Theory Foretelling the Future Magical drafts and potions Fantastic beasts and where to find them A history of magic The dark forces: a guide to self protection French-English dictionary French-Italian dictionary UniformBlue silk skirt (5)Blue silk jacket (5)White silk blouse (10)White silk stockings (10)Colour house tie (10)Blue Mary-Janes (2)Blue cloak with silver fastenings (1)OtherWandSilver cauldronCrystal vialsSilver scalesSilver knifeWith a groan Aura sank back into her banana and cream quilt. Her entire room was decorated in shades of white and yellow (her parents choosing) from the ivory walls, to the silver framed mirrors and buttercup quilt. There was one word it describe it. Boring."Aurora. Get changed. We're going to Diagon Ally to get your books and uniform" her mother yelled up at her. With a sigh Aura changed into denim shorts, a maroon hoodie and sneakers. After tying her hair up in a messy bun, Aura walked downstairs and without looking at anyone, grabbed a handful of floo powder, stepped into the emerald flames she shouted "Diagon Ally".
