AN: A random story idea that suddenly came to me, I couldn't NOT write it. I hope you enjoy this first chapter, if it is confusing I apologise but it's MEANT to be a little confusing, all will be explained in time, have no fear. Please enjoy and any reviews will make me a very happy author!In TenebrisThe rain pattered morosely against the mullioned windows, the room was dark except for the single candle flickering desolately on the table beside one of the four empty beds in the silent dorm. James sat in the window casement, his bandaged arm resting in his lap as he watched the constant water dribble over the warped glass. His sigh was soft, barely audible even in the heavy, brooding quiet. He was alone now, alone and injured and empty. His glasses steamed up as he pressed his forehead against the cold glass, absorbing its temperature and barely noticing his own shivers. His ribs ached dully from the giant bruise that now covered half his torso, he sighed again, feeling the terrible weight of the disaster fall upon his thin shoulders. It had all happened so quickly Hogwarts had barely had time to strengthen its defences. Now, most of the teachers were either imprisoned or dead, others had long since disappeared and no one knew what had become of them. Many students had been killed in the resulting fight, their corpses piled carelessly into a mass grave that James could see even from where he sat at the top of Gryffindor tower. He remembered the terror filled screams, he remembered the tears, the blood, the bright flashes of curses and shouts of demented glee from their enemies. Most of all he remembered the last sight of his friends as they had been dragged away. Remus had fought to the bitter end before they had subdued him with a stunning spell; James remembered his own cries of fear as he had witnessed his collapse. He was haunted by Lily's shouts as she had tried her best to protect the younger students, her failure had been that she had been distracted and not ready for the spell that had rendered her unconscious and left a terrible mark that crossed her cheek like a giant, bloody cross. He had tried to go to her aid but was cut off by several masked and laughing Death Eaters, one of them had disarmed him as he had screamed Lily's name, he had then had his arm broken almost in two by brute force as he had struggled against his captor's arms. Eventually he had blacked out due to the sheer agony but not before he had witnessed Sirius' eventual capture. He had been the last of them, standing at the foot of the marble stair case with his wand up and firing spells James hadn't even been aware he had known. It had taken several burly Death Eaters to take Sirius down because he had fought like a hell cat; he had been dragged forcefully into a circle of them before a tall woman removed her mask and gazed down at him with a chilling smirk. James remembered no more until he woke up in the Hospital Wing being tended to by a terrified, jumpy Madam Pomfrey.Remus opened his eyes to reveal utter darkness, it was so dark he wasn't even sure if he was actually conscious or not. His whole body ached, his muscles trembled violently and his breathing was ragged. It was these things more than anything else that assured him that he was not only awake but alive. He let out a strangled groan, slowly shifting so that he now lay on his side. He curled up and gripped his stomach which was now threatening to evacuate its contents all over the freezing stone floor he now lay upon. After a few seconds to recompose himself he risked once again opening his eyes, still the room was dark as pitch. He sighed shakily as memories of the battle flooded his mind; another groan escaped his lips as he remembered the horror and terror of his first true battle. Nothing in school could ever prepare him for what the Dark was truly capable of."W-Who i-is that?"The voice made Remus gasp in a sharp breath of air, he immediately regretted it as agony swept through his battered body and he was forced to wait as it faded enough for him to respond. Finally he drew in enough air to speak; "I-It's meIts Remus Lupin. Lilyi-is that you?""Yes! Oh God! Remus, I'm so glad to hear your voice. I t-thought I wasI was alone down here.""Not alone, there are others here too." Another, unknown voice drifted through the darkness and Remus suddenly became fully aware of other bodies close by, he could smell them and hear them breathing. He shivered and forced himself into a sitting position, his fingers groped around blindly, finding warm skin and cold stone before finally finding a ring of metal. He heard a soft clink as he moved and realised, with a terrible jolt, that he was chained up."Isis everyone tied down?" He whispered, afraid of the answer. His hand shook as he began searching his way slowly up the chain until he reached his own ankle, he tugged it experimentally but knew nothing would be gained by trying to break his bonds."No. Why? Are you chained up?" Lily's soft voice reached his ears, a gentle balm on his terrified thoughts."Yes. I've been chained up b-by the leghang on, does anyone have a wand? A weapon of any kind?""No. We were all disarmed." Said another person from close by, the voice was high and Remus guessed that this was a first year. Pity stirred his heart, how could anyone condemn a child that young to darkness and terror? The thought appalled him and fury stirred in his heart, warming him to the tips of his fingers."OkokI'm going to try something, I doubt it's going to work but right now I'm willing to do anything." Remus muttered, mostly speaking to himself but knowing that others would listen as well."What are you doing?""I'm going to try some wandless magic" Remus replied in a hard, determined voice.Someone snorted derisively. "Oh yeah, let's all just try and escape using magic that is so difficult not even most adults can do it! Brilliant plan.""Do you have any better ideas?" Lily's sharp voice echoed around the room and bounced off of what must have been a vaulted ceiling.The person who had spoken fell silent, Remus silently thanked Lily before placing his hand on the link that bound his leg to the floor, he closed his eyes and frowned as he tried to concentrate harder than he had ever concentrated in his life. He heard whispers like a soft breeze that stirs the leaves of the forest, he poked his tongue between his teeth as he focussed every ounce of his being on the chain and thought the spell hard and clear. There was a gasp before Remus saw electric blue light sear his vision, even through his eyelids. People began shuffling away but before they could far there was an explosion and Remus was blasted onto his back with a sharp yelp as agony tore its way down his spine."Remus! Remus, are you alright? Remus! Please answer me!" Lily's terrified voice reached through the fog inside Remus' head and he groaned heavily."'M fine'm fine Lily." He whispered hoarsely, slowly forcing himself back into a sitting position."What happened?""II don't know.""Did it work? Are you free?""No." remus could still feel the chain against his skin, it was heavy and he could feel a soft burning, as if his spell had heated it. "I-I don't think it worked.""It did." Lily replied, her voice shaky and he felt a cool, clammy hand slide up his arm. "Oh RemusI'm so sorry." She whispered."Why? What's wrong?" Remus replied, putting his own hand over hers in a poor attempt to comfort her."The shackle, I saw it in the flash of lightits silver."Remus sighed and lowered his head so that it rested upon his knees. "That explains a lot." He muttered and allowed Lily to pull him to her side. He was utterly unable to feel anything for the fact that Lily Evans now knew his deepest, darkest secret. In the face of the predicament of the school he found very little room inside his heart to care all that much what other people thought of him now. He knew why he had been thrown down into the dungeon with all the Muggleborn's, he understood why he had been chained up and beaten brutally. It made perfect sense that the Death Eaters would know about his affliction, after all, many had once worked for the Ministry. "It's alright Lily, there are bigger things to worry about now." He muttered as whispers began to spread out around him, like a ripple in the deep waters of the Lake. He heard the fear, the hatred and felt his heart hardening. He shouldn't worry about other people's views now; they were all in the same boat now. They were all being kept prisoner only to be murdered in some unspeakable manner.Sirius winced and sent a furious glare in the direction of the pale, sweating boy who was trying to bandage his wounded hand with shaking fingers. "For Merlin's sake Wormtail, get your shit together!" Sirius snapped furiously as he yanked his hand back and began to tie the bandage with his teeth, he growled deeply, a sound that rumbled through his chest like thunder as he released the bandage from his teeth and spat a wad of crimson coated saliva to the stone floor at his feet. "Fuck this shit." He hissed furiously as he stood up and began pacing once again. They had been shut in an empty class room as they awaited their fates. Sirius had tried to fight but had ended up beaten badly, he could feel his eye beginning to swell, his knuckles were probably broken and he had sprained his ankle in the short but vicious fight. "We need to get out of here and hunt down the others." Sirius muttered, obviously agitated as he fiddled with his bandages, which consisted mostly of torn up shirt. He frowned, turning on the spot as he searched for a way out but the only door was barred from the outside and probably guarded heavily. "Shit. She knows me too well." He muttered, pushing blood matted hair from his eyes, which were darting around, betraying his nerves. Peter watched him in silence, unable to help feeling his own terror eating him up inside. He became more and more certain that the others were dead. They had probably killed Remus as soon as they found out what he was, James had probably been stupid enough to get himself killed in the fight and Evans had probably been raped before being murdered, she was very pretty after all. He shifted in his seat before lifting his watery blue eyes to Sirius' grey ones, the two gazed at each other in silence for a long time before something inside Sirius seemed to crumble. His lips quivered and his breathing hitched before he spun around and began limping away, his back firmly on Peter. "They're fine, Wormy." He breathed, his voice shaking as violently as the rest of his body. "They have to be fine."Peter said nothing, unable to put voice to his fears. If James was dead then so were the others and that would mean he only had Sirius to protect him, if that were so then it was a poor guard he had. Sirius was desperately trying to hold himself together but after being confronted by his own family he was slowly falling to pieces. Peter could see it in the set of his shoulders, in the darkness of his eyes, he knew Sirius well enough to be able to see his high-strung emotions eroding his will. He knew that Sirius was losing a battle in his mind, a battle of who he was and who he tried to be. He was going to be forced to make a decision, a decision that would shatter his very sanity if he was too weak to fight it. Peter looked away, choosing to stare at his battered trainers as these thoughts crossed his mind, poisoning him and making him doubt his ability to stay strong."Fucking Bella. I knewI knew she would do this! It had to be her." Sirius muttered, his voice wavering and breaking as he finally fell to his knees on the floor and pushed his fingers into his hair, he bowed his head and fell silent.
