"Goodnight, darling. I love you." Ted hugged his daughter tightly and she returned it with equal if not greater force. Ever since Nymphadora became pregnant she had been staying almost entirely at her parents house, much to her dismay. Despite her disagreement with her current location, Ted knew that Dora understood she was in no shape to battle and while she was ready to risk her life, she was not ready to risk her child's."Goodnight, dad. I love you too." She whispered into his hair. They pulled apart and she noticed there was a strange sadness in his eyes. It unsettled her for a moment, but she brushed it off, claiming it to be due to the war. Everyone was in low spirits these days.Ted leaned down and addressed Dora's bulging stomach. "And goodnight to you, my little angel." Dora giggled at his silliness but there was that strange look in her father's eyes again as he straightened up. Almost as though he was saying goodbye instead of goodnight."Dad..."she began uncertainly. "I know that it's becoming more and more dangerous for you, being a muggle-born and all, but please don't do anything rash. I don't know how we'd function with out you. We don't care if we have to go into hiding with you or even run away to America or France, but we need you! So please dad, don't do anything dangerous! You must promise me!" Dora had grown slightly hysterical by the end of her impromptu speech and tears began to streak down her cheeks. Her father gathered her into his arms and held her tightly again, rubbing small circles on her back."Shh...Don't worry, darling...it'll all be okay." He comforted her quietly. "I promise I won't do anything rash."She looked up and smiled at him through the last of her tears."Thanks...I love you, dad."Ted felt a horrible pain in his chest. She looked so hopeful. He wished he fulfill his promise..."I love you too, Dora."They pulled apart slowly."Goodnight, for real this time." Dora said with a small smile and she walked up the stairs to her room."Goodnight." Ted called after her. "And goodbye, my beautiful daughter." Ted added quietly once she had gone, unimaginable sadness and pain clouding his eyes.After a moment Ted flicked his wand and the downstairs lights turned off. He walked up the stairs slowly, his hand trailing lightly on the smooth wooden railing and stopped at the door to the bedroom. He stood there for a moment, taking time to compose himself before entering. He didn't want to worry Andromeda with his sadness. She had enough to worry about already. Once he was ready he opened the door and made an attempt to smile."What's wrong?" Andromeda asked the moment he had done so. He smiled genuinely now. She always knew when something was wrong,"How'd you know?" He asked her, walking over to the edge of the bed."I heard you coming up yet waitng outside the door and you never were very good at facades, dear." She replied as though this was obvious while she calmly combed her thick hair."And I suppose you're just down right brilliant at facades?" He teased."Well, I was in Slytherin dearest." She smirked but her eyes twinkled kindly."Ah, yes! I seem to recall that you were often called the Slytherin Princess in fact.""That's correct. I was the epitome of cool and calculating.""Well, that cold facade never worked very well around me." He replied cheekily, climbing under the covers and kissing her cheek."Quite true, Ted dearest." She said returning his kiss. They smiled at each for a moment before Andromeda spoke again."So, what's wrong?""Just the usual. The war, the Order, you know."She raised a delicate eyebrow. "Ted darling, I love you very much but you are a terrible liar. Now tell me, what is wrong?""It's nothing. Don't worry." He said, brushing off her question."I'm quite certain it's not nothing.""I'll tell you in the morning. For now I just want to sleep.""Fine, fine. But you had better tell me tommorow." She conceded."Yes, madam." He replied with a little salute and a wink. She rolled her eyes and smiled.A few minutes later, once both had donned their pajamas, they laid down under the warm covers. Ted enveloped her in his arms and she leaned into him.After a couple minutes Ted spoke."'Dromeda?" He whispered."Yes Ted?""I just need you to know something.""What?" She murmmered, already slipping into sleep."I will always, always love you. No matter what happens I need you to remember that. You and Dora are my whole world and I'd give up anything and everything to keep you two safe."She turned to face him, wide awake now. "Don't worry Ted, I've always known that. And I imagine you know that I feel same way, darling." She smiled gently and, for what had to be the billionth time, Ted felt himself fall in love with her all over again. He knew what he must now do would hurt him more than any curse or form of torture."Goodnight, my Slytherin Princess." He said, smiling and bopping her on the nose."Goodnight, my Hufflepuff Knight." She replied, cupping his face with her slender hand. He nuzzled into her hand as she lightly kissed him.Andromeda turned back around, yet they continued to lean against each other."I love you, Ted." She whispered lightly."I love you too, my darling Andromeda.A/N: Thanks for reading. The next chapter will be up in a few days. Each chapter will be about this length or shorter. It will be mostly canon-compliant but I may bend a few minor details for the sake of the plot.Please review, criticism is welcome. 
