Disclaimer: I'm sick of doing these so I'm only doing it once throughout the whole story. I don't own anything you recognize.A/N: Salut! Ok so this is a brand new Dramione fanfic for y'all. I'll be switching between updating toying with love and 9 months of hell. The only reason I haven't updated toying with love is because my laptop shut down and I need to get it looked at because it won't start up again. The chapter is saved on there so I'm so sorry about that. I'm doing the chapters in months so there should be only ten chapters of this story since it will be quite short and the chapters should hopefully be really long. I hope you like it and I'm writing the whole thing on my phone so I'm sorry for any mistakes. Im going to pretend that sixth years can be head boy and girl. Im sorry if it seems a little ooc I dont know anything about Pregancies so if you could review and tell me some stuff that might be good to include that would be really helpful. I've read a few pregnancy fanfics so I only know the basics. anyway, Let's read!Chapter 1: I'm pregnant and first month of hell.A drunk Draco Malfoy led an equally as drunk Hermione Granger into the forbidden forest on their way back from a night out at the three broomsticks. Together they zig-zagged their way through the forbidden forest laughing with the trees and each other. A tall dark shape stopped them about fifteen minutes later."Now what do you think two sixth years like yourselves are doing this late at night in the dark forest?" Hagrid bellows at them."We were just- hahaha- we were just going back to that castle" Hermione told him, pointing a little off direction towards Hogwarts."Where have you been to be coming back so late?" Hagrid asks them suspiciously, guiding them back out of the forbidden forest."We just went out oo the free, no, four broomsticks for some fi whiskery." Draco slurred to Hagrid.Hagrid rolled his eyes but took them up to Hogwarts."I don't want to see anymore of this, alright? come back before ten pm." Hagrid told them.Hermione tried to stiffle her giggles and nodded quietly whilst Draco beamed and shook his head vigorously.The couple skipped back to their common room but instead of going into their respective bedrooms Hermione found herself running into Draco's room instead...A few weeks later Hermione was throwing up her dinner in the heads bathroom. 'It must have been something I ate last night.' she thought as she got up from her space in front of the toilet and shakily got dressed. Hermione rested on her dresser for a moment since she still felt dizzy when Draco opened the door and peeked inside"Hermione are you alright? I heard you being sick earlier, and you look really pale." He asked her, stepping inside.Hermione did look a lot paler than usual, so she looked almost ghostlike right now considering her skin is naturally pale."I- I'm fine. I think it was just something I ate yesterday." Hermione reassured him, taking a deep breath as shetook her hand off the dresser. As soon as nothing was stabilizing her she fell, face flat onto the floor.Draco rushed to her side and helped her up, somehow containing his laughter; His girlfriend falling on her face was quite a funny sight, especially for a Slytherin."Are you okay?" Draco asked her just about managing to keep a straight face.Hermione could only nod in response. If she opened her mouth one more time she would be sick all over her room and Draco.Everyday the two had to separate when going to meals from their common room in case anyone saw them together. The whole school thought they hated each other so they had to keep up being rude to each other otherwise someone will start to get suspicious.Hermione left him and walked down to the great hall using the banister of the staircase to balance herself. She walked in and sat next to Harry on the Gryffindor table."Morning Hermione. Sleep well?" He asked her, nibbling at a slice of toast.Hermione could only just speak "Quite."Her usual bowl of porridge was already in front of her but she could only manage two spoonfuls before she hastily pushed her meal away from her."What's wrong? Porridge is your favorite breakfast, why aren't you eating it?" Harry asked and Ron, who was stuffing his face full of eggs, bacon and toast across from the two, nodded and mumbled something neither Hermione or Harry could make out."I'm fine, I'm just not hungry right now." She said as she walked swiftly out of the hall and made her way to the dungeons for potions. As she was the first to arrive, she once again used the wall to support her. 'I really am not well. I'll go to Madam Pomfrey at break.' Hermione thought. She didnt want to miss any of her morning classes; potions, transfiguration and charms. Her favorite three lessons.Soon the students arrived and began to pile in to class waiting, not too eagerly, for the class to start."There will be no foolish wand-waving or silly incantations in this class." Snape announced as he walked swiftly into the room with his cloak bellowing behind him."Today we will be making Felix Felicis. Your partners and instructions are on the board. Get to work." Snape snarled at them as he watched gleefully as many of the pairs groaned as they got working on their potions. Luckily Draco and Hermione were together so they got along quite well. The class suspected it was because they had learnt to cooperate with each other since they were head boy and girl.Hermione was feeling fainter and fainter by the minute and soon she was grabbing onto the table for support yet again whilst crushing newts. She wasn't even sure what was going on anymore, thenshe blacked out...Two hours later Hermione woke up to find herself in the hospital wing with Draco sitting next to her. She smiled at him, silently thanking him for staying. He walked over and planted a soft kiss on her lips. Hermione kissed back almost instinctively. The curtains were drawn luckily so nobody saw them kissing otherwise it would be the new gossip by lunchtime.In the middle of their little kissing session. Hermione was sitting on the bed and Draco was standing up, both their eyes were closed so they didn't notice Madam Pomfrey walk in to through the curtains. She gasped and blinked in surprise; Even she thought that the pair hated each other and Draco was only there because Snape told him to stay.Madam Pomfrey cleared her throat and the pair jumped apart quickly. They both noticed Madam Pomfrey eyeing them knowingly and Draco just smirked at her.Hermione lied back down in bed blushing violently at being caught. Draco casually sat back down as if nothing had happened."Okay. Miss Granger, I'd just like to do a few tests. Please take off your shirt. Mr Malfoy you might want to look the other way." Madam Pomfrey said."Oh no, its fine he can look he's seen befo- what I mean is I don't mind whether he looks or not" Hermione assured the medi-witch. Madam Pomfrey casted the pair another knowing look as she caught on before continuing what she was doing.After Hermione has taken her shirt off Madam Pomfrey did a complicated spell and her wand flashed ten times a pure blue colour. Pomfrey gasped and eyed the pair cautiously. She did another spell on Hermione's head and that turned the tip of her wand bright red for a few seconds. Pomfrey bit her lip as she took a small blood sample from Hermione and Draco and put both samples into a clear potion. The potion turned a positive blue and Madam Pomfrey gulped, not quite sure how to approach the pair with her results."Well, I'm not quite sure if I'm pleased or disappointed to say this, or if you'll be pleased or not, but soon you'll both be parents." Madam Pomfrey said awkwardly. She'd never had to tell a couple that they were having a baby and she wasn't sure how to assess the situation.Draco's jaw dropped in surprise and Hermione's hand quickly raised to her mouth as she gasped."N- no. I can't be..." She said quietly."Pregnant? Yes, you are. I'm going to get professor Dumbledore." the medi-witch said as she rushed out of the room.Hermione couldn't believe it. She was only seventeen yet she was pregnant. She also didn't understand how it happened but whenever it did it was certainly an accident."I- I want to keep the baby." Hermione announced quietly to Draco."So do I." he replied softly."Will you stand by my side so we can raise this baby together?" Hermione asked, fearful of the answer."Of course, 'Mione. I'd never abandon you." Draco assured her.Hermione gasped and tears threatened to fall "What will my parents say? They're strongly against teenage pregnancies and if they find out their own daughter is right in the middle of one they won't be happy. My dad will want to kill you so I suggest that I don't tell them who the father is. I think it will benefit from both you, me and the baby. Draco, I'm so scared. I'm not ready for this, seventeen and pregnant, what if the whole school finds out? What if we make the front page of the daily prophet?"Hermione began to worry, the tears finally dropping from her eyes."Don't worry Hermione. I'm sure none of those things will happen. everything will turn out ok. I promise." He told her. Except he couldn't promise, and he too was worrying the same things.Draco let Hermione sob into his chest for half an hour when Madam Pomfrey finally came back with Dumbledore and McGonagall.The two parted slightly but they were both still sitting on the bed, hands clasped together. There was no point in hiding their relationship to the professors now; It was quite obvious."Ah. I see why it was so surprising now, Poppy." Dumbledore smiled from Poppy to the couple sitting in front of them."We will need to inform both of your parents about this." McGonagall said, almost hesitantly."I'd like to be the one to tell my parents, over Christmas. I think I deserve the right, considering it's my child." Hermione argued."Very well, Miss Granger. you may do as you wish." Poppy said."Ok. Hermione, I'm afraid you can't tell them over Christmas, unless your parents are willing to come and hear." McGonagall approached."What? Why not?" Hermione asked, inquisitively."You can't board the train whilst two or more months pregnant. You would be just over three months pregnant by then and the train just won't allow t. Apparating isn't an option either so I hope Mr Malfoy is willing to stay over on the holidays with you. From then on are the times that you'll need him most." McGonagall explained.Draco nodded "Anything for Hermione." he promised, rubbing small circles around her hand, calming her"One second," Hermione breathed as she ran from the bed out of the hospital room to the nearest toilet, where she threw up her insides again for the second time today. She was starting to get tired of running to the closest bathroom but she will have to do it.Hermione wiped her mouth and quickly returned to the hospital wing."What have you eaten today Miss Granger?" Madam Pomfrey asked her softly."Two mouthfuls of porridge. I would eat more but the thought of food seems to make me feel sick."Hermione sighed."Dear, if you want to have your baby in good health then you need to be able to eat every day at least half of the food on your plate for every meal." Madam Pomfrey told her. Hermione nodded and looked down at her shoes.Once the meeting was over Hermione left to tell Harry and Ron. She wasn't exactly sure of what they were going to say but she hoped it wasn't going to be negative. Hermione walked into the Gryffibdor Common Room and quite easily found her two best friends sitting in front the fire playing wizards chess."Guys, I've got something to tell you." Hermione interrupted."What is it, Hermione?" Harry asked turning towards her."Just, don't freak out ok, and please don't tell anybody." the pair in front of her nodded their heads. "Well, I guess there's no easy way to say this but... I'm pregnant. With Draco's baby." Hermione said quietly.Ron was instantly red. "Your seventeen and pregnant with MALFOY'S BABY! I can't believe this. I'm going to throttle him for doing this to you!?" He snapped at her horridly."No your not, he didn't do this to me, I love him and we are together! it was just a mistake! You git, Ronald, can't you give any congratulations at all?" Hermione cried at him."No, I can't. Im not congratulating anybody who is currently holding Malfoys baby. Hermione, I can't believe you. Getting pregnant at seventeen. What's gotten into you!?" Ron told her and stormed off."Well, I'm not going to lie, Hermione. I'm not too happy that it's with Malfoy but congratulations I guess. You're a bit young but I know you wouldn't have a baby on purpose. Don't listen to Ron, he's just jealous that you're going out with Malfoy instead of him." Harry reassured her and he followed Ron upstairs quickly.Hermione sat on the sofa and cried, making her nauseous. Ten minutes later Hermione hastily pulled herself together. 'No, I shouldn't be crying over his harsh words, so what if he doesn't approve. Pull yourself together, Hermione.' She thought as she made a beeline for the exit.All the lunch was gone so Hermione called for a house elf to bring her some food into her room, she only managed to eat half of her sandwich but she had a little bit of food at least.The rest of the day continued as normal and when all the Gryffindors were in their common room Ron had an announcement to make."Uh, can I have your attention please? Hermione told me something earlier which I would like to tell you all." He started, wringing his hands."Well, spit it out then." Cormac said, breaking the silence."Hermione's pregnant." Ron said and the room suddenly went abuzz with murmurs and gossips."Who's the father?" Lavender giggled at Ron, fluttering her eyelashes towards him."Malfoy." Ron spat out and the room gasped and once again burst into whispers."Malfoy, as in the Draco Malfoy!""I can't believe it!""Goody- two shoes Granger had a baby with Malfoy!""What's gotten into her?"Satisfied, Ron sat back down and continued his chess game with Harry gaping at him in shock.The next morning Hermione found herself throwing up the contents of her stomach for the second morning in a row. Once she was finished she, unwillingly went down to the great hall.When she walked in everybody stopped and stared. Not knowing what was going on, she smiled awkwardly and sat at her usual spot. She sipped her coffee in content as she listened to Ginny's day."...and now everybody knows that you're pregnant with Malfoy's kid." Ginny said and Hermione spat her coffee out in surprise causing students to turn towards the commotion."WHAT!"A/N: DONE! I'm finally done, this took me just about two weeks so I really hope you liked it. I think the chapter was ok but please tell me what you think about if I should continue it or not because I'm not sure. Thank you!
