On a cold Thursday afternoon at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, 5th year Lily Evans sat in the second row of her transfiguration classroom taking vigorous notes as Professor McGonagall instructed how to turn a cat into a chair. Her head was bent low and her quill was clutched tightly in her hand as she scribbled on the parchment, stopping every few seconds to dip her quill into the ink. Being in her OWL year, she knew that transfiguration would be harder than it had ever been before. Nothing would stop her from receiving a perfect E on her exam at the end of the year. Lily bit her lip as she always did when she was in concentration as McGonagall delivered the day's assignment."The first student to correctly transfigure their cat into a char will be excused from homework in this class for the rest of the week." Lily's head perked up. She already had homework piled high in potions, charms, arithmancy, herbology, and ancient runes; excused homework in transfiguration for the week would be like a dream. Lily was sure she could be the first one in the room to transfigure her cat into a chair. She had been taking notes all class, been paying close attention, who would stand a chance against her? Suddenly she heard a laugh come from behind her, a laugh that could only belong to "Potter," Lily gritted her teeth at the name. She doubted the arrogant toerag had even been paying attention to the lesson; transfiguration was his best subject anyway. Lily was better than him in most subjects, especially potions, but James was the best in the year at transfiguration, a class Lily was only mediocre at.At the back of the classroom, James Potter had been sitting daydreaming as his eyes were glued to the back of Lily's head. He had just been watching how the sunlight from the window caught on her fiery red hair. Suddenly, the immortal words "excused from homework" yanked him out of his daydream and immediately brought him to attention. James' best mate, Sirius, also stirred beside him, excited. James mind raced. The assignment was to turn a cat into a chair right? That would be nothing, he was a bloody animagus after all. James was smartest in his year and transfiguration was his best subject, he could easily achieve it first. But there was one person who could possibly beat him, a person with fiery red hair. "Evans," James laughed at the way her name rolled off his tongue. Lily Evans, James Potter's long time crush had probably been taking notes the entire class period, she was more prepared to do the spell correctly than he was. But James had Remus, another one of his friends who had also been taking notes as close as Lily.McGonagall excused the class and everyone immediately began practicing the spell. Lily grabbed her fluffy gray grumpy looking cat and immediately tried the spell, Carissa Catorsa. The cat transfigured, but not into a chair. The cat grew and its legs turned into the legs of a chair, but besides that it was still a cat. McGonagall came by and did the reverse spell."Keep trying Miss. Evans, more wrist action is what you need," she advised. Lily pursed her lips in concentration. Seeing her progress, James immediately tried the spell on Remus' cat. His cat turned into a chair, but still had a tail and was completely made out of cat hair. It was more progress than Lily, but definitely not good enough for McGonagall. James' chair made Lily angry. She would NOT be beaten by James Potter. She stared him down and he met her eyes."God she's beautiful" James thought. For a second he was lost in her green eyes, but then Lily adverted her stare and James snapped back into attention. Lily was trying to transfigure her cat again. She bit her lip in concentration, a thing that drove James mad just thinking about. Making sure to emphasize the wrist action and pronounce each syllable precisely. This time her cat transformed into a chair, but at the top were little cat ears and the arms and legs of the chair were still furry. Lily sat in her chair as if it were a throne and grinned proudly at James Potter. Just then her chair gave a winey "meow." James guffawed at Lily's reddening face. He then proceeded to try the spell for a second time, making sure Lily was paying close attention. His sharp wrist action and perfect pronunciation made Lily wince, he couldn't beat her, he just couldn't! Lily watched as the cat turned into a perfect armchair."Well done Mr. Potter," McGonagall said proudly. James stood up straight and shot a toothy grin in Lily's direction. She scowled.McGonagall dismissed the class and everyone filed out. Lily hurried rapidly away to avoid James' smug looks and to escape the shame that she had lost to him once again. James saw this and decided to take advantage of the situation."Better luck next time, eh Evans?" James called after her. Lily froze and spun around."Don't act like this shows anything Potter. You are an arrogant toerag, but an arrogant toerag that's good a transfiguration," she spat, taking a step towards him."Ooh Evans was that a compliment?" James asked innocently, taking a step towards Lily."Don't flatter yourself, Potter," Lily said taking another step until there was only a foot between the two of them."Evans, Evans, Evans," James sighed, taking another step. "No need to be sore that you lost our little competition back there." He took another step until there were only inches between the two of them. Lily stared James smug look down fiercely. James began to lean forward until they were nose to nose, but he didn't stop leaning. Lily's eyes widened and she quickly took a step back."Ugh you disgust me," she snarled and took off down the corridor. James watched her march away, but the red in her cheeks were unmistakable."Oi snap out of it Prongs," Sirius said walking up behind him."Do you think she hates me?" James asked still staring at the direction Lily had walked."Nah mate, she just hasn't realized she's in love with you yet," Sirius consoled, patting James on the back."No she hates you," Remus said appearing on James' other side."I believed what just happened between me and Evans was what they call a moment," James sighed."Come on love boy, let's get you to dinner," Sirius said grinning at his friend."I think I'm going to ask her out at dinner again," James said to his two friends. Remus and Sirius both groaned."Not again," Remus groaned. "You know she hates that Prongs.""No do it, eventually she will have to say yes." Sirius encouraged, grinning. He enjoyed hearing Lily's insults every time James asked her out. They were very creative and original, one of the many things Sirius would admire about Lily."I would rather be beaten by the Whomping Willow then go out with you," Lily snorted at James. Everyone at the Gryffindor table was watching this scene, not like they hadn't seen it before. James face was the color of Lily's hair. Behind him, Sirius was trying very hard not to laugh, Remus was shaking his head, and their other friend, Peter, was shaking because of Lily's terrifying rage."Come on Evans how about just a date?" James tried again."Potter the answer is no. It always has been no and it always will be no!"James's attitude took over. "Well it might be no for now but one day Evans you're going to fall in love with me."Lily let out and indignant laugh."In your dreams, Potter," she retorted."Already is," James said back smoothly. He was pleased as he watched Lily blush for the second time today. She opened her mouth to retort, but decided against it and stalked away down the Gryffindor table. Some of the students looked sorry for him, others just looked amused. James watched her go again and his friends gathered behind him."Yeah she hates you," Sirius grinned. James sighed.
