Author's Note: I do not own any of the characters within, all intellectual property blah blah blah. Positive reviews will be appreciated, constructive criticism will be thanked. This is my first HP fanfic. Includes some graphic scenes (in the later chapters) of battles and "smut." I lean towards Harry/Hermione in the romance department, and this is proof of that. Questions, comments, concerns will be directed to the appropriate place.Let it begin!The war was over. Everyone knew how things should go after that eventful day at Hogwarts. It was obvious to anyone with eyes- Harry would finally have his time with Ginny Weasley, Ron and Hermione would accept their love for each other, and the four would Do Amazing Things as adults. It was expected. The wizarding world waited with bated breath for The-Boy-Who-Lived to take his rightful place as Minister of Magic, or at least Headmaster of Hogwarts. Ginny's prowess on the Quidditch pitch was renown, and the mold was cast for Ron and Hermione to have a rocky but intense love life as well. Everyone had the future planned for these four champions; everyone just knew what was supposed to happen next. So what went wrong?Harry awoke late one morning, the sunlight streaming into his bedroom at Grimmauld Place. Kreacher appeared by Harry's bed with a pop, bowing and offering breakfast."Thanks, Kreacher, I'll be down in a minute," Harry mumbled, wiping his eyes. He slipped his glasses on and stumbled downstairs to find the elf setting three plates."Kreacher, what's this?""Master must remember that his companions will be arriving soon," Kreacher croaked.Harry muttered an oath and dashed upstairs, throwing off his pyjamas and stuffing himself into the nearest pair of jeans and t-shirt. He ran his fingers through his mop of unruly hair and stomped back down the stairs."Thanks for the reminder Kreacher, I'd completely forgotten," Harry was saying as the bell rang. Kreacher rushed to answer the door and escort Ron and Hermione into the kitchen. Much to Hermione's chagrin, the elf happily served the trio their breakfast, and then with a pop disappeared.The three ate breakfast slowly, the silence between them comfortable and casual. The emotional roller-coaster of the war was fading, and each person pondered their future. It was Hermione who finally broke the silence."I've decided to go back to Hogwarts. Professor McGonagall has allowed me to finish out my last year," she mumbled around her fork of eggs.Ron looked over at Harry with a familiar look of bemused disbelief. "Barking mad, this one. Go back when we don't have to?" Hermione huffed and took a deep breath, but before she could retort, Ron continued. "I read that Minister Shacklebolt is allowing anyone who fought to become Aurors without the NEWTS grades. What do you think, Harry? Give it a go?"Harry tapped his fork on his plate, deep in thought. "I I dunno." Harry laughed. "I've spent so long focusing on destroying Voldemort that I never gave much thought to what would happen after that.""You could always-" Hermione started."Bloody hell, Hermione, why waste a year in school when our dream jobs are just waiting on us?" Ron interjected. Hermione huffed."Well I, for one, think that we still have lots to learn at Hogwarts!""Yeah, but you're right at home surrounded by mountains of dusty old books!"Harry could sense another argument between the two- it seemed that they only stopped arguing in order to spend time snogging. His mind drifted, he didn't care to join in the "discussion." Harry thought about Ginny, wondering where she was and, oddly, what she was wearing. He didn't know how to consider his relationship with the young Weasley. Ever since Fred's funeral, Ginny had been hiding reclusively at the Burrow.Harry interrupted the shouting match. "Ron, is Ginny still at the Burrow?""Bugger if I know," Ron scowled. "Hasn't left since the funeral, so yeah I figure she is.""Maybe I can talk her into coming outside," Harry mumbled as he stood, calling for Kreacher."Master wishes for something?" Kreacher asked after appearing with a pop."Yeah, get my broom and quidditch stuff, and my chess set please. I'll take the floo to the Burrow." Kreacher bowed and scurried off.Harry left shortly after that, giving Hermione and Ron time to themselves. The Burrow was in a subdued state. The house had been nearly destroyed by Death Eaters, but the Weasley family, along with many other well-wishers, had quickly taken to repairing everything once the war ended. Harry found Ginny in Fred's room, folding clothes."Hi," he ventured.Ginny looked up, her red hair almost glowing in the sunlight. "Hi.""I, uh, was wondering if you'd like to go out for a spin on the broomsticks? Or maybe stay in and play chess?" The words stumbled from Harry's mouth.Ginny smiled and nodded. "I'd love to ride. If you don't come back to Hogwarts, the Gryffindor team will need me." They rode for most of the day, speeding through the sky and forgetting the world's troubles. They barely spoke beyond the demands of communicating quidditch plays and calling for breaks."I'm not going back to Hogwarts," Harry told Ginevra during one break.Ginny sighed and ran a finger over his hand. "I knew it. I'd dreamed of our last year there together, finding quiet places in the halls, late nights studying"Harry chuckled. "We will still have holidays together, and I may pop in to Hogsmeade when you can visit." They spent the rest of the afternoon riding and kissing, but when they returned to the Burrow, their relationship had ended. Molly could tell instantly, but she recognized the peace on her daughter's face and decided that the breakup was mutual and amiable. Ron and Hermione had arrived during the day, and the entire family sat down for a subdued dinner.After dinner, Ron and the rest of the Weasley family went to meet George and take care of the last of the paperwork for Fred's estate. They'd been surprised by the money the twins had amassed from the joke shop, and George insisted on creating a scholarship fund for Hogwarts students. Harry and Hermione watched them leave the Burrow, and then wandered aimlessly across the grounds before returning to Grimmauld Place.Hermione had been staying with Harry ever since the war had ended. She wasn't sure that she could reverse the memory spell she'd used on her parents, and quietly admitted that they deserved a life of peace without magical complications. Kreacher served tea and cookies, then bid them goodnight. With a wave of his wand, Harry turned on the muggle radio. He and Hermione had taken to listening to soft jazz music before bedtime, as a way to relax from the day's activities. As often as not, they would wind up dancing softly, comfortably, as they had in the Forest of Dean when Ron left them. There was a familiarity in these dances, friendly and intimate. They never crossed the line into romantic dances, but the idea hovered in the air as they embraced that night."Harry, I know about you and Ginny" Hermione started."Shh," Harry whispered. Holding his friend close, letting her rest her head on his shoulder, gave Harry a sense of completeness that he hadn't felt since using the Resurrection Stone to see his parents. They moved and swayed to the music, letting it wash over their consciousness, until Harry was surprised to find his hand gently cupping Hermione's bottom.She looked at him with a crooked smile. "That feels nice," she whispered before returning her head to his shoulder. It was Harry's turn to stutter, and Hermione's turn to shush him, only she silenced him with a soft, light kiss. Their lips touched, briefly, and Harry could feel the spark of magic in the kiss.Hermione blinked and slowly pulled back from the embrace. "Did you?""No, I thought you" Harry touched his lips."That was definitely magic. What does it mean?"Harry laughed. "No clue. Never felt it before- not with Cho, or Ginny, or that one time with Draco"Hermione's eyebrows shot up. "WHAT?!"Harry waved a finger in the air. "Gotcha! Just making sure you were paying attention."Hermione sacked Harry on the shoulder. "Way to ruin an amazing moment, you cad." She smiled and yawned. They said goodnight and separated. Reluctantly, Harry watched his friend heading up the stairs. His eyes were drawn to her bum, and he blinked hard. Was he falling for her? Where would this leave Ron? Harry sighed. He remembered what the horcrux had done to Ron, what it had told him before he destroyed it. Harry felt a sharp stab of guilt at the thought of coming between his friends. He lay alone in his bed that night, awake for some time as he mulled over his feelings for Hermione and his guilt over the brief kiss and the emotions it had stirred.They didn't speak of the kiss again, and soon Harry and Ron and the rest of the Weasley family were standing at Platform 9  watching Hermione and Ginny board the train."So what have you decided about the Auror job?" Ron asked."Dunno." Harry shook his head as if to clear it. "Wish it were like a story, and we just lived happily ever after, no mess no fuss."Ron barked a laugh. "Yeah mate. Next thing you know we're pushing 40 and sending our kids off on this train."Harry grinned at his friend as they walked back through the platform. "You'd be half bald and with a pudgy middle.""Oy! And I suppose Mr. Boy-Who-Lived-Twice would be fit as a fiddle!"Harry paused at the gate. "Ron, I think I'm going to wait on that Auror job.""Bloody Hell what are you talking about?!""Kingsley will hold it for me, I'm sure. I want to take a little holiday, vacation some without any responsibility.""Mate, what have you been doing all summer but that?"Harry sighed. "Look, I just want a little more time to myself. I'll still be by for dinner on Fridays, and you're always welcome at Grimmauld Place."Ron looked lost. "Yeah but, well, we've always done everything together."Harry patted his friend's shoulder. "You could do with some time in your own spotlight. Have some success on your own, without being part of a team." Harry grinned. "But if they have any spiders in the Auror's office, I'll stop by and take care of them.""Cheeky bugger," Ron laughed and they left.Harry was true to his word, and spent the first part of September in a lazy haze. He stayed at Grimmauld Place, visited London, and considered making a trip to America. It was during one trip to Gringotts that Harry received two large surprises. The goblins led Harry into a large room with a long table, and he was soon joined by an aged, dignified goblin of some importance. The other goblins bowed low when he entered."Mister Potter, my name is Nagnok the Second, and I have the distinct honor and responsibility of running Gringotts Bank."Harry bit his lip nervously. "Look, if this is about the dragon"Nagnok laughed. "Silence, boy! This is greater than that.""But I want to make amends, if I can!""Hmm, and how would you do that?" Nagnok paused."Well, I I don't really know what I can do."Nagnok nodded. "We shall return to this issue shortly. Now, to the business which brought you here. Your vault, as you have seen, holds a moderately large sum of gold." A goblin handed Nagnok a slip of paper. "Fourteen million galleons, seven thousand sickles, and six hundred fifty three knuts." Harry blinked and stared at the goblin. "And there is this," Nagnok slid a parchment across the table.It read, "The estate of James and Lilly Potter, listed below. One property in Godric's Hollow. The historic Potter Mansion near Hogwarts. The contents of the safe at Gringotts Bank, including 13,000,000 galleons plus various sickles and knuts. The Potter crest and signet ring, which gains entrance into the Wizengamot." There were other items listed, jewels and treasures that Harry had glimpsed in his vault. Harry swallowed and looked up. Nagnok slid a key across the table."The key to Potter Mansion. Also, there is this." Nagnok slid another parchment to Harry."The estate of Sirius Black III, listed below. Heir is listed as Harry James Potter, secondary heir (should the primary heir be deceased) is Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. Property of 12 Grimmauld Place. The contents of the family safe at Gringotts Bank, including 7,000,000 galleons plus various sickles and knuts. The Black crest and signet ring, which gains entrance into the Wizengamot." Again, other items were listed."I believe that you already possess the physical property, Mr. Potter. Here is the key to the Black vault." Nagnok gave Harry another key. "The Black vault includes," he glanced at a slip of parchment, "Seven million, four hundred thousand galleons, three thousand sickles, and two thousand knuts." His voice hardened. "You may consider it a point of goblin nobility that, even after your 'incident,' we have not touched the property in the vaults."Harry sighed. "This is a lot to process." He looked at the goblin. "What would you consider fair recompense for the dragon incident?"Nagnok paused, tapping his pointed finger against his chin. "Five million galleons."Without hesitation, Harry agreed. "Done. Please accept it with my sincere apologies for the damage to your property and reputation."The aged goblin stood and bowed, making a motion to a servant behind him. "We shall take the money from the Black vault, leaving two million, four hundred thousand galleons, three thousand sickles, and two thousand knuts.""I would like to see these vaults, to see what's inside them." Harry ventured."Of course, Mister Potter. We will bind both vaults to you with the verification of your wand. If you ever have need to replace the wand, you should notify us beforehand if possible, or as soon afterward as possible."The rest of the day was spent cataloging the vaults contents. Harry consolidated the money into the larger Potter vault, and moved the jewels and miscellaneous items into the Black vault. He arranged an appointment with Minister Shacklebolt the next day, and a visit with Headmistress McGonagall the day after.Kingsley approved of the wills and confirmed Harry as the heir to the Potter and Black estates, and their seats on the Wizengamot. "Just as a note, I would suggest that you settle down and produce your own heirs soon, Mister Potter. The wizarding world needs families like the Potters, and the Black name is nearly as old and pure-blooded as history itself."Harry laughed and promised to "get right on that, sir." The minister boomed a deep laugh and offered his assistance whenever Harry needed it.Harry's visit to Hogwarts was bittersweet. Headmistress McGonagall offered her support and help. "Trust your friends, Potter. Don't push them away simply because the battle is over. Friendship that stands such a test is to be savored during the peaceful times." With that advice, Harry strolled down to Hagrid's cottage and ate lunch with the half-giant. He felt a pull from the Forbidden Forest, and after leaving the cottage, slipped into the woods and followed his instincts.Harry was surprised to find his meandering trail leading him towards the clearing where he'd met Voldemort. Quite by chance, as it were, he stumbled on a rock near the clearing. Looking down, Harry recognized the Resurrection Stone. With an abstracted mind, he picked it up and studied the runes written on it. Harry pocketed the stone, and wandered back towards the castle. He met Hermione and Ginny in the Great Hall at dinnertime, then walked the halls with Hermione.Harry's friend was the same as always- bushy brown hair and a thick book tucked under one arm. They walked along a moonlit corridor, then Hermione pulled Harry into an unused classroom."Harry, I've" Hermione stumbled. "I've missed you. I've seen Ron loads, but it isn't the same.""I know. In my holiday, I kept thinking of you and our kiss," Harry answered."Ah, yes About that" Hermione blushed and fidgeted.Harry grinned. "Let me guess- you looked it up in a book." When Hermione started to protest, Harry grabbed her shoulders and smiled. "I would expect nothing less from you! Its part of who you are, and I love that about you."Hermione's blush returned at the mention of love. "Well that's just it," she started. "I found it, and I even forced myself to ask Professor McGonagall about it." She sat down next to Harry. "That tingle, it was magic, Harry. Look." Hermione flipped open her book and pointed to a passage. "It says that sometimes, two people are bonded through difficult situations, and their magic Well It says their magic falls in love."Harry blinked. "Wait What?""Professor McGonagall told me all about it. She said that if that actually happened, you've really found your soul mate. Harry, she told me that she had the same discussion with Lily Evans regarding James Potter! Harry, she thinks I'm asking for Ron!" Hermione collapsed into Harry's arms. "What are we going to do?" She sobbed.Harry shrugged, clearly uncomfortable with the revelation. "I dunno, 'Mione." He turned and flicked his wand, causing a muggle radio to appear and start playing the soft jazz that they'd become accustomed to. Harry stood and offered Hermione his hand. "Dance? Just like before?" She stood and they embraced, swaying to the music. Their touch carried the usual familiarity, but now the romantic aura settled onto the pair and their movements embraced the idea of love. Hermione looked into Harry's eyes, and the world dissolved in her brown eyes. His senses were overcome with a feeling of caring, concern, love, and an undertone of desire, pouring from her eyes.Without blinking, Hermione whispered, "Harry, I" Harry stopped her with a kiss. When their lips touched, the magical spark flared again, and their kiss became hotter, hungrier. They stayed in that room for some time, swaying to soft music and letting their passion grow. Their embrace was broken when, with a soft pop, a house elf appeared and reminded Hermione of her duties as Head Girl.Harry laughed and they separated. He promised to stay at Hogsmeade and visit tomorrow. He slept uncomfortably, but greeted the next day with a smile. He spent the day with Hagrid and Professor McGonagall, stealing moments of privacy with Hermione at every chance. After a long goodbye, he stopped by Gringotts to deposit the Resurrection Stone into the Potter vault. Harry was concerned with the compulsion that drew him to the stone, but didn't know who to talk to about it. Hermione would counsel him to destroy it, or at least lose it like he'd originally meant. Ron would run in the opposite direction, suggesting that Harry keep it and use it.Harry worried that he now possessed two-thirds of the Deathly Hallows, and wondered if he would be drawn to retake the Elder wand like he was drawn to the stone. His weekly dinners with the Weasley family continued as usual, and Harry explored his new properties. He'd never known how vast his wealth was, nor that he had inherited a mansion. Harry wandered the dusty halls of Potter Mansion, thinking of the years spent in the Dursley's cupboard.Harry consulted with Kreacher, then Headmistress McGonagall, and eventually indentured a house elf from Hogwarts to care for the Potter house. Harry spent that fall between his two houses (he left the cottage at Godric's Hollow intact, as a memorial to his parents), the Burrow, and Hogsmeade. His relationship with Hermione deepened, while she kept up a charade with Ron. On Hallow's Eve, he spent the night in Hogwarts, where he and Hermione lost their virginity together. Both knew that Ron should be told, but neither could bring themselves to confess their transgressions to their friend. Harry knew that Ron always feared being the third-wheel, the one overshadowed by Harry and Hermione's greatness. Holding onto Hermione was all that Ron had exclusive to Harry. It would devastate him to learn that Harry & Hermione had fallen in love.Christmas break saw the golden trio reunited at last. They laughed and played, seeming to forget all the troubles of the world. Ron's work in the Auror office was plodding along as he studied and worked his way into good standing. Hermione's grades were- as usual- tops in the class, and she was fielding job offers from multiple offices. Harry, on the other hand, was still stuck in neutral. It seemed from the outside, that without a foe to confront, this hero was lost in the woods. Harry and Hermione stole time alone when they could, each time guiltily renewing their love and passion.It was Boxing Day when Harry received an owl from Headmistress McGonagall, requesting his immediate presence at Hogwarts. The trio arrived quickly, and McGonagall laughed ruefully."I should have known that a request for one of you would bring all of you," she smiled. "Harry, I have an unusual request for you. Professors Dumbledore and Snape have both requested that you have time alone with them here." Her eyes proclaimed her opinion of the odd request, but she dutifully shuffled herself and Harry's friends out the door.Dumbledore stared at Harry for some time from behind his half moon spectacles. Snape's portrait was empty, until the man strode back into it with his usual determined gait. "Harry, it has come to my attention that you visited the Forbidden Forest some time ago," Dumbledore began. "I also know that you procured the Resurrection Stone from its resting place." Harry merely nodded."Potter, do you realize the power that those two Hallows hold?" Professor Snape scowled fiercely."Now, Severus, do not be so harsh on Mister Potter," Dumbledore chided. "I believe that he was drawn to the stone, much as he feels drawn to my wand, yes?"Harry nodded meekly. "Yes, Professor. I didn't know what I was doing, and I nearly tripped over it. Now, being back here, I can I can feel the wand, like it's calling to me."Dumbledore nodded. "Harry, you must know that you are the true wielder of all three Deathly Hallows. Before, there was much to do that kept us from exploring exactly what that meant, but it is a very significant fact.""Headmaster, it would be extreme folly to allow a boy unfettered access to such power!" Snape exploded.Harry felt himself nodding. "I agree with Professor Snape, sir. At the very least, holding the Elder wand would put a target on my back for anyone hungry for power."Dumbledore smiled in his frustrating way. "Ah but, Mister Potter, you are much more talented and powerful than you credit yourself. And not only that, you have the heart of a true warrior for Good! I truly believe that you are a Champion for Hogwarts, with all four Houses inside you! Besides," Dumbledore paused then waved to Snape. "It would appear that forces even beyond my understanding are pulling the Hallows to you."Snape snorted but continued. "You will find the Elder wand where it was put to rest, but lying atop Dumbledore's grave. No one but you can see it. Take it tonight.""Harry, I honestly don't know what is coming, but I feel that you should be equipped with these tools. If I may provide any assistance in teaching or training you, please call on me." Dumbledore pointed off to one side, where a moleskin pouch lay atop an empty portrait. Harry fit the portrait inside the pouch slowly, then asked for a moment of privacy with Dumbledore. Snape huffed but departed."Professor, I have a very embarrassing question to ask.""Ask away, my boy," Dumbledore smiled inside his portrait."Some time ago, when I was um... Well, I was kissing Someone." Harry stuttered. "And when we did, we felt a spark"Dumbledore's eyebrows raised in surprise. "Mister Potter! I overheard the same question directed to Professor McGonagall from Miss Granger. It does not take a great leap of imagination to discover the truth in this. What advice did you seek? How to break the news to poor Ronald? Or information on the magic behind it?""Well, both, sir.""Ah, love. Such a powerful thing, as you well know. As to the first, it should be done sooner than later. I would advise you not to endanger your friendship any more than necessary. As to the second, I imagine that you already know a good deal. I also imagine that Miss Granger has studied more than she admits. The magic inside you, and her, does indeed feel some sense of love.""Sir, can magic feel love? I never thought of magic as, well, aware.""Oh dear me, yes!" Dumbledore laughed. "It is a limited awareness, but much more elemental." Dumbledore's eyes grew stern. "The more you are together, and the more intimate you become, the stronger the connection grows. And, my dear boy, this connection is much like a binding. You bind yourselves together with love; your magic does the same."Harry blinked again, stunned. "So, we're bound together?"Dumbledore chuckled. "My boy, don't look so devastated! To find such love is rare! Savor it! Enjoy it! You have earned it!" His eyes darkened again. "But share the facts with Mr. Weasley! He deserves your honesty!""Yes, Professor." Harry sat in silence for a moment, then thanked the Professors for the help, and left. He relayed the conversation about the Hallows to Ron & Hermione. They all sat in the Great Hall, stunned and waiting for night to fall. When it did, Harry left to retrieve the wand. Ron left to return to the Burrow. Harry spent the night with Hermione again; staying up late talking about what Dumbledore had told him, and exploring their passions together.During one breathless moment, Hermione groaned into Harry's ear, "I find myself less and less bothered by the idea of being bound to you, Mister Potter."Harry held her tightly. "And I find myself feeling the same," he whispered before resuming his passionate lovemaking.The next day, Harry left the school. Both promised to work out how to tell Ron, while both promised to study the Hallows and their magical love. Harry had discovered that his mansion had an expansive library, with many books not found at Hogwarts. He studied many late nights, and it was only thanks to Blinky, the Potter house-elf, that he remembered Valentine's Day. Harry rushed to Diagon Alley and purchased several expensive gifts, then arranged a meeting with Hermione at Hogsmeade. They never left the room.
