A/N: Hello, this is a reposting of my earlier story, The Marauders' Companion, in which the Marauders and Lily get together and read fanfiction about themselves. It was removed because I used some of JK's content - in this version, that won't be the case. I hope you enjoy it!You'll never guess what I found in the library,' said Sirius, as he sat down on the couch between James and Lily. In his hands he held a large book with a black leather binding.'A book?' said James.'Yes!''Good for you, Sirius,' said Lily, looking a bit miffed. 'After only six and a half years at Hogwarts, you've finally found out what the library's for. I am so proud of you. Now, do you know what people generally do with books or have you not yet reached that stage?''There's no need to unleash your unresolved sexual tension on me, Evans,' said Sirius. 'James is sitting right over here. And yes, I know what to do with a book. The thing is, this book is awesome. It has stories  about us! And some other people, but look, look.' He opened the book and read, '"One-shot. A day in Lily Evans's life: missing breakfast, worrying about school, daydreaming about James Potter - wait, what? Written in the style of Bridget Jones's Diary. LE/JP". That's about you, Evans! And James, obviously.'Lily's jaw dropped and she snatched the book from Sirius. As her eyes slid over the summaries of stories, she raised her eyebrows higher and higher until they were invisible behind her fringe. 'This is odd,' she said.'Was that Sirius holding a book?' said Remus, looking up from where he'd been writing his Arithmancy essay.'It's about us,' said Lily. 'I I have never Wow, wait. "The Marauder's Companion: A compilation of some of the best, funniest, strangest, slashiest and otherwise interesting Marauder's Era Fanfiction." Fanfiction?''What is fanfiction?' said James. 'Why would it be about us?''Fanfiction means that, say, a book was written about us by, say, me, other people would write stories about it,' said Lily. Her confusion seemed to be lessened by explaining things. 'So if I wrote a book about you Marauders and other people would, I don't know, write a story from Severus's perspective. That's fanfiction.''And people write that about us?' James sounded intrigued. 'I want to know what they're writing about us. That one about you daydreaming about me sounds like it might be fun  can I read it?''Certainly not,' said Lily.'I think you've all forgotten who found this book,' said Sirius, taking the book back from Lily and placing it on his lap. 'Now, I'm willing to share, because I'm just that kind a person, but I get to choose what is being read. Unless you don't want to read about yourselves.''I'm quite curious,' said Remus.'So am I.' James looked around the Common Room, but it was deserted; younger students, who didn't have their N.E.W.T.s to study for, had already gone to bed. 'Shall I get Wormy or should we let him sleep?''He needs his sleep; I'll tell him tomorrow,' said Sirius. 'Besides, I want a story about me. If he's going to be here, he's just going to whine that he wants the story to be about him, the wanker.' He cleared his throat and leafed through the pages until he saw a story that had 'Sirius B. and Remus L.' listed as its main characters.'"Forbidden Fruit. Remus and Sirius have been best friends for years, but one night seems to mean more to them than they could ever imagine. Slash" That sounds interesting, no?' said Sirius. 'What's slash?''No idea,' said Remus.'Well, here we go. Ah, I'm going to read a story about me  how awesome is this?' And then, Sirius started reading the story to them.Remus Lupin had always been a bit of an outsider. He liked to think it was because he was a werewolf, but he knew it went deeper than that. In truth, he had never belonged anywhere, not even when he'd been 'normal'. Now that he was at Hogwarts, he kept waiting for his friends to realize this and abandon him, though the chance of that happening seemed to diminish as time went by. 'You really think that?' said James, looking at Remus. 'Because we won't leave you, you know, even if you are strange and have a chocolate fetish.'Remus shrugged. 'I don't really worry about that anymore. But maybe this is somewhere in second year? I was afraid of it back then'They hadn't even left him when they found out his worst secret.Of course he had another secret, one he couldn't even dream of telling them.'How thrilling,' said James. 'His hidden chocolate stash, I want to bet.'Or, more specifically, him.Sirius Black.Sitting in the Common Room, Remus looked over at where Sirius, James and Peter were playing Exploding Snap. From the way they were talking, Remus deduced Sirius must've been cheating again; it made Remus smile. Sirius always made Remus smile. Here Sirius stopped and gave Remus a suspicious look. 'I know I'm funny, but Remus, this train of thought is a bit intimate.''It's not mine,' said Remus, who'd turned pink. 'Most of the times your jokes are too stupid.''It sounds like someone has a crush,' said Lily.'It's not me.''In the story it is.' James wiggled his eyebrows. 'Or maybe Fanfiction!Sirius is just funnier than the one we're stuck with.''I'll be continuing then,' said Sirius, with a dark look at James.He brought his attention back to his book; there were finals to study for. N.E.W.T.s to pass. 'Still Remus, then. Had me worried there for a moment, mate,' said Sirius.He couldn't go and waste his time  though he admitted it might be debated whether 'looking at Sirius' counted as 'wasting time'.'I'm worried again.''Should we go for a different story? I'm not sure if I like how I'm portrayed in this.' Remus looked quite troubled.'Maybe it's just bad writing,' said Lily.'Moony, you stupid wanker, stop reading,' said James. 'Sirius won't play fair if you're not here and you need a break anyway. All that reading will ruin your brain cells.''Look! It's me!''Shut it, Potter.''I really need to study,' murmured Remus meekly.'Sod that. I said you needed a break,' called James. His voice was so loud, some of the girls in the Common Room  including Lily Evans  threw him annoyed looks. He noticed and winked at them.'Look, Evans, that's you!''I repeat: Shut it, Potter.''But I winked at you!''You guys, we're reading about Remus's big crush on me,' said Sirius, who was torn between fascination and revulsion. 'Yes, you're in it, but could you please be quiet? I feel plot development coming on.''Come on, Moony,' said Sirius. 'Come and play.' 'I feel gay sex coming on,' said Lily.James looked appalled. 'Evans!''What? I can't be the only one to notice the subtext over there! Combined with the "staring at Sirius", I'm very sure this Remus is gay. Which is fine,' she hastened to add, looking at Remus. 'If you're gay, you can tell us.''I'm not gay! And definitely not for Padfoot.''Well' Remus pretended to hesitate, but he knew the battle was lost. How could he refuse Sirius anything? Sirius, whose gorgeous mouth was now curled up in his trademark sexy grin; 'You've got to be kidding me,' Remus muttered, hiding his head in his hands. 'Who wrote this?'Sirius checked the author. 'Someone named MissElainePotter. A relative of yours, Prongs? Anyway, yes, we were reading about how no one could refuse me anything because of my striking good looks'Sirius, who had the body of Adonis; Sirius, who made Remus's heart beat faster simply by existing.'Please, Moony?' Sirius begged softly.Sirius snorted. 'I don't "beg". Especially not "softly".''That bothers you? I'm portrayed as being in love with you and it bothers you that you say something softly?''Moony, I have a reputation to uphold. Begging softly just isn't cool.''All right then.' Remus closed the book and went to sit beside his friends. Though he was quite good at Exploding Snap, he kept losing; this was because he, unlike James and Peter, didn't object when Sirius cheated. After all, if he complained, Sirius might stop; he didn't want Sirius to stop. He never wanted Sirius to stop.'You guys, I think I'm off to bed,' murmured Sirius after a couple of rounds. 'And now I'm murmuring! I don't murmur!''Think you'll survive without me?'No,Remus thought. 'Yes,' Remus said.'Gay Remus is melodramatic,' said James.'I'm not melodramatic,' Remus said through clenched teeth. 'He doesn't resemble me at all.''If you say so.''Remus, would you mind coming with me? I needed to ask you something,' said Sirius. His piercing grey eyes rested on Remus, who all but came from their intensity. Sirius's eyes were like silver  like moonlight  like limpid tears. 'Even I'm getting a bit disturbed by this description of my perfection,' said Sirius, looking queasy. '"Eyes like limpid tears"? Who writes something like that?'Remus choked. 'No, that's of course I'll come.' He stiffened, 'Ooooh!' said Lily.'Lily, for the love of all that's magic, don't make this any worse,' said Remus.wondering if his friends caught the innuendo, but James had his attention turned to Peter  he was explaining something about Transfiguration  and Sirius was already moving towards the dormitory. As they went up the stairs, Remus had a nice view of Sirius's arse. Not that he needed it  they shared showers, after all  but it was always pleasant. 'Remus the perv,' said Sirius. 'You don't really stare at me in the showers, do you?'Remus stared blankly at him. 'What do you think, Sirius?''I don't know. This is written from your point of view and you were also worrying about your N.E.W.T.s, it could be that there's truth in more of this. Plus, if you were to stare at anyone's arse, it wouldn't be Prongs's or Wormy's, so'You need to do something about these feelings, Remus Lupin, he told himself, closing the door behind him. Sirius is out of your league. Just get over it, before you get hurt. 'So, what did you want to ask me?' he asked, putting his hands in his pockets. He shifted his weight from one foot to another, wondering what would happen if he just grabbed Sirius by his tie and pulled him close and let his lips  'That's not there.' Remus was barely audible. 'Please tell me they did not write of me as thinking about snogging Siri  oh, Merlin, I don't want to think about this!''I don't know,' said Lily. 'I think it would be kind of sexy, you and Sirius. Right?''Evans, no. Just no.' Sirius shuddered.With a mental slap in his face, Remus brought himself back to the present. Don't be ridiculous.Sirius looked about as awkward as Remus felt. He was playing with his cufflinks, doing and undoing them. Finally he looked up. 'Moony  Remus  I  I don't know how to say this. I'm' He ran his hand through his hair. 'I'm not good with stuff like this.''Stuff like this?' Remus mumbled.'Feelings. Emotions.' Sirius sighed and rubbed his face with his hands. 'Remus, I I love you. Sirius dropped the book. He stared at it, agape. 'They did not just make me fancy Remus!''Sucks, doesn't it?' said Remus.'They can't think I fancy Moony. Don't they know anything about me? I'm a walking shagmobile!' Sirius shook his head. 'How did that line get in there? Why am I suddenly gay?''Well, you do have very shiny hair,' said Lily. 'And good skin, nice clothes I could imagine people mistaking you for gay. Shall I continue?''No, no, I can do it.' He picked the book up again and restarted reading.This probably seems weird to you, but I can't keep it in me any longer. Watching you, every day, thinking about you, wanting you Sirius choked. 'I don't like where this is going.'It's driving me crazy, Moony.' His eyes blazed with a sudden fury and he grabbed Remus by his upper arms. 'Say you feel the same way. Please don't say all this  all this love has been for nothing?''Of course it hasn't.' Love spread through Remus like an electric current, making his hairs stand up. He clasped Sirius's face between his hands. 'Sirius, I love you too  more than anything.' Sirius closed his eyes, closed the book and threw it across the room, where it landed against the wall with a thump.'The rest was not good,' said Sirius, answering James's surprised look. 'Someone wrote how Remus and I had sex. Remus. And I. As in' He groaned. 'They described me having anal sex with Moony. That's just revolting.''There is fanfiction about how  do I even want to know what the original works were?' said James.'Everything inspires gay fanfiction, James,' said Lily. 'It could be about ponies and dresses and every man would still be gay. It's how things work in fanfiction. At least, that's what Petunia said; she writes fanfiction for Jane Austen and once said loads of other writers think Bingley and Darcy are gay, for instance.''Who are they?' said James. 'Wait, never mind. What I want to know is''Why me?' Sirius howled.'I don't know. Oh, come on, it could've been a whole lot worse. Accio book.' Lily caught the book just before it hit her in the face. 'Not all the stories in here can be this odd. Life could be a whole lot worse.''Yeah, right. You didn't just read a story where you  I'm going to take a shower. And I don't want either of you in it.' Sirius got up and glared at his friends. 'Lily, you are welcome, as I feel the need to remind myself of beautiful women''Thanks, but I think I'll pass.''Just as well.' Sirius took a deep breath and took off, leaving the other three to stare at the book.'This might become interesting,' said Remus.
