Much Ado About MinervaA/N: Hey, welcome to my little piece of fluffy craziness. For some reason I've been addicted to both Shakespeare's Much Ado About Nothing, and the HP series. If you don't know the play, please don't worry you will still completely understand what is going on. If you know the play you'll be familiar with what's going on, but hopefully I've changed it enough to make it interesting. I have to admit, after watching Much Ado one night I actually dreamt this up. So this is my attempt at giving everyone a look at how strange my brain works. For those of you who don't know the play the beginning is going to seem a bit strange, but keep reading, you'll soon understand. So now that I've babbled on incessantly please read and let me know what you think. Did I completely screw it up, or does it make at least the tiniest bit of sense?Ch1Albus Dumbledore had just apparated in front of the Burrow, a conflict of emotions overcoming him. It was the first time since the death of Sirius Black that the Order was meeting again. The sad event was still in the forefront of his mind, and yet he was happy to be seeing the others. That is with the exception of one person, the one that no one in the school, other than a select few, would guess. Minerva McGonagall, his Deputy Headmistress, the Transfiguration professor, and secretly the woman he was most loath to see.Stepping up to the door, he was greeted a moment later by Molly, ushering him in, "Oh Albus, it's so nice to see you.""And you Molly. You look well," he smiled at her as she blushed lightly."Why thank you Professor. You do as well. Now, come on through here. We're only waiting for a few others," Molly said leading him out to the garden where most of the Order was already seated around the large table. Lanterns were hanging in the air above the table giving it a soft glow.Taking a seat at the head of the table he returned Remus's kind smile a few seats down, and Arthur's handshake from the seat next to him, "Good to see you tonight Albus.""You as well Arthur, I presume everything is going well at work?" Albus asked looking around the table for the first time and noticing the absence of Minerva."For the moment," Arthur answered almost sounding sad. "Not that I don't notice them keeping a closer tab on me lately.""I am sorry," Albus said sadly, noticing a moment later as the door swung open revealing a tall witch with black hair pulled into a severe bun and tartan robes. Realizing for the first time that the seat immediately to his left was one of two vacant he knew which she would choose. Turning to Arthur, Albus whispered, "Arthur, I entreat you give me something to do.""What are you talking about?" Arthur asked looking at his friend as if he'd gone insane."Minerva is approaching," Albus answered quickly, "can I get you another cup of tea, a piece of Molly's fudge, anything at all?""I'm fine Albus. Besides, you'll have to talk to her eventually," Arthur smirked at Albus's sudden change around the beautiful witch."That may well be, but it doesn't mean I can't postpone as long as possible," Albus said watching Minerva make her way towards them.Stopping in front of the empty chair next to him Minerva scowled, "Are you still talking Albus? You do realize no one is listening.""Ah, Minerva, what a pleasure to see you," he answered his voice dripping with sarcasm. "You are mistaken, only you excluded I am sure the others are merely waiting for me to start this meeting.""Oh don't let me stop you, your eminence," she answered in the same sarcastic tone. "It's a well-known fact we all meet just to hear you speak.""Would you prefer conducting this meeting instead?" he asked waiting to see if she would rise to the bait."Certainly not. I couldn't bear to see you outdone," she smirked, watching the fire grow in his eyes."If you believe you could do better Minerva, I would not stand in your way," Albus shot back quickly."No Albus, we all know you're the star of the show. Please, go right ahead," she smirked, waiting for him to answer."Enough," he said quietly so that only those closest to him to hear, shooting a dark look at her. Standing he started the meeting, a smile now replaced on his face, "Good evening everyone, I would like to thank you for coming tonight. I know it is a risk for everyone"An hour or so later the Burrow was nearly empty with the exception of a few stragglers. Minerva was in the kitchen with Molly, stirring the cup of tea in front of her more than actually drinking it. Molly looked over at her friend, noticing her strange demeanor. Placing her hand over Minerva's, she asked, "Is everything alright dear?""Perfectly well Molly, why?" Minerva answered a bit too quickly for Molly to really believe her. Call it mother's intuition, but she knew there was something wrong with her friend."Is this about Albus?" Molly asked, watching Minerva's reaction closely.Minerva bristled, "I said I am fine. Besides, why would any mood I'm in have to do with Albus?""Because, no matter how much you try to deny it, there is more to your relationship than you're willing to admit," Molly answered easily taking a sip of her tea."Relationship! Between me and him?! Someone must have slipped something in your tea. There is no way in Merlin's name I would be in a relationship with that man!" Minerva retorted quickly, biting the head off of a ginger newt.Molly chose not to answer, but smiled lightly, "What happened between you two Minerva?"Sighing in defeat, Minerva looked deeply into her cup, "It's a long story.""I've got time," Molly answered kicking her heels up onto the chair next to her.Minerva didn't look up from her cup as she started, "Albus and I were together at one time, just after the first war. He'd made me his deputy just before that and we'd become rather close. One day he merely said he couldn't be with me anymore. He refused to go into details, no explanation whatsoever. It was as if one day we were in love and everything seemed perfect, and then out of nowhere he no longer wanted to be with me.""He didn't give you any inkling at all?" Molly asked astounded at Albus's lack of caring for Minerva's feelings."None, not so much as the classic, 'It's not you it's me'. He simply told me one day that he could no longer see me. I tried to get him to explain, nevertheless it was in vain," Minerva said quietly, the hurt in her voice breaking Molly's heart."Oh Minerva, I'm so sorry," Molly placed her hand on Minerva's arm comfortingly. "You really did care for him didn't you?""Indeed, however it no longer matters. We are not what we were, we must all live in the here and now," Minerva stated resolutely. "I'm sorry Molly, but I must be off. I do have classes in the morning.""Of course," Molly answered getting to her feet along with Minerva, "if you ever need someone to talk to you know where to find me."Minerva smiled and squeezed her hand quickly, "Thank you, but I'll be fine. I'll see you at the next meeting."With a faint pop Minerva disapparated, leaving Molly alone in the kitchen. After cleaning up their cups and putting the biscuits away Molly made her way into the sitting room. Arthur was sitting in his favorite, sagging, armchair chatting with Tonks and Remus who were seated on either end of the couch. Their conversation seemed to have come to a natural standstill as Molly entered the room, taking a seat on the arm of Arthur's chair. Tonks looked up at her curiously, noticing the pensive look on Molly's face, "Something on your mind Molly?""There is Tonks. I was just talking to Minerva. She seemed a bit sad tonight," Molly said, trying not to let her friend's secret be known."Is it just me or is there more to Minerva and Albus than they're letting on?" Tonks asked suddenly, surprising Molly to no end."What do you mean dear?" Molly asked trying to recover quickly.Tonks shrugged, stating plainly, "I think that they secretly have feelings for each other.""You can't be serious?" Remus asked, looking at her as if she'd lost her mind."No I mean it." Tonks answered adamantly.Arthur scoffed, "If they were together for a week they'd drive each other mad.""Don't you see that's just it!" Tonks said getting more animated as she continued on. "Neither one of them wants to admit it, but they both feel the same way. And I'm going to prove it.""How do you plan to do that?" Molly asked curious to the younger witch's plan."With help from all of you," Tonks answered with a smile. "Are you in?"Molly nodded, "I'll do anything I can.""You ladies obviously know something I don't, but sure I'll help," Arthur shook his head, still unbelieving.Tonks turned her attention to Remus sitting on the other side of the couch, "And you Remus?"Remus stroked the scruff starting on his chin contemplating, then answered, "I still think you're mad, but if you truly believe it, then yes I'll help.""Great!" Tonks exclaimed nearly jumping off the couch as she got to her feet. "Now here's the plan"
