So, here's a Charlie fanfic! Only own my OCs! Reviews, favs and follows are appreciated! Enjoy! "The boy with hair of flames. With eyes of sea and storm. The strength of ten men and the soul of a dragon. This is the man you must seek.""Ugh! Mum! I didn't ask for who my future love was gonna be! I just asked if you could see anything bad happening this year!" I groaned at my mother. She was a seer and while most seers didn't use their skill so carelessly, she didn't seem to mind.She sighed, running a hand through her frizzy hair. Luckily, I'd gotten my dad's hair which was curly and dark, but not frizzy. "I'm sorry darling, it's just that I've missed you so much since you've been in America all this time.""I can't believe I have to be with the first years and get sorted along with them." I whimpered, dropping my chin into my palm.My mother patted my shoulder sympathetically. "Darling, just be sure to keep an eye out for him, he'll be in school with you." she winked.I rolled my eyes, but felt a smile spread across my face. "Alright, mum." I gave her arm a squeeze. "Now c'mon, we've got to get my school supplies." I twirled my silver wand in my fingers."Oh stop doing that, you'll drop it." she scolded, striding through the streets of Diagon Alley with me in tow.I giggled. "Mum, I've been doing this with my wand for the past five years." she sent me a teasing glare as we entered a shop to collect my books.As I was about to flick my wand to get the books, mum snatched it from my hands. "I know that you're allowed to use magic at fifteen in America, but here, it's seventeen.""What?!" my jaw dropped.She nodded firmly. "Not a single spell until you're within the walls of Hogwarts." I huffed and crossed my arms over my chest until I saw a rather attractive boy from the corner of my eye.He had blonde hair to his chin and a bit of stubble. Brown eyes and a lanky, but muscular form. I turned to face him and grinned. He gave a soft smile back. I giggled and winked before turning back to my mum.She pulled me into an aisle of books, "Didn't I tell you! You'll meet the right boy at school this year. Focus!""Oh, mum! You know how I am! I can't help it!" I shrugged, laughing softly.She glared at me from behind her thin glasses. "Well start helping it. You're meeting the proper man for you this year and I don't want you screwing up the future."I sighed and nodded, following her from store to store. Unlike most mums, when mine said she didn't want me screwing up my future, she meant my literal future. Like, if I didn't do what she prophesied, I would mess up time and space and bad things would happen.Tough having a seer as a mum. "Well! You'll be leaving tomorrow and-" her lips trembled and I inwardly groaned."Oh...mum, please don't cry." I grimaced as tears started streaming down her face."How about we get dinner downstairs!" I offered, hoping that she would leap at the chance to feed me.She did. She dragged me down the stairs of the Leaky Cauldron and into the dining area. "Mum, you'll yank my arm out!" I gasped as we reached the bottom stair. As soon as she looked up, she saw something and stumbled into the wall."Mum!" I shouted, grabbing her and leading her to a chair. "Mum! What is it? What do you see?!"A red-headed woman and her children(all of whom had flaming red hair as well) shuffled over. "Oh, darling, is she alright?" the woman asked, concerned.I couldn't help but blush at the attention we were getting from everyone in the inn. "Oh, um yes, sorry. She's a seer, she must've...well...seen something that set her off. Mum...please, you're causing a scene.""Oh my, American?" the woman asked, obviously shocked.I nodded, not looking away from my glassy-eyed mother. "Mum! Snap out of it!" Instantly, she jumped and shook her head."I'm so sorry darling, I saw something." she smiled, glancing at the family that had come over. "I really must apologize, I didn't mean to startle anyone. Let me make it up to you, join us for dinner." she offered, almost pushing the woman to take her up on it."Really?!" two of the children said in unison, they certainly looked like twins."Really." mum smiled. "I insist." As the family sat down with us at the fairly large table, mum pulled me close and began whispering in my ear. "See the boy with the dragon on his shirt?" I nodded. "Him."I don't know why, but I blushed at the thought that HE was going to be my future. I never blushed. I'd learned from the best flirter in the world(my father) how to never blush, and here I was.I regained my proper color and smiled politely at the woman. "Well! We're the Weasleys." she beamed at us and I couldn't help but grin at her."We're the Woodalls." my mum smiled back, reaching out to shake the woman's hand. "This is my daughter Evelyn. She's going to be a sixth year, although it'll be her first year at Hogwarts.""Oh, how exciting!" Mrs. Weasley clapped. "My son, Charlie, is going to be a sixth year as well! He could show you around the castle and to your classes!" she gestured to the boy in the dragon shirt.Well...at least he wasn't bad looking. "Oh that won't be nece-ow!" I helped as my mother elbowed me sharply in the side. "Thank you."The twins giggled and I sent a wink at them causing them to laugh louder. "So! Do you know what house you're to be in?"My smiled fell from my face and I looked away form the table and at several moving photographs on the wall. "She doesn't know just yet, I'm afraid. She's been going to school in America.""Oh, I see. Which one?" Mrs. Weasley chirped kindly. I loved this woman already.I could practically feel the pride coming from my mother in waves. "The San Francisco Academy for Bright Young Witches and Wizards."I shook my head. "Mum, no one knows it by that name. It's just The Academy." I glanced lazily back at the family.All of their jaws were wide open, even Charlie's, whose face hadn't changed the entire time. "The Academy? THE Academy?""Yes ma'am." I nodded.She sat up straighter in her seat. "Charlie! You take good care of this young lady!" he looked over at her in shock and I couldn't help but snort. I knew exactly what she meant by 'good care' and she didn't need to worry. It was already decided for us by the stars...or whatever mum always says.I took a deep breath before running at the brick wall. I shut my eyes tightly, expecting to slam right into it, but opened my eyes a moment later to find a brightly lit area with a huge, smoking train. I turned to my mum to see that she was already tearing up."Oh mum...I'll be home for Christmas! It'll be the holidays before you even know it!" I smiled, giving her a tight hug.She nodded, holding me at arms length before pulling me back into another crushing hug. "Now, you be good. And be nice to that Charlie, you understand?""Yes, mum." I smiled."Good. Now go before I take you right back home." I laughed and grabbed my suitcase, waving to her as I got on the train.I walked through the train looking for an empty compartment. I had to go all the way to the back until I found one. Now, I'm fairly short...very short actually. I'm also fairly small, so I wasn't entirely sure of how to go about putting my rather large suitcase on the rack above the seats.I huffed and grabbed the thing, heaving it up over my head and stretching my body as much as I could to try and get the damned thing up. I couldn't help the high pitched shriek that left me as the enormous thing began to come back down.Suddenly, the weight was lifted from me and strong-looking arms pushed the suitcase onto the rack. "Barely even on the train and already getting into trouble?" a deep voice asked from behind me."Charlie! Thank you..." I mumbled to the tall, red-haired boy.He gave a small smile and nodded. "Do you mind if I join you in your compartment?" I shook my head, smiling brightly at him."Not at all, I'd love some company." I could've been mistaken, but I thought I saw a bit of red creep to the tips of his freckled ears and my grin grew wider.He sat across from me, both of us by the window. We looked out the window, spotting our mothers talking and crying. We shared a glance and started laughing as the train took off."So," I started, a few minutes into our trip. "What's Hogwarts like?""Well, it's really big. It's a castle. Um...the stairs shift while you're walking on them and there's a couple of trick steps. Each House has its own common room and something guarding the common room so that people can't just get in whenever they please." he looked up as if checking that I wasn't asleep."Right, and what are these Houses?" I leaned on the small table attached to the window.He nodded. "There's Gryffindor, Slytherin, Hufflepuff, and Ravenclaw. Gryffindor is known for being brave. Slytherin is known for cunning. Hufflepuff for justness. And Ravenclaw for intelligence.""And what House are you in?" I had a feeling I already knew.I noticed that he puffed out his chest slightly. "Gryffindor."I giggled. "I thought so."He smiled and leaned back in his seat. "What House do you think you want to be in?""Well...no offense to them...but as long as it's not Hufflepuff." Charlie busted out laughing. So hard, in fact, that he clutched his sides and leaned against the wall for support."Anything sweet for you dears?" a woman asked from the hallway. At the mention of sweets, I sat up straight and nodded eagerly.I grabbed Charlie by the arm and tugged him over to the cart. "What's good?" I asked him happily."Well...everything actually." He shrugged sheepishly.I beamed, "Alright then, two of everything please."The woman seemed surprised, but nodded, gathering up the candies and handing them over as I gave her some galleons. "Thank you!" I called as she walked back down the hall. I shut the door to the compartment and plopped back into my seat."Can you really eat all that?" Charlie looked at me, wide-eyed.I giggled loudly. "Of course not, half of it's for you.""What?! No, I couldn't." he shook his head.I ignored him and began sorting out the candies so that we each got one of every kind. "There you go." I began tossing the candy to his side of the compartment."Evelyn! I can't accept this!" he was basically pleading."So you're just going to let my money go to waste? Eat." I commanded. "Or I'll tell your mother." I lifted an eyebrow as if asking if he dared to defy me.He held my gaze for a moment before sighing and giving in. I grinned triumphantly and began eating. "So, I told you about Hogwarts." he spoke after swallowing a bite of candy. "Tell me about The Academy. If you went to school there, you might be put in Ravenclaw.""Well," I chewed thoughtfully on a Pumpkin Pasty. "It's right in the middle of San Francisco, but it's very easy to hide from muggles seeing as they can't see anything, poor fools. Anyway! It's full of really easygoing, funny, smart people and I'm going to miss it terribly. The teachers are great and the classes are fun, we get to go out around the city whenever we don't have classes and we live in apartments, not dorms."Charlie stared at me for a minute. "That...sounds amazing!" he grinned at me, teeth and all...it was kind of adorable. "Why in the hell would you leave?!"I stopped shoveling candy in my mouth and put down the box of Bertie Botts. "Um...well I sort of got expelled actually."He stopped eating as well. "Um..how?""Well, I took the blame for something my friend did and got expelled for lying to the headmaster." I shrugged, popping more candy in my mouth.After a while, Charlie switched to sit next to me and we turned, facing each other and taking animatedly about various things. Mostly dragons.A few minutes after Charlie started explaining the aggressive attitude difference between male and female dragons, someone slid the compartment door open."So, it's true." a blonde, blue eyed, slim boy smirked. "There IS an American coming to our school."A boy with green eyes and dark brown hair spoke up. "And she's not bad looking, for an American." I pursed my lips and narrowed my eyes at them."Now why on earth would she be talking to a Weasley?" another blonde boy asked, he looked as though he was the brother of the first blonde.I could see Charlie tense from the corner of my eye. "Because I find him very interesting." I smiled, despite having the urge to hit these boys with my neatly packed long board."Oh, love, we are so much more interesting than this scum." the first blonde smirked, turning to his friends. "Since she's from America, she must not know..."The second blonde laughed. "The Weasleys are the lowest of the low. They're so poor that a Knut is a blessing." all three laughed. I could see Charlie growing red with anger.I rose from my seat and placed a hand on Charlie's broad shoulder. "Well money may mean a lot to assholes like you, but Charlie Weasley happens to have the biggest heart of anyone I've ever known. And that's what matters to me." I glared at them."Well, he may have a heart, but we all know he's got no soul." the brunette laughed.I narrowed my eyes dangerously at them, letting go of Charlie's tense shoulder. I stalked up to the brunette and punched him quickly in the nose before shoving them all out, shutting the door, locking it and drawing the blinds.I sat down beside Charlie and crossed my arms, scowling out he window. "Well they were extremely rude." I turned to him after a minute."You just punched him in the face." he looked on the verge of laughing."Well, yes. That's what I do to people who annoy me." I spoke airily, waving it off as nothing. "Also, that's what I do to people who are rude to my friends."He looked surprised. "Friends?""Sorry," I paused, suddenly feeling self-conscious. "I thought we were...""No! Of course we are! I just...well I don't know." he finished lamely, a half-smile on his face.I nodded curtly. "Well now you know." it didn't take long for us both to fall asleep on the long journey to Hogwarts.
