AuthorsNote: This is a new story, it's been brewing in my head for months! And I'm finally going to write it down! Please read the authors note at the end!And I never saw you comingAnd I'll never be the same-Taylor Swift- State of GracePrologue:Harry Potter remembered the first time they told him he was betrothed. He was 6 years old and all he wanted to do was go play in the gardens near the stables. He knew there was a girl, a girl from a different kingdom far away. A kingdom named Ravenclaw, and she was to be queen.He himself was a prince, the prince of Gryffindor, his father the king would pass the throne to him when it was time. His mother was the one who told him of the deal their fathers had made three years ago. A contract between both kingdoms, they would be wed, and Ravenclaw would get the assistance they needed.Harry remembered when he first met the little queen. She was bossy and had frizzy hair, she didn't like to play outside. Yet she always followed him around. She followed him when he went down to the pond, she followed him when he went to play in the woods, and she followed him when he went to a hidden room in the castle. That room was his own hidden sanctuary. And she had intruded.He was incredibly angry with her. She cried, he remembered feeling guilty afterward, to comfort her, he brought her up some warm milk with honey.They had a semblance of a friendship. It was weird to think that this girl was one day going to be his wife. He couldn't fathom then, that he would rule a country at the age of 22, and she would be by his side. Or well, he would be by her side. And soon.The day of her arrival was fast approaching. And he had no idea who approached. Was she still the same bossy, bushy haired girl from his childhood?Hermione Granger remembered the day she was sent away to be kept safe at a convent. She was playing with some dolls her mother had imported from a far away land. She was happily content on staying in the library playing and watching her mother read. Then mayhem ensued, somebody intruded upon the castle and killed her father. She was four years old, almost five, and she was picked up by a guard like she was a sack of flour and taken to an awaiting carriage. From there she was sent to a convent in a different kingdom. A kingdom across the sea.Her father was dead and she was the remaining heir. Her mother held her seat until it was time for her to rule. And in the mean time, she was taught everything she would need to know about being queen at this convent. A special tutor was sent with her, and she learned everything there was to rule a country.She remembered when they came to tell her about the betrothal contract between Ravenclaw and Gryffindor, she was 7 years old. She was to marry Prince Harry Potter of Gryffindor. She vaguely remembered playing with him when she was 3, almost 4 years old. Although, at that time, she was only told he was going to be an important part of her life.She didn't think anything of it. He was kind of mean to her, and still she followed him around everywhere, she thought the world of him anyway. She remembers the comfort he gave to her in the form of a goblet of warm milk and honey. That was one of her last memories of him. She hoped he was still the same boy she remembered, now though, he was a man. And he was to rule beside her.And finally, it was time to go fulfill a contract. She was headed to the Kingdom of Gryffindor. She was to head to Gryffindor and meet her prince again.She didn't know who awaited her. But maybe this time, he would be the one following her.Just in case you didn't understand the timeline:Harry is 6 yrs old when he is told of the contract.Hermione is 7 years old when she is told.When they first meet, Harry is 6 and she is 3 almost 4 years old.Hermione is 4 almost 5 years old when her father is assassinated and she is declared the heir to the throne of Ravenclaw, and hence sent to the convent.And when Hermione is going to meet Harry for the second time she is almost 20 years old and Harry is 22 years old.Authors Note: New story, there will be no magic in this story. It completely AU, but the characters will still have some semblance of their mannerisms from canon! This story will not have an uploaded chapter everyday like Without Words, mostly because since this is almost a historical AU, it has to be written carefully, and has to be researched.This story may be reminiscent of the CWs new show: Reign. I completely love that show, and some of this story is influenced by the show. But trust me, it will not have all the plot twists that that show has. Plus, I can guarantee, no love triangles or any variation of geometry will be in this story! Thank you, and please review if you have any questions or just like the story...!
