Comfort In the Arms of The EnemyChapter 1She was stressed. Of course she was stressed she was Hermione Granger. She was the bookworm, she was taking as many electives she could on top of her normal classes and Head girl duties. She had lectured Ron and Harry they won't get a decent job if they didn't complete their seventh year and get their NEWTS. Of course with Harry being Harry Potter and the three of them being the golden trio  they were all offered jobs at that the Ministry without NEWTS. However Hermione wanted to be a healer and or and Rights Activist.Right now she was stressed, NETWS were far off with it being only November, but with Ron as a boyfriend and Harry as a friend they didn't understand the meaning off pre-studying. She had for the past seven to eight years been the homework girl. While she would do her homework the day it was assigned Harry and Ron would leave it until the day before it was due, coming to her when she had finished her and about to go to bed. Even then they would goof off.Now as Head Girl she had her own common room, admittedly she had to share it with the Head Boy, who was Draco Malfoy. Everyone, but her and a few others, still thought of him as the enemy despite the war being over. Hermione had to get on with, tolerate him at least due their living quarters and being Heads. Then over the past three months he had turned out to be an ok, especially with his mother helping Harry in the end of the war. When everyone learned Snape had been a spy for the order before his death, and Draco had helped him that went in his favour. Ron and Harry still weren't sure of him. With all the time she spent in the Head's common room with Hermione, Ginny was ok with him.It was eleven, curfew time had past an hour ago and Draco would be in from his rounds soon. Hermione was burning the candle at both ends, six am sometimes five to at least midnight if not one in the morning. When Draco came back a few minutes later he wasn't surprised to see her falling asleep into a pile of books and parchment."Granger go to bed," he said, as he passed."I need to finish this essay," she yawned, stretching her neck.Draco went to stand behind her and saw the essay."That's not due for two weeks," he said, brining his hands to her neck."What are you doing?" she asked."Keep reading," he answered, as he began to knead the muscles in her neck and shoulder."How can I read when you're doing that," she answered."Fine try and read," he answered."It's making me sleepy," she yawned."Hmminteresting, Half eleven at night and Granger is tired that is a first," said Draco."I'm tired every night Malfoy I just push myself to stay up later," answered Hermione."You're the smartest girl in school Granger, you're always way headed of everyone else I think you can afford to go bed at a decent time and still be at least a month ahead of everyone. I bet you could take all your NEWTS tomorrow and pass," answered Draco."Is that a compliment?" she asked."I am capable of them," he answered.She yawned and pulled herself away from him."I've not finished," he protested."I need to go sleep," she answered."Ok I'm not implying anything but would you like the massage finishing in your room?" asked Draco. "You can sit on the bed I'll stand behind you and you can go to sleep.""If I fall asleep during the massage?" she asked."I'll finish it and tuck you in," he answered.She nodded."I'll just go and get ready for bed," she answered."What about your things?" he asked."Oh yeah," she answered, she waved her wand and everything was packed away into her room or her bag.She headed to her room and settled for bed. Once ready she called Draco. The massage to her neck and shoulders made her feel incredibly relaxed and sleepily and when it finished she was almost asleep."Malfoy," she murmured."Yeah?" he asked, as he stepped away from the bed."Do you do foot, ankle and back massages too?" she asked."Well that you're just going to have to wait to find out Granger," he answered. "Night."With that he left the room and Hermione fell into a deep sleep filled with dreams of massages by Draco.Review PleaseGabriella Somerfield
