Author's Note- please readThis is my first ever fanfic so,I'm still getting the hang of things, as soon as I get even one comment saying that I should continue I will write the next chapter. Please comment even if it is to say that you hate it. I accept all comments, of course unless they are profane. Ask me questions to if you would like. Xoxo I hope you like it. Any tips as well would be appreciated!I don't own anything but my story./The tightness in her throat, threatening to take over was familiar by now. Her legs ached from running so fast and hard. The voice of her mother rang through her ears, "COWARD COWARD COWARD". She sank down onto the cold wet floor of Moaning Myrtle's bathroom unintentionally letting out a small gasp as the chill swept through her body. "It's ok, you're at Hogwarts, you will be fine" she whispered in a desperate attempt to compose herself before her first lesson of the day, transfiguration with the Slytherins. "You know, you could always just kill yourself, " Moaning Myrtle suggested, "You can bring that Potter boy back here as well." Always after Harry. Checking her watch, She realized that she had less than two minutes to get to transfiguration, she would never make it in time. "Might as well just stay here then." She muttered./"Minerva dear, have something more than tea." She was only faintly aware that her colleague has spoken at all, for she had far more pressing matters on her brain. She had just seen my prize student run out of the hall, clearly distraught, after receiving an owl. Lately though, this was not a rare occurrence. She thought back to the prior weeks and noticed that she had been getting many more than usual, though none had evoked a response this strong." She merely nodded at the headmaster as he again unsuccessfully tried to tempt her with a biscuit. Without a word she hastily stood up and strode out of the Great Hall. She however, was most concerned not with Hermione's frequent owls, but with her dropping performance in all of her classes. Many teaches had informed her of Hermione's lackluster participation. Even professor Snape became concerned after she blew up two potions in a single class period. She had also been habitually absent at meals. Thoughts whirring around in her head she nearly collided with some exhausted looking first years running to the Hall to grab something before class, which started in five minutes. She didn't have time to go searching for Hermione now, and just prayed that she would show up for class. When she did not arrive, McGonagall started to become more anxious with each passing minute. She had set her third years the task of turning a teapot into a tortoise. Her thoughts were so occupied that she dismissed the class to break without homework. As soon as the last student had left, she set herself to the task of finding Hermione./"I really ought to try to go to History of Magic with Binns", she thought " Or. Could just stay here and sulk." She decided on the latter. She finally took out the letter that she had received this morning. She hadn't even been able to read it properly because it was quite difficult for her to get past even the first few lines.Hermione,Your recent behavior has been appalling and cowardly. You are just like your grandmother, a coward. If you can't get over your petty problems both your father and I see it best that you come home over the holidays and not return to your school. We've tried our best, but we obviously haven't made much progress. I suggest that you pull yourself together, or you can expect more of you-know-what. Don't you dare go and squeal like a coward. We expect to see you in December, and hope that you've been able to sort yourself out by then.MomShe read it over and over. Mentioning her grandmother was a new twist to these letters, but other than that it was what she always read. Her grandmother, had committed suicide two years earlier, a very cowardly act according to her mother. Mrs. Granger did not believe in mental illness like depression or eating disorders. To her self harm was an act of attention seeking. Hermione loathed her mother because of this. She was so angry. Soon there were hot tears flowing freely down her face. As hatred overtook her, she punched the mirror over the sinks and reached down for a shard of glass. Without thinking she immediately brought the jagged edge to her wrist, already littered with scars and recent marks. She pressed it down and dragged it slowly at first, watching the blood drip. Blood meant that she'd done it right. She did it again and again until she had five parallel slits each wider that the last. She then sunk back down in defeat. Her body still wracked with sobs, she didn't had the distinct clack of heels as her professor entered the lavatory. Almost instinctively Minerva lowered herself onto the floor next to the upset child and put a protective arm over her shoulder, grabbing away the broken shard of mirror. Hermione, startled, jumped up only to see it was her favorite professor, she wouldn't have wanted anybody else to see her in such a state. "Look at me, dear" Minerva said lifting the chin of Hermione, " Would you care to tell me what is the matter?" Hermione just shook her head. "Or perhaps you would rather tell me why you were not in my class this morning and why you are not in History of Magic now." She replied without missing a beat. Hermione simply sighed and handed over the letter. Minerva's mouth grew wider with shock at every sentence that she read.
