Author's Note: I'm back! This is the sequel to the Road Not Taken, which covers first year. You should probably read that if you want to understand some of the references, but I suppose if you just read on it's not hard to pick up what's happening. Recap: Su's from an alternate universe - our universe - and has read up to Goblet of Fire. She befriended Harry in Diagon Alley in Ollivander's wand store, and changed the course of the plot. His best friends are now Neville and Su. Malfoy is not his worst enemy. He is good at potions. Quirrell kidnapped the trio at the end of First Year, and there was drama. And trauma. Now, they are determined to be prepared for whatever might come their way. Also weird dreams and foreshadowing. Also, independent!Harry, smart!Harry, confident(ish)!Neville... and no Romance for those less than fourteen. ~ Summer ~Harry Potter was feeling rather miserable. Though the sun shone brightly outside his window, he found himself recalling a different sort of fire trapping him and his best friend in a room with a mirror and a madman.The events of the last year were a bit of a blur  discovering he was a wizard, befriending Su Li and Neville Longbottom, joining the Quidditch team as Seeker, the adventure with a three-headed dog and getting kidnapped by Professor Quirrell, who turned out to have Voldemort in the back of his head.Now, three weeks out of school, Harry was feeling as trapped as he ever had while at the Dursleys. They'd locked all his school stuff away in the cupboard under the stairs, never mind that Harry had holiday homework. The cupboard had once been his bedroom, too, but now he lived in what was previously Dudley's second bedroom/trash disposal room. It was as much of a prison as his cupboard had ever been.To make matters worse, despite their promises, neither of Harry's so-called best friends had written to him all summer. He'd written countless letters to them, but received no reply.Then, on the twelfth of July, someone rang the doorbell.Aunt Petunia answered the door, and was surprised to find herself face to face with a young Chinese girl, no more than eleven or twelve, smiling sweetly up at her. Petunia squinted suspiciously at the girl, but there didn't seem to be anything out of place about her  dressed ordinarily in jeans and a flowery blouse, not like those ridiculous robes that those those people often decked themselves out in.The girl must have been a friend of Dudley's. Or perhaps a relative of one of the neighbours."Hello," the girl said, smiling. "Are you Mrs Dursley, by any chance?""I am," Petunia smiled back at the girl."I'm Su," the girl said. "Su Li. I was wondering is Harry around?"Petunia froze."I beg your pardon?""Is Harry around? Harry Potter. You see, it's my birthday today  I'm turning twelve  and I wanted to invite him to my party. And  if it were okay with you  I was hoping he might stay with me for the rest of the holidays."Petunia Dursley blinked. Taking that freak off her hands for the rest of the summer it sounded like a dream come true. But other times she'd tried to get rid of the boy, he'd always shown up again, dragged along by that nasty old man with his twinkling eyes.This had better not be a trick, Petunia thought crossly."Boy!" She shouted. "Come down here!"Harry scampered down the stairs, expecting to be given more chores  like weeding the garden, or walking down to the market to buy groceries. He didn't expect to see his best friend, standing at the door, looking innocent as a daisy."Su?""Hello, Harry," Su waved, still standing in the doorway. "I was hoping to invite you to my birthday party today. The Weasleys are hosting  their mum insisted  and she'd like you to stay over for the rest of the holidays, if that was okay with you.""Really?""Haven't you been getting my letters?" Su asked, puzzled."No," Harry frowned. "You've been sending letters?""Drat," Su frowned. "I'd hoped it would work if I sent them through the muggle mail. Never mind that, Harry  do you want to come? If it's all right with your Aunt and Uncle.""Aunt Petunia, may I go?" Harry asked, holding his breath. Please, please, please.She regarded them warily, and then sniffed."Fine," she said. "But don't expect us to take you to King's Cross Station in September. If those freaks want to take you, then I don't want you back 'til June."Su and Harry exchanged excited glances. "Go get your stuff, Harry, I'll wait here."Harry raced up the stairs to his bedroom, hurriedly throwing everything he owned  not much  into a rucksack, and then running back downstairs. Aunt Petunia had already unlocked the cupboard where all his school things had been kept. Su helped him lug his trunk over to the car waiting for them outside, and then, finally, they were on their way.Harry didn't even bother saying goodbye."So you've been writing to me?" Harry asked, suddenly."All summer," Su nodded. "I wrote you through the muggle mail system, because I worried that your family wouldn't let you get any owls  magic and all that. Someone must be monitoring your mail. I mean, where are all your fan letters?""Fan letters?" Harry blinked. Su rolled her eyes."Yes, fan letters. You are a celebrity after all. I bet loads of people wrote to you after you defeated Darth Volder. Someone must have been monitoring the mail so that no one could send you anything cursed.""Cursed?" Harry squeaked."Well, you did defeat a Dark Lord," Su's Aunt Beatrice told him, driving the car. "A lot of You-Know-Who's supporters weren't very happy with you. There's a reason why your location is classified in the ministry  so that those supporters of You-Know-Who still at large can't find you and hurt you.""Oh." Harry turned back to Su, who was bouncing excitedly in her seat, humming. "So it's your birthday today, Su?" She nodded. "I haven't got you a present, you know.""If you want to, we can stop by Diagon Alley," Beatrice offered. "We've got to swing by there anyway, because I have some robe orders I want to pick up. And Su wants to buy a book on Ancient Runes and their healing applications.""For your eyes," Su whispered to Harry. "Or to fix your glasses."They parked a few blocks away from the Leaky Cauldron, and walked the rest of the way. They didn't stop in to eat, though Harry waved to Tom the barkeep, and then they walked through the pub and into Diagon Alley.It was as wonderful as Harry remembered  there were all sorts of things to see. People bartering over Dragon's Liver, and ordering up a barrel of newt eyes at the apothecary. There were books about invisibility and monsters in the window of Flourish and Blotts, and already there were a handful of Hogwarts students trickling into Madam Malkin's robe shop to upsize their uniforms.Aunt Beatrice led the pair into Gringotts, where Harry realised, quite suddenly, that he didn't have his key. Hagrid must have kept it from last year, or Dumbledore."Just ask a goblin," Beatrice assured him. "If you have proof of blood right, they'll make you up a new key. People lose theirs all the time.""Blood right?" Harry asked."It's not hard," Beatrice assured him. "They'll give you a blood quill, you write your name with it, and they confirm your identity. It won't do any lasting damage unless you use it too much. There are laws against that, fortunately.""Come on, Harry," Su tugged him towards an empty booth. "Aunt Bea will be fine on her own. Besides I want to ride the carts! It's like a rollercoaster!""All right," Harry followed her too the booth, where the goblin working there looked up at them and sneered. Harry wondered if he was trying for a smile."Names?" The goblin asked."Harry Potter, sir," he said. "I was hoping to access my vault, only well. I've not got my key, sir.""Lost, is it?" The goblin scoffed."Somebody else has it." Harry explained"Your guardian?""Er, I don't think so." The goblin sat up at this, and squinted at him."Explain," he hissed."Er, well, my guardians are my aunt and uncle," Harry told him. "But I think that Headmaster Albus Dumbledore has my vault key.""Hmmm," the goblin laced his fingers together, deep in thought. "Most unorthodox. Do you wish for us to create a new key for you?""If it's not too much trouble," Harry admitted.The goblin pulled out a thick booklet of paperwork and a quill. "Sign your full name, here, and initial  all three now  here, here, here, here"There were about twenty places to initial, and Harry ignored the painful itching in his left hand until he was done. Putting down the quill, he lifted his hand and winced at the initials carved there  HJP. The goblin handed him a Band-Aid decorated with little animated golden snitches."That's ghastly," Su whispered, eyeing the scratches in his hand. "Who on earth invented those? If they're going to take blood from your veins, they don't need to maim you in the process.""That will heal up in a few minutes," the goblin assured Harry, ignoring Su. He dipped his hand into a drawer behind the counter, and handed Harry a thin gold wire. As soon as it dropped into Harry's palm, the wire shivered, and began to reshape itself, until Harry soon had a small gold key in his hand."Do you have a chain, or something, that he can keep it on?" Su asked."Anti-theft, Loss-Prevention chains are two galleons each, when charmed dragon-hide." The goblin informed them. "Gold ones are five galleons. Silver are three galleons.""I'll take one of the dragon-hide ones, please," Harry told the goblin, who scribbled something on a piece of paper, and then drew out a necklace made of small brown chain links  tanned and charmed dragon-hide."The two galleons have been removed from your account," the goblin informed Harry. "Would you like to be taken to your vault, now?""Yes please."The goblin waved them behind the counter, stopping when Su moved to follow."She's not authorised," the goblin growled."She's with me," Harry assured him quickly. Su smiled gratefully at him. The goblin frowned, but didn't protest further.The cart ride down to the vault was as fast and frightening as Harry remembered, though Su enjoyed herself. "It's like flying," she said to him. "Don't you think?""A little," Harry shrugged, but there was something missing. The sky, he thought.He opened his vault, and took a moment to gape at the mounds of money before him; gold, silver, and bronze, spilling all over the floor."Harry," Su breathed. "How much money do you have?"The goblin pulled out a piece of parchment, and handed it to Su."Two thousand, one hundred and eighty three galleons, four thousand and twelve sickles, and eight thousand four hundred and nine knuts.""So your net worth is" Su frowned as she concentrated. Harry wondered if she was calculating in her head. "Twenty-nine knuts to a sickle, seventeen sickles to a galleon. That's almost two hundred and ninety galleons in knuts, about two hundred and thirty-six galleons in sickles Harry, you're worth about twenty seven hundred galleons. If a sickle is equivalent to about a pound, then seventeen by twenty seven hundred that's about forty-six thousand pounds. Impressive. So if we put aside, say, two hundred and fifty galleons for the next six years of your schooling  that's for emergencies or expensive Quidditch supplies, as well as potions ingredients and textbooks. Then save up about five hundred galleons for post-graduation, in case you want to travel the world before you find a job and so on you still have about seven hundred galleons to spare, you can buy plenty of clothes and essentials with that!""Su did you just do all that in your head?" Harry squinted at her."Well, yes," Su blushed. "Math has always been one of my better subjects.""Wow.""Right, well, do you deal with credit cards, Mr uh?""Snapfang," the goblin told her. "Yes, we do. Fiendishly difficult things, though  all those electronic transactions and false bank names. We have a starting fee of ten galleons, with a three galleon payment yearly.""Er, what about just for the summer?" Harry asked.The goblin scowled. "Yearly. Or nothing.""It beats lugging around a giant bag full of money," Su shrugged. "What do you think?""I don't really need all that much money," Harry admitted. "If I get about four hundred quid worth converted, then that should be more than enough, just for shoes and clothes, you know. I'll get another twenty galleons for your birthday present.""Twenty!" Su gaped. "I don't think you need to spend that much on me."Harry shrugged. "Just in case." He said. "Otherwise, I'll have leftovers I can spend on myself." Su rolled her eyes."Fine."They walked out of Gringotts feeling a good deal richer than when they went in. Harry made Su promise not to peek at her presents and sent her off to explore Flourish and Blotts while he made his purchases.First he went to the Owl Emporium and bought Hedwig a whole bag of treats. Next, he went to the apothecary, and purchased two Journeyman's Potion kits for four galleons each, one for himself, and one for Su. In Flourish and Blotts, making sure not to be seen by Su, he went and bought a couple of books on the subjects she'd been interested in last year  Ancient Runes, travel charms (expansion charms, portkey charms, feather-light charms, water-proofing charms), and Healing. He also got several books about Herbology and building your own greenhouse for Neville, as well as a selection of seeds for interesting plants he thought Neville might like.All of these presents he had shrunken down, and then he put them in a box in his pocket, before finding Su in the back of Flourish and Blotts, deep in a discussion about Time Turners with her Aunt.Su had finally gotten around to asking her Unspeakable guardian whether or not the Hogwarts teachers had time turners. It took a lot of wheedling and round-about questions, but she finally puzzled out that yes, the teachers had time turners, but were carefully monitored for misbehaviour, no, Beatrice highly doubted that anyone would give a student a time-turner unless Dumbledore himself requested it.That man had far too much power, in Beatrice's opinion, and she wandered off, leaving her adopted niece to her thoughts.That explains Hermione in the third book. Su thought. She was one of Dumbledore's favourites, and a close friend of Harry Potter's. She can't have been the only one who ever wanted to take more subjects than her schedule could handle  there's a whole house of us in Ravenclaw!Ever since falling victim to a time-space displacement accident following her... well... death, as far as anyone could tell, Su had fallen into the fictional  or not so fictional now  world of Harry Potter, a book series she had grown up reading, though she'd only read up to the fourth book.Last year, in Diagon Alley, she'd made a decision that changed the course of her life and the course of the plot. She'd befriended Harry Potter, and turned the whole world, as she knew it, on its head.This year, she was determined not to fall victim to basilisks, incapable Defence teachers, scheming headmasters, or mysterious diaries. She was going to stop Ginny Weasley from ever opening the Chamber of Secrets and try and figure out a way to get Sirius Black proven innocent  because dementors were just not cool.Her best friends, Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom, after getting kidnapped by Professor Quirrell with Voldemort on the back of his head, were equally determined to train themselves so that they'd never be caught off-guard or unprepared again.At least that was the plan."Hey, Su!" Harry appeared next to her. Startled, Su brought out her wand and would've poked Harry's eye out if he'd not been wearing glasses. "OW!""Sorry," Su put her wand away, blushing. Harry rubbed his nose."You're still jumpy, huh." It wasn't a question.In all fairness, it had been less than a month since a literal two-faced madman had kidnapped them and tried to make them fetch him the Philosopher's Stone. That wasn't an adventure Su was likely to forget any time soon."A little." She said. Harry nodded."Well, I've got everything I need.""We'll take you into London later to buy you proper muggle clothes," she pulled a face as she looked him up and down, wearing Dudley's massive hand-me-downs. "Something that fits. Maybe something green, for your eyes. Green's my favourite colour, you know.""I thought you liked blue," Harry replied, surprised."I do," Su shrugged. "I look better in blue. But green's my favourite colour."She looked him straight in the eye  his green eyes  and Harry blushed."Right."Su just grinned, her expression cheeky, and light."Quit teasing, Su," Harry rolled his eyes, though the blush had yet to fade."All right," she smirked. "Aunt Bea will get her things, and then we'll be off to the Weasleys for my birthday party! Yay!"The Burrow was the Weasley home, and though it was crooked and wobbly, and looked like it was only being held up by magic  which it probably was  Harry thought it was brilliant. There were five chimneys up on the big red roof, and all around the front door there lay a jumble of gumboots and chickens and one rusty cauldron.Inside, there was the sound of chatter and laughter, and all in all, to Harry, it seemed like the most wonderful, comfortable place on earth."HARRY!" The door slammed open to reveal both Weasley twins, though one's hair was blue and the other's a bright magenta. "You've made it! Hullo, Su!""Hi Fred, hi George!" Su waved to each of them. They pouted."How can you tell?" George whined."We even changed colours while you were gone," Fred added."Your voices are a bit different," Harry offered. "And Fred's a bit taller.""Ha!" The magenta haired boy pointed at his brother. "I told you so!""Harry's only saying that," George waved a dismissive hand."Come on, birthday girl," both boys grabbed one of Su's hands, leaving Harry to follow behind, amused. "Mum's got everything all set up. She loves girls  spoils Gin. I think she wishes we all had long swishy princess hair like yours."George ruffled the hair in question, and Su laughed as it turned a bright sapphire blue, which matched her Ravenclaw colours quite well."Come on, Harry!" She called over her shoulder. "You're missing all the fun!"Harry grinned and jogged to catch up. They Weasley twins marched Su straight through the house, so Harry only got a few seconds to gape at how much bigger the house was on the inside, with all sorts of things floating around on their own  the dishes washing themselves, and a hovering training broom the size of his shoe buzzing around the living room like a mad thing."Mum! Look what we found!" The twins shouted, carrying Su into the backyard, her toes dangling over the grass. "Can we keep it?""Fred! George! What on earth have you done to her hair?" Mrs Weasley gasped."It's all right, Mrs Weasley," Su assured her. "I like blue.""But the photographs!""Calm down mum," George put his arm around Mrs Weasley's shoulders."We'll fix it," Fred pulled a spray bottle out of his pocket, and squirted whatever potion was inside over Su's hair, combing it through. Her hair turned mostly black again, with a few blue streaks peeking out."Oh, you poor dear," Mrs Weasley muffled Su in a great warm hug that smelled like roast lamb and rosemary. Then she spotted Harry."Harry! How good to see you!" Harry found himself unable to breathe, wrapped up in Mrs Weasley's embrace. "Look at you, you're so skinny! Come along, dear, we're just about to have lunch. Do you like the decorations?"There were balloons everywhere, and a bunch of people running about the yard or mingling by the lunch table. Ron Weasley and Oliver Wood were on their brooms, practicing their Quidditch skills. Oliver was telling Ron that he had the potential to be a fine Keeper. Neville was speaking to a small redheaded girl, who must have been the youngest Weasley  Harry vaguely remembered her from Platform Nine and Three Quarters when Uncle Vernon had picked him up from King's Cross Station.There was a massive cake, that Harry was not sure could be eaten by a gathering their size  or even, really, a gathering of a hundred."She wanted every flavour in there," Su admitted to Harry in a low voice. "Chocolate, vanilla, strawberry I'm holding out for the hazelnut. I love hazelnuts.""BIRTHDAY GIRL!" Someone shouted. All of a sudden Su's friends swarmed at her, battling for her attention. Oliver Wood pushed through the crowd, lifting her up in a hug and twirling her around. He was pushed aside by Hermione Granger, Padma Patil, and Cho Chang, who also hugged her excitedly. She shook hands with Percy Weasley and Arthur Weasley  the Weasley patriarch  as well as a few men and a woman that Harry didn't recognise (he was told later that they were Beatrice's co-workers in the Department of Mysteries, Alfred Yao, Sherlock Pearl, and Madam Locke)."Yao's family will be here later," Su told him, a little breathless from all the hugging. "David's a fifth year Ravenclaw now  we all hope he'll make prefect this year.""Hullo, Su," Neville grinned at them. Su beamed and wrapped both her best friends up in a happy group hug."I've missed you guys," she breathed."Me too," Harry admitted."Did something happen with your relatives?" Neville asked Harry. "I've been writing you all summer, but you haven't written back.""I've been writing, though," Harry protested. "Su said the same thing. She thinks someone's interfering with my mail."They looked at Su. "I'll tell you about it later," she promised.And with that, they were swept into the party.For hours, Harry enjoyed food and friends and laughter. Su was showered with gifts (mostly books, of course) and found herself, as the birthday girl, being drawn aside by every partygoer for conversation and congratulations and hugs.Harry joined Ron, Oliver, and the twins in a discussion about Quidditch. Harry still didn't follow any particular team in the league, which amazed everybody, and for the rest of the day he had Ron trying to sway him towards the Chudley Cannons, while Oliver attempted to convince him that Puddlemere United were the best team ever.Harry was kind of leaning towards Puddlemere  they had at least won a match in the last century. Also: respect for his Captain.Eventually, all the guests began to leave, trickling away from the Burrow in twos and threes, all stopping to shake Su's hand or give her a big hug.Finally, Su, Harry, and Neville were able to spend some time together, alone, and they were sitting in the backyard as daylight faded. All the Weasleys were inside, eating Molly's massive dinner, but the trio had opted to grab their plates and run.In the chaos of the Weasley household, they wouldn't be missed for a couple of hours. The three best friends took the opportunity to catch up on each other's summers.Neville had spent most of his time working in his family's greenhouses, enjoying the quiet time with the plants and his thoughts. Su had learned how to take care of baby Jasmine, and was learning Occlumency from Beatrice and some of the other Department of Mysteries workers. Harry had been doing a lot of chores, and no homework."So who do you think is interfering with my mail?" Harry asked, finally.Su glanced over her shoulder, in case any grownups were hovering near by, then she gestured for the two boys to huddle in closer. What she was about to share was secret."Dumbledore," she said. Neither boy was surprised."Listen, Harry, near the beginning of the summer, I wanted to get you away from your family as soon as possible. I asked Beatrice and Nathan, and they thought it was a great idea that I have someone my own age to spend time with, since Nathan's busy with the baby, and Beatrice is back at the Ministry. I don't know how Dumbledore found out about the plans, but he sent us a letter telling us that we couldn't remove you from the Dursleys for at least three weeks. Then a couple of days later, we got a letter from Mrs Weasley that said she'd be happy to host my birthday party and to let you stay here for the rest of summer. She seemed to think it was Nathan's idea but I know that it wasn't.""This is pretty serious, Harry," Neville frowned. "I mean, first he's got control of your vault  I know that you've got your key now, but he was in charge of it before  then he sent you that invisibility cloak last year and left Dark-Lord-Bait lying around in a school full of children, and he practically dared you to go after Quirrell.""Yeah, but Quirrell kidnapped us, instead, didn't he?" Harry pointed out."True," Neville acknowledged. "My point is; he's cryptic and suspicious. Su was right last year  if Vold I mean, 'Darth Volder'  is back, we need to prepare ourselves, and we can't let Dumbledore trick us into facing Him before we're ready.""My question is, why is he so insistent that Harry stay with the Dursleys?" Su put forward. "I mean, the Weasleys I can understand, because they adore Dumbledore, and they trust him a lot, but as far as I can tell, there's no advantage to keeping Harry in the Dursley house at all they haven't been abusing you this summer, have they, Harry?"He shook his head. "I never did get around to telling them that I can't do magic outside of school," he smirked. "They're all too afraid to lay a hand on me. But it wasn't exactly pleasant for me to stay there, either.""I wish you had someone else you could live with," Neville sighed.Sirius Black, Su thought, recalling the Prisoner of Azkaban. One problem: how to get him free, and prove him innocent. Scabbers the Rat  also known as Peter Pettigrew  was somewhere in the house behind them, but she didn't know how to convince the authorities of her story, or how to stop the rat from escaping, or even to explain how she knew everything that she did anyway."So, Occlumency," Harry interrupted Su's thoughts. "It stops people from reading your mind, right? Why do you need that?""It's sort of multi-purpose, actually," Su admitted. "Stops mind-reading, not that that's common; and can lessen the effects of mind-controlling potions and spells, like the Imperius curse, and love potions, and memory charms; it also helps keep your mind organized and clear-thinking.""So why do you need it?" Harry pressed. Su sighed."I've told you a little bit about it, Harry, but I think I can explain a little more," she said. "Neville, the official story is that I'm an orphan, the unofficial story is that I'm the victim of a chronological-displacement, er, kind of like time travel. The real story is that I well, I came through the Veil in the Department of Mysteries."Neville gaped. Harry blinked. Only one of them vaguely understood."You but that's impossible," Neville breathed. "Wait, the Veil is in the Ministry?""Yeah, in the Death Chamber," Su nodded."I'd always thought it was a myth," Neville shivered."Still sort of is.""Um, will someone please explain this to me?" Harry asked."Right," Su blushed. "Er, the Veil is kind of like the passage to the Other Side. That means Death, Harry, in case I wasn't very clear. It means that I'm I'm probably dead. Or I was, but now I'm not. We're not really sure. Anyway, the point is, because I'm part of a whole bunch of secret Department of Mysteries Experiments, I have to be able to protect my mind from people who would want to learn said secrets.""Wicked," Harry grinned. "Can I learn, too?""I think so," Su nodded. "Aunt Bea is helping me, but the whole Department has been itching to look at you for eleven years, so I'm sure they'd be glad to help.""Why?" Harry looked confused for a moment."Does the defeat of Darth Volder ring a bell?" Neville rolled his eyes."Oh," Harry grinned sheepishly. "Right. That.""I've already learned how to organise my mind, mostly," Su admitted. "My mental shields aren't quite up to Aunt Bea's level, but I'm only twelve so you know. I can work on that. I don't think it would take long for you guys to catch up, though."She didn't mention how she'd catalogued her memories. She'd basically shelved her knowledge into sections. Muggle Studies: Math, English, History, Science etc. Past Life: her mother, father, little brothers, and everything she remembered about living in the muggle world before somehow passing through the Veil. Wizarding World: everything she'd learned about magic and the wizarding world since coming to live with Beatrice and Nathan Li. First Year: contained the events of the past year, as well as what she remembered of the first Harry Potter Book. Second Year, Third Year, and Fourth Year, contained the other three books that she had read.She never did get around to reading those other three books. It was too bad."We have the whole summer," Neville pointed out. "We could ask our parents for a tour of the ministry, or help out your Aunt in the Department of Mysteries""I don't know what areas we're allowed in," Su admitted. "I mean, everything down there is top secret, but I think that if we behave ourselves, the Unspeakables would let us hang around. They all live for Uncle Nate's baking, anyway.""Bribes," Harry grinned. "I like it."His summer was looking better by the minute.A/N: I'm pretty sure that if a sickle were equal to a pound, Harry would be ridiculously rich. In Su's defence, she doesn't know the wizard-muggle conversion rate. I'm going to say that Harry's worth a little over half of what Su estimated... maybe 55-60% of what she guessed. I'm from Australia, so I'm not very familiar with the English money system, but I think that that's a little more fair for a reasonably wealthy boy's trust fund... I think. If you have a better suggestion for Harry's net worth, or the wizard-muggle conversion rate, please let me know. Also - tell me what you think of the story so far, and what you think might happen next :)
