Written for Scavenger Hunt Challenge (8. A drabble collection of five {each under 500 words}Word Count without Author's Note: 494-oOo--oOo--oOo-The Hogwarts Express was where it began. The train chugging down the track, first years running about to steal themselves a seat. James was among those children, dragging Peter behind him as the pair tried to find a compartment."There's one!" Peter yelled in excitement, motioning towards the open door just ahead. The tiny first year pulled ahead, dragging James towards their target. The Potter boy chuckled at his new friend, allowing himself to be taken along. Peter slid into the open room, dropping himself onto one of the couches and stretching out.James made to slip in as well, but found himself wedged in the doorframe beside a slightly taller form. In his excitement he had not seen the other pair of boy's attempting to claim the room just as they had. Looking now, James could only glare at the tall, shaggy haired boy."Move you sod." The boy growled."I can't!" James glared back, shoving against the boy. "If you hadn't put your fat head in here!""My fat head?" The boy looked on him in amusement. "You're one to talk four eyes.""Honestly Sirius." A fourth voice added to the mix. James tried to get sight of the boy behind him, managing to only make out light brown hair on a lanky boy. "If this is the kind of trouble you're going to be getting in-""Oh hush you." The boy, Sirius, chuckled darkly. "This isn't my fault."James rolled his eyes. "Oh, it is.""If you two would stop struggling," the unnamed boy's voice came from behind them, "you'll have no problem getting out.""Really?" Peter's voice sounded hopeful. "Can you make it quick? The candy trolley should be coming 'round soon.""Really," James narrowed his eyes at his newfound friend. "That's your concern. And here I'm stuck, possibly for the rest of my life."Sirius nudged him roughly. "Don't be such a drama queen."James huffed in an exaggerated manner. "Do not tell me what to do. I don't know who you think you-"His words were cut off whenever a violent shove toppled the two from the doorway and into the train compartment. Glaring at one another, James and Sirius rose, dusting themselves off, and turning to glare at who had shoved them. The culprit turned out to be the lanky boy from prior, who now that the doorway was open, stepped inside, and took a seat next to Peter."Name's Remus." The boy said, reaching out towards the chubby child."Peter." The boy replied. "And that's James.""Pleasure to meet you both." Remus nodded. "This is Sirius."The shaggy haired boy raised a chin at them. "Sup.""Now that we know each other." James growled. "You can leave. Find your own compartments.""Can't." Sirius replied with a smirk, taking a seat. "All the others are filled. Looks like you're stuck with us."James only glared, sitting as far away from Sirius as the couch seat would allow.Next chapter to be out tomorrow.
