Hello everyone! So, here's a new story I came up with. It's male/male and later chapters are going to have abuse, so if any of that makes you uncomfortable, just hit the back button. Also, this is my first abuse story, so please be nice! Constructive criticism is always welcome! :)About the story: Alright, so the first few chapters are going to be the progression up to the abuse actually happening. For example, this first chapter is going to take place during Percy Weasley's first and second year, the next chapter will have the next two years, etc. After Percy's seventh year I'll be writing in present day. So I apologize if it seems a little choppy, but I promise there will be more flow after the first few chapters. :)Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter.First Year:"It's just us two now."Two boys stand in the Great Hall, watching a girl get sorted. One of them has a mop of light brown hair on his head, and is shaking with excitement. His brown eyes are bright and a crooked smile is stretched across his face. The boy next to him picks at his worn robe. His curly, red hair is cut short. He wears horn-rimmed glasses that are too big for his face, and they cause his blue eyes to seem larger than usual. He looks at the shaking boy next to him and nods."Hufflepuff!"The girl jumps off the stool and hurries to her table."Percy Weasley." McGonagall says."Good luck." the shaking boy says, giving the red head a little push in the shoulders.The red head swallows hard and walks up to the stool. He sits on it and crosses his arms in hopes to stop them from trembling. McGonagall places the hat on his head."Hmmm...another Weasley? Let's have a look here...you're smart. Yes, you're smart. You know a lot and you want to know more. Ravenclaw would do you well. You're also ambitious, I see. You'll stop at nothing to succeed. You could do great things in Slytherin. Yes...there's some loyalty, yes...and there's your bravery. Lots of bravery...maybe Gryffindor, but I still think Ravenclaw or Slytherin would do you well..."Percy looks out at the sea of students. Bill and Charlie wave at him from their table. Not Slytherin or Ravenclaw. Please put me in Gryffindor with my brothers."Are you sure? Your ambition burns more than your bravery, that I am certain of."I don't care. I need to be in Gryffindor with my family. I need to make them proud."Maybe I'm wrong. It takes a lot of bravery to make sacrifices in order to please someone else. Gryffindor!"Percy smiles and hurries to join his brothers. He sits next to Bill."Did I look nervous?" he asks.Bill laughs, "A bit, but it's over now. I'm just glad you were sorted here. I was starting to think there'd be no Gryffindor boys."He gives Percy a side hug and they turn to watch the last sorting."Oliver Wood."The last boy runs to the stool and sits on it so fast it jostles. McGonagall places the hat on his head."Your mind is going a mile a minute! Let's see what I can pull out. Ambition, yes. You aren't too smart...academics isn't your strong suit. Definitely not Ravenclaw. Your loyalty is there, but it isn't quite as strong as your ambition. Possibly Slytherin. Your bravery...yes...there it is. You are fearless. You won't let anything scare you. You will fight until everything is where it should be. Yes...I know where you should go. Gryffindor!"Oliver grins and runs to the Gryffindor table, sitting next to Percy."Congratulations, both of you." Charlie says, shaking Oliver's hand.Oliver smiles and turns to listen to the Headmaster."Yes, yes. Congratulations to everyone! Now, let the feast begin!" Dumbledore announces.The plates fill with food, and Oliver fills his plate quickly. He scoots closer to Percy and their hips touch. Percy looks at him with wide eyes and scoots closer to Bill."You gonna eat, Perce?" Charlie asks.Percy nods and puts some food on his plate."Is that all you're gonna eat? You should eat more! My mum says to eat more than you can. She doesn't believe in being full. She wants me to grow up to be big and strong! I'm gonna be a professional Quidditch player, so I need to eat a lot." Oliver says.Percy gives him a small smile before returning to his food."So, are you brothers? You all look alike! It must be cool to have brothers. I'm an only child. Mum wanted more, but after seeing how much energy I have, she says she's glad she didn't have more! Her luck they would've been just like me! Your hair is so red! My mum's hair is red. It's a really dark red though, not like yours."Charlie laughs at Percy's shocked expression.Oliver pokes Percy in the shoulder, "You don't talk much. Mum also says that talking a lot is a good thing. It keeps people interested. It also helps you build up your vocabulary. She also says..."Percy looks at Bill, "Can we switch?"Bill shakes his head, "He's trying to be nice, Perce. And you're the only two Gryffindor first years. You'll be spending the next seven years with him. Give him a chance.""But he's weird...and he won't stop talking!""Percy, give him a chance. Who knows, maybe he'll grow on you."Percy glares at Bill before turning back to Oliver. He grimaces as Oliver shoves a large quantity of food in his mouth, some of it spilling out."So, Oliver...d-do you like to r-read?" he asks.Oliver grins, "Nope! I hate it. There's only one book that I'll read, and it's my favorite book!""What book?""Quidditch Through The Ages. It's a fantastic read! Do you like Quidditch?""Well, a little.""I love it! It's my favorite thing about the Wizarding World! Do you play?""No.""Aw! But it's so much fun! I'm going to try out for the team. Dad says I've got natural talent!"Percy shrugs, "Great.""Anyway, I think we should be friends.""Um...""We're the only two in our year! It'll be just like me having a brother! We'll have so much fun! We can play games all night long and we only have to share with each other! We'll be the greatest of friends! What do you say?"Percy looks at the wide smile on Oliver's face."Um, okay.""Great!" Oliver throws his arms around him and squeezes him tightly.Second Year:Oliver walks into their dorm and pulls off his Quidditch gear. Percy scrunches his nose at the smell."How was practice?" he asks.Oliver grins, "Great! I love getting sweaty!""That's gross.""It's fun.""Anyway, after your shower, do you wanna do something together?""Actually, I'm gonna take a quick shower and then go meet up with Charlie. We're going to talk Quidditch strategies.""But you've hung out with him all week, and the week before. We haven't talked or played or anything in weeks, Oliver. Ever since you joined the team, we haven't spent much time together.""So? It's Quidditch, Percy. Besides, Charlie's so cool! He considers me a friend, Perce! Me! A second year! Friends with Charlie Weasley! I gotta get going. See you!"Percy sighs as Oliver hurries away. He grabs a few books and supplies before leaving his dorm."Where are you off to?" Bill asks when he walks into the common room."Library." Percy says, "I've got some stuff to start on.""Have fun.""Thanks."Percy walks to the library and finds it full. He looks around for an empty table, but finds none. He walks over to one with an empty chair."Excuse me."A girl with long, sandy hair smiles up at him, "Yes?""Mind if I sit here?""Go ahead."Percy sits across from her and opens his book."We're in the same Transfiguration class."He looks at the girl, "We are?""Yes. Gryffindor's with Ravenclaw. I'm Penelope Clearwater. You can call me Penny if you'd like.""I'm Percy Weasley. Just Percy."Penelope smiles, "Nice to meet you.""You too.""So, what are you working on?""An essay for Potions.""The one about the Swelling Solution?"Percy looks at the boy next to him, "Yes.""Me too. I don't quite understand it.""Oh, it's actually quite simple."The boy smiles and brushes his dark hair out of his gray eyes, "Would you mind helping me?""No, I'd be glad to.""Thanks. I'm Miles Bletchley, by the way.""Nice to meet you.""Why don't we work on the essay together? I've only just started mine." Penelope says.Miles nods, "That's fine with me. Three heads are better than one."Percy smiles, "Okay.""Hey, Ol, do you wanna see what Bill bought me at Hogsmeade?" Percy asks.Oliver rubs his face, "Not now, Perce. I'm going with Charlie and some of the other team to the pitch. We're gonna race on our brooms.""Okay. We just haven't had a good conversation or something in a couple months.""We can talk later, okay? But this is really important. See you."Percy sighs. He packs up the sweets Bill bought him and grabs his bag. He leaves the common room and heads to the library. Penny waves him over."Hi Percy." she says."Hello. How are you?""I'm great. You?""Alright. Would you like a sugar quill? My brother bought me a few.""Sure."Percy hands her the quill and she chews on it. He looks up when Miles sits next to Penny and a girl sits next to Percy."Hey, Percy. Penny." Miles says, "This is Adrienne. She's a second year in my house."Penny smiles, "Hi, I'm Penny."Adrienne smiles slightly, "Hi. A bit strange for a Slytherin to be working with a Gryffindor and a Muggleborn, isn't it Miles?"Miles shrugs, "We're all here for the same reason. Good marks. We might as well work together.""I guess. So, how about that sixteen inch Charms essay?"Percy nods, "I've already started it.""Me too." Penny says, "But I'm so confused.""Charms is my best subject. I can help clarify for you, if you'd like?" Adrienne smiles."That'd be great."Percy pulls out his book and parchment."Oh, here, before we start. You two want a sugar quill?" he holds out two quills to Miles and Adrienne.Miles grins, "I love these things! Thanks, mate."Adrienne takes hers, "Thank you, Percy."Percy smiles, "Just trying to be a good friend."So, what do we all think? :)
