Hello! So this is my sequel to Key of Stone so I hope you enjoy! Also, I'm thinking of making a Harry Potter tumblr to link to this story and headcanons. Anyways, read on!The Fireplace The loud bangs and crashes of thunder vibrated the walls inside and out of the Sweets home. The summer had an abundance of lightning storms that covered all of England, yet the days were filled with sun rays and sweltering heat.Basil and Anna were currently getting ready for bed in Basil's bathroom that connected to her somewhat large room. Basil's bed was messily made with her summer work sprawled over the bed while Anna's pullout bed was made neatly with her books stacked behind her pillow. The floor was littered with trinkets that were sent by Albus, James, or Rosie; they were mainly joke objects from the Weasley joke shop or little children toys that flew around.Yet nothing was messier than Basil's desk. On Basil's desk, letters were scattered and thrown messily about with ink stains. Most of these were from Albus or Harry Potter; these letters contained dates and evidence for the trial that was coming up. The previous year, Basil and Anna had captured the criminal that was turning Ministry children to stone. They had found that Arnold Sweets, Basil's grandfather, sent Xavier Aguirre to break into the Artifacts section of the Ministry; this was how the magic was returned to Basil and her family. Harry also found evidence of Arnold tampering with the list of students entering Hogwarts that year. This is also where they stole the keys that enter the walls of Hogwarts. Harry had retrieved two of the keys while Basil was sure she burned the last one the year before."Is your mum sending more flowers to the Potters? Weasleys?" Anna asked and spat her toothpaste into the sink."I think so." Basil replied blankly as she tied her hair into a tight bun.Jasmine Sweets was an exceptional florist as she grew the most beautiful flowers anyone had ever seen. Jasmine decided to send bundles of flowers to the families that were affected by Arnold; so far it went perfectly with sweet replies back. Unfortunately, Jasmine sent a bundle of roses, lilies, and daisy's to the Potters, which involved Albus discovering his allergy to daisy's that made him sneeze for hours. James had sent moving pictures to Basil that were, unfortunately, hilarious."We haven't received a letter in weeks. I thought the trial was coming up this month! We only have two more weeks till school starts." Anna rambled as she laid in her pullout."Mr. Potter is very busy with Auror business. Something might've happened." Basil assured then threw her work on her desk."What about Albus?" Anna reminded with a worry look imbedded on her face."Maybe their owl got lost." Basil suggested and turned over on her stomach."It doesn't take mail this long from Islington to Wolverhampton." Anna fought and yawned.Basil didn't respond as she didn't know how to reply to Anna. Basil didn't want to admit it but, she felt Albus was hiding something. His letters became vague and he always ended his letters with, 'Hope to see you soon.' Basil didn't know what he meant and she felt it was nothing to address in her letters.Anna was fast asleep as Basil was just slowly drifting; her mind was focusing on little things. I have to clean the dishes tomorrow. Basil groaned internally. Jasmine had assigned more work for Basil to do since she found out her daughter had acquired magical abilities. Basil told her over and over that she couldn't use her magic to clean anything or help, but Jasmine insisted it was to help with responsibility."I defeated a serial killer. I think I have enough responsibility." Basil replied a week ago."Hush! Your father is still upset." That was a blatant lie.After the magic was returned to the Sweets clan, Brandon Sweets took every advantage to learn magic and use it for everything. The Ministry of Magic sent private tutors for Brandon to control his magic and he was improving more than Basil had. Brandon used magic to make breakfast in the morning and clean the rooms. Even though he was exceling, there were times where it back fired on him.Basil finally drifted asleep when silence drifted over the usual noisy house. It truly was quiet enough to hear a pin drop. Everyone was in their rooms, asleep, with no sounds to be heard. Yet something was stirring in Basil's brain, making the picture of a large man screaming at her and throwing spells."Stop it! Stop doing this!" Basil pleaded and tried to stun him.Basil's wand wouldn't cast any spells as her body was being shot at and torn apart by the spells. Arnold Sweets emerged as the man with a wild cackle as he repeated curses to make Basil fall over. Arnold stood over Basil with an evil smile and wand glowing red; Basil tried to scream but nothing came out.Suddenly, Basil lurched forward in her bed. Basil heard large bangs that erupted from downstairs that shook her from her nightmare. Anna shot up, her bedtime bun sideways, her eyes scanning around drowsily. Basil threw her feet on the ground quietly hoping that the person may not hear her."Did you hear that?" Anna piped up when she fell from her bed."Yeah, grab your wand." Basil agreed and flipped her wand out from under her pillow."We can't use magic!" Anna reminded with an angry glare."We can when protecting ourselves." Basil reminded with her eyes narrowed on the door.Basil and Anna crept down the stairs to look into the front room that the stairs looked out towards. The room had a large chimney that was surrounded by large blue loveseats and a sofa; it was decorated simply with not a lot of large furniture to hide behind. The room had several side tables with potted plants that were close to the furniture and entrances of the room. The two girls entered the archway that went into the room and went to their knees; they couldn't see well and it was silent."Let's go-"Basil was shushed by Anna.Anna crawled towards one of the end tables that held a large bouquet of flowers in a beautiful vase and passed it to Basil. Anna crawled back and stared at Basil as she mouthed a countdown; Basil had no idea what she was doing or what she meant. Once Anna mouth one, the blonde girl hit the vase from Basil's hands. The vase flew through the air and suddenly stopped in midair."ACHOO." A young voice sneezed and hit the floor.The lights were flipped and the room showed Albus Potter laying on the floor in a sneezing fit. From what Basil could tell, Albus grew about an inch and now passed Anna's height and almost to Basil's. James appeared from behind the couch, taller than both girls, and greeted the two. Rosie, Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Weasley appeared also with greetings. Smiles shined on both young girls' faces as they finally were reunited with their friends."Albus! What are you all doing here?" Anna greeted and hugged Albus tightly."We're very sorry but the Ministry put down more regulations on our court date. We had to leave immediately to bring you and the other witnesses." Harry Potter explained."Other witnesses?"Suddenly, two feet fumbled down the stairs and looked straight out into the lighted front room. Jasmine and Brandon Sweets stared, Brandon awestricken, at the famous trio. Brandon rushed down the stairs to greet Harry while Jasmine stood stiff and glared at the group."Mr. Harry Potter! It's a pleasure to meet you. Oh and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley." Brandon Sweets greeted as his knees shook violently."Basil, you didn't tell us friends were coming over." Jasmine sighed, aggravated, and joined the group."I didn't know.""We'll explain everything Mrs. Sweets." Hermione assured."I'll make us all tea! Come to the kitchen." Brandon instructed the adults to the kitchen.They left Basil, Anna, Albus, James, and Rosie in one room. Anna started hugging everyone and greeting every person properly while the latter returned the gesture. James looked Basil and Anna up and down with a smug grin on his face."Nice PJ's." James teased.Basil and Anna wore long night dressed with lopsided buns. Basil laughed sarcastically and made another snide remark that would not be soon repeated. Albus was staring at both girls with admiration; Basil remembered all the amazing times with Albus and Anna last year with the feeling of joy flooding through her body."So why did you guys break in?" Anna asked with her usual sweet smile."The court date is this week and we need to go fetch Malfoy." James spat."Scorpius? Why do we need him?" Basil asked defensively.Basil had to admit that Scorpius warmed up to her at the end of the year. Scorpius risked his life to save Basil from the Medusa's curse and has the scar to prove it; Basil felt awful for putting Scorpius through all of this though. One thing that Basil couldn't forget is the hug at the end of the term. It made her blush to that day."He's another witness. We have Rosie, Derek Collins, Kristina Young, you, Anna, Al, and all we need is Malfoy." James explained then put his arm around Rosie and Albus."What about Tia McGinty?" Anna questioned."She's refusing to work with Basil." Rosie replied with a roll of the eye."What did I do to her? I saved her life." Basil shot back and threw her arms over her chest."She says that you put her 'Scorpy' in danger and he almost died saving you." Albus groaned in disgust."Well that's wonderful." Basil sighed and threw herself in the chair.Then there was a loud explosion coming from the kitchen and the smell of burnt metal entered the room. All the kids sprinted to the small kitchen that was occupied by the adults. Brandon Sweets was slightly singed and his wand was pointed at the tea pot that clearly exploded. Jasmine Sweets was giving a disapproving look and threw the broom in her husband's hands."We'll handle-""No! He'll clean it up the muggle way." Jasmine interrupted Ron Weasley and fell back into her chair.Harry cleared his throat and continued with conversation while Basil and Anna placed a few more chairs to sit. They were passed some tea but remained quiet throughout the whole conversation. The sun rose and shined through the window as they finished talking about the trial."How long will this last?" Jasmine asked and tucked her long black hair behind her ears.Jasmine's appearance was almost exactly to Basil's; they both had dark black hair and round faces. They were both around the same height but Basil knew she'd grow to the same height or taller than her. The only thing different was the eyes; Basil had her father's eyes. Basil knew she was alike her mother in very ways, one being their temper."Just the week. The school year is approaching and we'd love to have them stay over until September 1st." Harry explained and finished his tea."Well both of them would love that." Brandon added. The broken tea pot was now in the garbage."Where's the Winchesters'?" Hermione inquired."My father is attending foreign business with South Africa. My mother is at home working on her business plans." Anna explained in a monotone. "I'll tell my house elf to send letters to my father about this.""So they can stay over!" Albus exclaimed and jumped from his seat."I believe so." Harry agreed, a small smile appeared on his face.Basil, Anna, and Albus smiled to each other then dashed out of the room. Anna hugged Albus yet again while Basil leaped up the stairs and packed all her things in her trunk. Anna joined a little later to put together all of her sleep over items."This'll be great!" Basil exclaimed and dragged her trunk down the stairs."Yes! I can't wait to meet Ginny Weasley. But what about the Malfoy's?"Basil looked towards her best friend with an odd expression. Was there something wrong? Basil didn't acknowledge what her worried tone was about. This was until she finally realized the horrible truth. Basil would come face to face with Draco Malfoy, an ex-death eater, and ask him to let his son join the court. The Malfoy's have had a bad name ever since the second war and nothing scared Basil more than facing them.Mr. Malfoy will probably be cruel to Mr. Potter. Basil thought instantly and looked towards one of the greatest wizards alive. Basil knew Harry had done greatness while Draco had not. James spoke so poorly of the Malfoy's that it was believable that Malfoy's and Potter's hated each other. They were total opposites from each other."Next time I see that little runt, I might as well beat him." James muttered as soon as Albus spoke his name.Basil felt her chest burn and her fist clench. She became fond of him and she was sure Scorpius would be more civilized towards everyone; Scorpius promised Basil that. Ron and Hermione levitated the luggage back towards the chimney to use the floo network. Basil stood stiffly and in a trance of thoughts and worried. Oh Scorpiusplease don't break the promise. 
