Author's Note- Please ReadDon't worry, I am still working on Saving the Brains, but I just had this amazing idea and I had to write it into a fanfic. Please enjoy and review, favorite, and follow! I will write another chapter even if I only get one review telling me to go on. Thank you all! I don't own anything but my own plot./Four year old Hermione woke to the sound of her parents' screams, a flash of green light, and a mysterious cackling. She told herself over and over again that it was just a dream, a nightmare. She hadn't heard a sound after those two screams and laughter, so she reasoned that she must have just imagined it. She fell back asleep and woke up at 7:30 exactly, just like every other weekday. She dressed herself in her favorite blue skirt and matching sweater and quietly went downstairs to wait for her mother to make oatmeal. She assumed that her parents were having a lie-in when they didn't come downstairs at 8:00. She decided to go and check, so she carefully climbed back up the stairs, this time turning to the left, where her parents bedroom was located through a door at the end of the hall. They must be up, she thought, seeing as their door was open. Quietly she neared the door and jumped up into the bed. The sight that was there she will never forget. Both of her parents lying frozen facing upwards. Her mothers graying hair was matted around her face and her eyes were open but unseeing, her mouth was slightly gaping as she let out a silent scream. Her father had his fists clenched as a last attempt to fight off their attacker, however muggle punches would do nothing to Voldemort. Hermione knew that they were dead, but she didn't know why. She was too shocked to let tears fall, so she just sat there staring at them, while they stared back./"Two Muggles, dead! Dead! Murdered last night in their beds, can you believe it, he's going after Muggles now," Pomona Sprout looked about ready to faint."Why would the Daily Prophet be reporting the death of two Muggles on the front page?" sneered Severus Snape."It is being reported because these two Muggles, Granger was the name, have a daughter," Albus paused, "a daughter who has not only been left unscathed, but also is a witch." A collective gasp could be heard around the room."A witch, how can we be certain?" queried Poppy Pomfrey."Her name is written in The Book of Admittance. I checked just this morning, she is called Hermione" interjected Minerva."Well, something must be done before the Muggle authorities get the girl, am I correct, it says here that the Grangers have no living relatives," Pomona paused to indicate a line in the newspaper, " we can't have her in the Muggle system, especially give the circumstances with You-Know-Who.""I suggest that we intervene, now before the Muggles do," offered Albus, "We shall have the four heads of houses go and collect her, bring her here. It is in her best interest that this is done in a timely fashion, as her safety from other dark wizards is our utmost priority. We are not the only ones who read the Daily Prophet." Professor Snape immediately opened his mouth to complain, but was silenced by a hand from his colleague."How are we to get there, we shouldn't be raising any suspicion to her disappearance," squeaked tiny Professor Flitwick."You are most correct Filius, I think that I would be best if you apparated directly in and out, so that you are not seen by any Muggles. I also suggest that you leave now, before anything can happen to the girl," Albus answered. With that, the four heads of houses rose and left the office. After they had gone Albus requested that Poppy prepare herself in the hospital wing, should Hermione need any medical attention, prompting the matron to bustle out of the office. The only professors remaining, took this as their cue to vacate the office as well./The four wizards made their way down to the edge of the school grounds where they could apparate to London. They arrived just moments later in an immaculate house, where everything had a place and everything was in its place."This is it I believe, number 517, are we on the correct street?" inquired Pomona."Yes, I recognize it from the picture," replied Minerva, "let's just get Hermione and leave as soon as possible, I'd rather not linger too long. I will change into my cat form, so as not to shock her, then you follow." Minerva then transformed into a tabby cat with square markings around the eyes and bounded up the stairs. Her three fellows waited at the bottom. Quietly she wove her way down the hall to the very end where there was an open door. Gently, so that she wouldn't scare the child who was sitting upon the the bed, Minerva jumped up to join her."Hello kitty," Hermione greeted, stroking her ears,"are you lost?" No sooner had she said that than professor Flitwick burst through the door."The Muggle authorities are coming, they are down the street, they heard reports of suspicious activity, and have come to investigate, Severus heard it on their police radio, Minerva, we need to leave now." He exclaimed. Minerva hastily changed back to her human form, much to Hermione's surprise and delight."Come here," she ordered to Hermione, who obediently grabbed her outstretched hand, " you will feel like you are being squeezed very hard for a few moments, but I will be over soon." Hermione nodded. By this time the other two had joined them, and they could all hear the fast approaching police sirens, and then with a crack, they were gone./Hermione had never felt such an odd sensation in her life, it was as if she were trying to go down a very narrow encased slide and she was being pushed down, then as quickly as it had started, it was over. When she opened her eyes, she let out a small gasp, for she was no longer in her parents' bedroom, but standing in front of a large gate. The four people that she had earlier been in her house were there as well, watching her. She felt as if she were going to vomit, which indeed seconds later she did."She must never have apparated before," observed Pomona."Of course not, she's Muggle- born, let's not forget, come on now," sneered Severus, making his way up the path behind the gate."Let's clean her up first," squeaked Filius, "scourgify." This caused all of the sick to disappear from the girl's sweater and ground around her. She stared at Filius in wide eyed awe."How, how did you do that?" Hermione questioned, clearly amazed."Magic," he replied, stowing his wand back in his jacket and setting off after Severus. Minerva reached down for Hermione's hand and she gladly took it. Together they made their way towards their destination. Pomona Sprout, followed quickly behind./Hermione couldn't believe all that she was seeing a giant castle stood before her, the path that they were on, leading directly to it. It had grand towers and big windows. The trail, led them to a majestic set of oak doors, taller than five of her. She inadvertently let out a gasp, for the door swung open on its own. The inside of the castle, was just as amazing as the outside. She could see long winding passages and above her hundreds of sets of staircases. She was led to a statue of what looked like a large bird, where the two men were standing waiting for them."Lemon drop," announced Minerva, and to Hermione's amazement the statue turned to reveal a staircase behind it. The group ascended the vast staircase, and at the top, met two large mahogany doors. These too, opened at their approach. They walked into a large circular room, where there were pictures of men and women lining the walls, and they were moving. However, it was not the moving pictures, nor the many gadgets whirring in various locations around the room, but the man sitting behind the desk, that took all of Hermione's attention. He had a long silver beard that went down past his belly button, and hair all the way down his back. His eyes twinkled behind a pair of half moon glasses that rested on his crooked nose. He was currently sucking on a lemon drop."Welcome, Hermione, to Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry."
