Chapter 1-Snake BittenDraco watched her as she walks into the room. She doesn't know he stares. She's in her own little world most of the time. Why would she notice him anyway? He had treated her like dirt for so long.They were 12 years old the first time he said it to her. He barely understood the word. MUDBLOOD How could he be so cruel? All the magic in the world couldn't make her forget that vile name he called her. He had used it countless times and for what? To prove he had darkness and evil in him? To make Father proud? Draco didn't even know anymore. He was young and stupid. Hogwarts was a long time ago.They were working at The Ministry now and he saw her in the halls from time to time, usually talking with Potter or the Weasel or with her nose in a book. Hermione was in Magical Law and at the very top of her field. She'd grown out of her awkward looks and turned into a beautiful woman. She had her own flat and although it was lonely at times, her friends were close by. Ginny and Harry lived a few streets over. They had recently wed and were expecting their first child. Ron was living in the same building as Hermione, which was often convenient for him on lonely nights were he would use her for sex. They'd dated for 3 years after the war, but they were too different and fought often and decided on friends with benefits.When Draco heard that they had broken up, he was relieved. Hermione was too good for the Weasel. He was a screw up that couldn't even complete his Auror training so he worked at his brother's joke shop now as a stock boy. "Pathetic." Draco thought to himself. Not that he was any better for her but at least he had a real job. He smiled at himself and continued staring at Hermione. Just then, she looked up and locked eyes with Draco. "Shit," he thought to himself "She saw me!" He quickly tried to busy himself with some papers so she wouldn't notice him staring."Malfoy? Did you need something? I only ask because you've been staring at me for the past 15 minutes or so. Well?" She seemed very annoyed with him. "Okay, so I guess you caught me, huh?" Draco smirked and she didn't seem amused. He tried to come up with a lie but he got lost in her big, brown eyes. "Hello, Malfoy? You there?" "I, uh, I, um, was looking at the book you were reading. Trying to figure out what the title was. ""Smooth, Draco! Real smooth!" he berated himself in his head. "Oh, it's Luna Scamander's new book. She's written a biography on her father, Xenophilius Lovegood's, life. He passed away last year, such a shame." He couldn't believe she actually believed him, and she was actually carrying on a civilized conversation with him. "Is that all? Why are you smiling at me? Are you well?" "Yes, uh, that was all, and since when is smiling a crime anyway?" Her face reddened at his snarky comment. Now, he'd done it!"Listen, Malfoy," she started towards him, but he put his hands up in defense as if under arrest. "Whoa, Granger, calm down. I was only joking around. You do know what a joke is, right? She backed off and the continued, "Well, I'm not used to you actually having a civil conversation with me. Not one single slur either. I'm impressed." She looked very pleased with herself, and it was Draco's turn to turn red. "I'm not "that" person anymore, Hermione. If you haven't heard, which I'm sure you have, I am no longer in contact with my father since he has been in Azkaban. I no longer have to please him by being a total asshole." She hadn't expected so much honesty to come spilling ot from Draco Malfoy's mouth. She felt a pang in her stomach. Draco saved her from needing to speak again because he walked out of the room just then.
