A wife and a husband, Mr. Kendrick and Mrs. Veneziano, they were wizards, she was an Italian witch, and he was an English wizard. The year was 2009 when they had met, and each of them already had a child born in the year 2006. Mrs. Veneziano had a daughter named Emilia, born July 1, 2006, and Mr. Kendrick also had a daughter, Victoria Kendrick, born July 4, 2006. When they married they each decided to keep their respective names and more to Wizarding America."HAPPY BIRTHDAY!" A loud shout was heard from the D.C. wizarding apartment."Who wants the first piece of cake?" Mr. Kendrick said placing a piece of the white-strawberry marble cake on a dark blue paper plate."Victoria can have it Babbo." Emilia said smiling at her younger sister.Both of the girls had become strikingly beautiful, even at the age of eleven. Victoria was an average height at 4'7, she had light violet eyes that in certain light could look gray, and her golden blond hair was fine like silk, her skin was as pale as her father's fine China. Now Emilia was very tall, always had been at 5'0, she had bright green eyes that held flecks of amber when the light hit them just right, and her thick curly almost black hair both looked and felt like the smoothest finest silk, it was even more beautiful than the hair of her sister, her skin was the olive tan of her native country, and was without a blemish.Suddenly two owls flew through the open apartment window and onto the table making Mr. Kendrick drop the plate he was holding. "God. What? We don't even have owls in America. They are only used in the United Kingdom." He muttered."Si. Now what do we have here? Letters from Hogwarts!" Mrs. Veneziano said giving the letters to her husband. "But we aren't even living in the United Kingdom! I thought our girls were going to the Salem Institute for Witches!""Yes." Said a new voice from the doorway of the apartment. Hello I'm Hermione Weasley. I'm from the British Ministry of Magic. They thought you might want an explanation." The fuzzy haired British witch said."Oh, yes of course. Please come sit down." Mr. Kendrick said nodding his head."Please, take my seat. You must be very tired." Emilia said in quick Italian like she would always do if she was angry, panicked, or scared."Emilia, darling. The poor woman doesn't speak Italian." Mr. Kendrick said shaking his head, but smiling at his eldest daughter."Oh, oh yeah. Sorry. Please take my seat. Do you want anything to drink? Coffee? Maybe tea?" Emilia quickly said, in English."Tea would be wonderful dear." Hermione said smiling at the young Italian witch. "Do you have cream and sugar?""Si, of course." And with that Emilia went into the kitchen and started making the Ministry official a cup of tea."Please explain these letters Mrs. Weasley." Mrs. Veneziano said placing her hands in her lap, and tilting her head to the side."Well you see both the Italian Ministry of Magic and the British Ministry of Magic have been keeping watch over your two girls. Thank you dear." Emilia handed the witch her tea. "And seeing the power of the magic they do possess we contacted the Institute and the American Ministry of Magic and everyone agrees that the girls would reach their full potential at Hogwarts. But that is all up to you, the parents.""Well it think that is the most wonderful idea!" Mr. Kendrick said happily. "You know I got my education at Hogwarts. Yes I was in Ravenclaw." Mr. Kendrick said. "And the girls will get their wands at Ollivander's too!""Actually dear I wanted Emilia to get her wand in Italy." Mrs. Veneziano said quietly."That's alright too. Well take the Floo to London while you two take the Floo to Venice." Mr. Kendrick said. "We'll see you there Mrs. Weasley, won't we?""Of course. I'll let the Ministry know you have accepted." And with that Hermione flashed out of the D.C. apartment leaving behind an empty tea mug."Alright you two go get dressed. Wear your formal wizarding clothes." Mrs. Veneziano said smiling as she cleared away the table."Of course Materno." Emilia said grabbing Victoria's hand and dragging her to their shared room.Emilia pulled on a pair of white dress pants, a white button-up formal shirt with dark blue cuffs, a pair of shiny white shoes, a dark blue waist-coat, a dark blue tie with a diamond lion pendant, a dark blue cape with white trim and a hood with a white "V' with curled ends in the middle of the cape, cufflinks in the shape of the same "V" as the cape, a diamond ring also in the shape of the "V"."Why don't you wear the dress version of that?" Victoria asked looking her sister up and down."I don't feel respected if I wear a dress. Besides. I look good in this." Emilia said giving her sister a feral smile.Rolling her eyes Victoria pulled on a light rose colored dress with a cream trim, a cream cloak with a hood, a pair of cream mid-calf boots that had the light rose buttons up the side, and a necklace with a diamond "K" hanging from the chain."See. Nice and elegant." Victoria said with a smirk on her face."You also don't have any competition for your roll as head of the Kendrick clan." Emilia said rolling her eyes."They are called Houses. Not Clans." Victoria said."Let's just go.""Alright it looks like we're all ready to go." Mr. Kendrick said. He was dressed in something that looked identical to Emilia's outfit but in his family's colors of light rose and cream, and the "V" replaced with a "K"."Yes well Emilia and I will head out first." Mrs. Veneziano wore a bigger version of what Victoria was wearing, but in her family's colors of white and dark blue, and the "K" hanging from the necklace was replaced with a "V". "Come Emilia. And don't forget to repeat after me." Mrs. Veneziano said grabbing a handful of silver Floo powder and stepping into the Floo. "Veneziano Center Venice!""Alright wish me luck." Emilia said copying her mother. "Veneziano Center Venice!"
