Chapter 1: The OrphanIt has been nine years since Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witch Craft and Wizardry, left little Harry Potter on the steps of the Dursley's household. Nine years since Petunia Dursley found the child and took him away before her whale of a husband, Vernon, got home from work.Petunia didn't do what she did because she hated little Harry. She did what she did because of what Vernon would do if he found out Harry was a Wizard. Petunia had spewed only hateful things about her sister when her and Vernon first got married, but she had soon regretted it when she found all the letters her sister had tried to send her.(Flashback)Petunia was walking out side just an hour after her husband left for work. As she opened the door she gasped, "Harry!" She had immediately known who it was by the descriptions in the letters from her sister that she had only read yesterday evening. The only difference between the descriptions and this child was the lightning scar on the child's forehead. It was odd fore Petunia because, reading her sisters letters, her sister had described every little detail of her new life. She was also confused on why the child now rest on the steps to her house.She lifted up the child only to find a note in his little hand. She brought the baby into the house and rest him on her lap taking the note from him. She quickly opened it and read threw the neat hand writing only to drop the note.Petunia looked down at Harry and placed his tiny, sleeping form onto the couch as she rushed into the office to get a peace of paper and a pen.To Whom it May Concern,Harry James Potter. Age: one and a half. Birthday is July 31, Born in 1980.Parents: James Potter and Lily Potter, nee Evans.Parents died in a car accident on 31 October, 1981. Please take great care of him, he is a very special child and is very dear to me.With a nod Petunia put the short letter into an envelope and sealed it. She then rushed up stairs and got Dudley, her son, before going back down to get Harry. She got both children in the car, grateful she kept Dudley's old car seat, and drove off to the "St. Wilmer's Orphanage for Boy's' in London. When she got there she quickly got Harry out of the car and walked up to the front door.Knock. Knock. Knock. Petunia waited patiently for the door to open. When it did she was greeted by a man with a kind smile. His smile faded a bit when he saw the boy in her hands."Please. Take care of him for me. I fear for his safety if he stays at my home. Don't let anything happen to him," Petunia finished her last sentence with a kiss on the small boy's head as she handed him over to the man."I will do all I can for him. Thank you." The man waved at her as she walked down the steps in a hurry and got into the vehicle parked right outside the tall building, "At least she cared about you, little man." The man looked down at the kid and saw the small letter Petunia had written.He took the small boy into the building to the nursery for one of the nurses to take over. He then went to his office, letter in hand, and sat down. Opening the letter he skimmed through it a couple of times before writing all the information down in a new file. "Oh Harry. I'm so sorry," he said to him self.(End Flashback)Now Harry spends most of his time in his room practicing his 'Magic'. He didn't know what it was, but he felt as though it were really what he called it. He had practiced magic for as long as he could remember, always keeping it a secret and only doing it out in public when he really needed to.He has taught himself many thing from cleaning his room with a wave of his hand to being a pick pocket on the days they were allowed into London. Harry's room held many items that he had stolen or found on his adventures through the great city of London where the orphanage lay.He had a simple black backpack that he'd got from one of the near by clothing and accessory stores. It was his first stolen item too. He had been six when he saw it and had recently taught him self how to shrink things to fit in his pockets, so he went into the store and got the backpack from the rack taking it into a secluded, dark corner of the shop where he plucked the tag, so the alarms wouldn't go off, and shrunk the bag popping it into his pocket.Though that wasn't the only thing he had taken. Over the years he had collected many things including a Violin, music books and sheet music, self teaching Polish and French books, and many articles of clothing. He kept everything he had in his backpack since everything was shrunken down plus the fact he had made the inside of the bag bigger.The clothing he was taking wasn't just regular clothing, he had also picked up some nice suits, ties, coats, boots, you name it. He had picked up the nicer clothing though in hopes of auditioning for musical schools and institutions for scholarships, but unfortunately he needed to learn more than just the Violin to be picked for the many schools he had wanted. He wasn't happy about that since he'd rather stick to Violin. It was his comfort zone.He had self-taught himself how to play Violin and had mastered it quite quickly. He would write his own music some times on the music parchment that he found in the orphanages music department.Harry also taught himself how to speak Polish and French as they interested him the most. He was planing the move to France after he turned 18. No one liked him anyways and would often stay away from him because he could do strange things to the people who pissed him off and for the face that not one of the bullies even dared go near him.He wasn't cruel and he wasn't a bully himself. He would actually classify himself as a silent protector over some of the less fortunate kids who got picked on. One in particular, a skinny-boy his age named Dudley, would be protected a lot more than the other kids, because Harry knew that Dudley was special like him. Dudley had also told him that his mother mentioned Harry as being his cousin and a Wizard like him. When Dudley was taken to the orphanage he had asked Wilmer if he could change his last name the his mothers last name 'Evans' and was happy to hear that because of his situation he was allowed to.It was about two years ago when Dudley was taken away from his house after his mother, Petunia Dursley, was murdered by her husband, Vernon. Vernon was very abusive towards Dudley and was sent to jail after being found out.Harry and Dudley shared a room and Harry taught the boy everything he knew, leaving out the steeling; he would tell Dudley that he was working at a small book store that paid him enough to get everything he brought back. Dudley, being as gullible as a baby, bought all of his stories and would gladly take anything Harry gave him.He taught Dudley magic and french, but would never let him touch his Violin. Harry never took the time to get Dudley his own because stealing the first one was hard enough.Him and Dudley were walking down to the 'mess hall', Harry's backpack securely on his back, when Mr. Wilmer stopped them, "Hold it boy's," The owner said with a smile on his face, "I have some great news for the two of you." Wilmer led them to his office and opened the door to a woman it strange clothes and a funny hat."Hello, Mr. Potter and Mr. Evans," she greeted with a kind smile. She handed the two boys envelopes with their names and room number on the front, "I am Professor Minerva McGonagall from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please open your letters."She smiled as the two boys looked at each other in confusion and then to the envelops the held in the hands.~HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYHeadmaster: Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock,Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)Dear Mr. Potter,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagallDeputy Headmistress~Behind that letter Harry found a second which contained the list of supplies he would need.~HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYUNIFORMFirst-year students will require:1. Three sets of plain work robes (black) 2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar) 4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings)Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags.COURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1)by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magicby Bathilda BagshotMagical Theoryby Adalbert WafflingA Beginner's Guide to Transfigurationby Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungiby Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potionsby Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Themby Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protectionby Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass or crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set brass scalesStudents may also bring, if they desire, an owl OR a cat OR a toad.PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARSARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKYours sincerely,Lucinda Thomsonicle-PocusChief Attendant of Witchcraft Provisions~After Harry finished reading his letter he looked over to Dudley's to fine the same letter with only a name difference."So we're wizards and we get to go to a wizardry school?" Dudley asked, playing dumb. They knew they were, but they didn't want other people knowing how prematurely advanced they were.McGonagall smiled again, "Yes! And at this school we will teach you how to control and harness your magic to its fullest. We will be going to Diagon Alley to get all of your school supplies today if you'd like?"Harry thought about this for a moment and frowned, "How are we to pay for all of this?""With money of course," McGonagall said. Harry scoffed for a moment at the seriousness in her tone.Harry rolled his eyes and huffed, "Yes, but we don't have any money to-"McGonagall interrupted, "Why of course you do, Harry. Your parents left you a trust fund after they died for you to use during your schooling. It refills up to its maximum of 10,000 galleons every year until you claim your heir right for the potter vaults."All of this new information was going threw his head and he smiled, "Professor? Do you thing Dudley and I could go alone? We would need you to show us the way there of course, but I was just wondering if you would allow us some privacy on our little trip."She smiled and nodded, "Yes, yes of course, Mr. Potter, but I must warn you to cover up your scar. Your quite famous and it will be the scar that gives you away," she said before reaching into her funny looking dress. As she did this She handed them each a map labeled 'Diagon Alley', "This is a map of Diagon Alley and on the left side of the mad you can see the names of all the shops, their numbers and what they are for." She dug in her pocket again and pulled out a golden key, "This Harry is your key to get into your vaults. If you would fallow me. I will take you to the entrance now."The two orphans nodded and fallowed her out, smiling at each other.After they arrived the Professor told them that they would meat back at the entrance to The Leaky Cauldron when they were finished. The boys said goodbye to the Professor and parted ways."Ok, Harry. We're going to the bank first, right?"Harry nodded at Dudley and made their way to Gringotts Bank. As they approached Harry noticed a strange creature at the door of the bank. He shrugged it off and walked in and up to the front desk, where another one of the creature sat."Excuse me," Harry said, "I would like to see about claiming my heir rights and seeing the amount in my vaults?"At this the creature looked over the desk and glared down at the boys, "And who might you two be?""I'm Harry Potter," at this their were a couple gasps from the other people in the bank, but Harry ignored it and continued, "and this is my cousin, Dudley Evans."The creature nodded and looked off to the side, "Griphook!" he turned back to the boys, "I will have our goblin, Griphook, take you to see the manager for your vaults, Mr. Potter." The goblin, Harry assumed, looked towards Griphook and nodded."Fallow me." Griphook led them into a room off to the side and in there was another Goblin, "Mr. Potter is hear to see you."The other goblin looked up from his work and smiled, "Why, Mr. Potter. It's great to meat you. I'm Rankhook, your vault manager. Please sit." Harry and Dudley sat at the two chairs as the goblin took out two pieces of parchment and two silver knifes, "If you don't mind I would like to test both of you for heir rights?"Harry looked at Dudley and the boy smiled, "No, not at all.""Good, now if you will both please prick your figures and let a few drops of blood drip onto the paper."The two boys did as they were told and pricked their fingers. Harry looked at his paper and was shocked to see his blood spread out and form into words. When he looked at Dudley's paper he frowned. Dudley's was blank."What does this mean, sir?" Dudley asked."It mean, Mr. Evans, that you do not own any of the vaults in Gringotts. Not to worry though. I'm sure your cousin would help you out," Rankhook said as Harry nodded.When Harry looked back at his paper he gasped.~Harry James PotterHeir Rights:Lord to the Noble House of PotterLord to the Noble House of BlackLord to the Noble House of Gryffindor Lord to the Noble House of RavenclawLord to the Noble House of HufflepuffLord to the Noble House of SlytherinVaults:Potter trust fund account - 10,000 galleons Potter family vault - Potter family heirlooms and possessions, 532,955,123 galleons, 962,542 sickles, 51,200 knuts Potter family heir vault - 56,215,315 galleons, 2,512,321 sickles, 542,842 knutsPotter personal vault - 10,000,000 galleons evenEvans personal vault - 10,000,000 galleons evenBlack family heir vault - 965,254,625 galleons, 561,156,545 sickles, 65,621,823 knutsBlack personal vault - closed until further noticeGryffindor family vault - Gryffindor family heirlooms and possessions, 9,651,215,463 galleons, 1,654,001,221 sickles, 351,102,651 knutsGryffindor family heir vault - 900,000,000 galleons, 50,000 sicklesRavenclaw family vault - Ravenclaw family heirlooms and possessions, 865,216,055 galleons, 26,518,350 sickles, 651,048 knutsRavenclaw family heir vault - 20,000,000 galleons, 10,000,000 sicklesHufflepuff family vault - Hufflepuff family heirlooms and possessions, all currency has been transferred and donated to Hogwarts SchoolHufflepuff family heir vault - 9,000,000 galleons evenSlytherin family heir vault - 1,000,000,000 galleons 800,000,000 sickles, 10,000,000 knutsProperties:Potter Mansion in UKPotter Mansion in PolandPotter Beach Villa Potter Cottage in Godric's Hollow Black Mansion in UKBlack Mansion in FranceBlack Mansion in ScotlandNumber 12 Grimmauld Place Black Cottage in AmericaGryffindor Mansion in UK Gryffindor Cottage in UKGryffindor Beach VillaRavenclaw Mansion in UKHufflepuff Mansion in UKHufflepuff Castle in FranceSlytherin Mansion in UKSlytherin Mansion in AmericaSlytherin Mansion in SpainHogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry17 knuts to a sickle29 sickles to a galleonBritish pound converter: 1 Galleon = 4.93, 1 sickle = 0.29, 1 knut = 0.01~Harry's eyes were as round as saucers when he finished reading the parchment."Um, Rankhook? Are all these really mine?" Harry asked.He then handed Dudley the paper to read as Rankhook replied, "They are now. When the blood hit the parchment is when they became yours.""Oh," Harry said as he straitened himself in his chair, "Could I maybe give one or two away?" Harry asked.Rankhook smirked, "If that is what you wish... Which ones do you want to give and to whom?"Harry took the parchment back from the now gaping Dudley and looked it over, "Could I give the 'Evans personal vault' to Dudley?"Rankhook nodded his head and then opened up a drawer in his desk. He then took out a box and a piece of parchment, "I'll need you to write your request down on the parchment and then sign it before giving it to Mr. Evans to sign. Then I wil have you place your hand onto the box and it will create all for your vault and residence keys along with all the property documents."Harry nodded and wrote down the vault he was giving to Dudley before signing it and handing it to the latter and then took the small box and put his hand on top of it.There was a strange glow and then a clicking sound. When Harry lifted his hand he saw two extended compartments, one holding all the keys with labels and the other with all the property documents. Harry put it into his back pack and smiled, thanking himself for having it on this morning."That box is yours and the Evans key is in it until you give it to Mr. Evans over here. I also have these for you," Rankhook then handed Harry another box that held each of the Lord rings, "These are your Lord Ship rings. They will let people know that you are a lord and are to be respected."Harry smiled and slipped them onto his fingers amazed to see that they shrunk to fit his size. The last thing Rankhook gave him and Dudley were pouches that could hold up to 1 million galleons at a time and transferred wizards money into the currency of the country you were in at that time.Harry thanked him and were then led to a kart that would take then to the vaults of their choice. They first arrived at the Evans vault where Harry gave Dudley his key. They were amazed at the amount of gold. Dudley filled his pouch with 5,000 galleons before they moved onto harry's vault.Harry decided to stick with his trust vault since it refilled every year and took all 10,000 galleons out.Just an hour later found Harry and Dudley almost finished with their necessary shopping. Harry and Dudley were now in Madam Malkin's Robe shop getting reasonably-priced high-class school robes when a blonde headed boy walked in."Hogwarts as well? I'm excited for starting this year aren't you?" The blonde boy asked them, "Oh, where are my manners? I'm Draco. Draco Malfoy. You are?"When Draco finally turned his head and saw the Lord Ship rings on Harry's fingers he gaped. Harry gust smiled, "I'm Harry Potter and this is my cousin, Dudley Evans."Dudley smiled and waved, "Your going to catch flies with your mouth hanging like that." Dudley said. Harry smirked.Draco snapped his mouth closed and smiled weakly, "Sorry about that. It's not everyday you see Harry Potter and the Lord of all  the founders."Harry laughed and held out his hand, "Well it's nice to meat you Draco. After this I'm headed over to get a wand then to Twilfitt and Tatting's for some new robes so that I can fit in while I'm hear.""Harry, I told you already, you don't need to bye such expensive clothing!" Dudley said with a huff."Hmm," Harry said with a thoughtful tone, "Fine I'll just order my robes hear then." At this Dudley nodded.When they were finished getting fitted Draco spoke, "Do you think that we could meat back at the Leaky Cauldron for dinner? Say about tree hours?" Dudley and Harry smiled and thanked him before leaving to get their wands.After they had their wands Harry walked outside and looked at Dudley, "That man was seriously bonkers..."Dudley agreed and they laughed. "Harry, I'm going to go look at the pet shop."Harry nodded, "Ok, I wanted to go see about getting my eyes checked and a couple other things. We have about an hour and a half before we meat back up with Draco. Why don't we go our separate ways and meat then?"Dudley agreed and they went there separate ways. Harry walked into the Wizards Eye Care and walked in, "Hello?"A woman in a healers robe came out with a smile on her face, "Why hello there! My name is Healer Jasmine, how can I help you?"Harry smiled, "Hello, Jasmine. I'm in need of some new glasses and a prescription check." Jasmine nodded and motioned him to fallow her."Here we are. Lay down on that table for my, please." Harry did as told and she took of his glasses.She then got out her wand and tapped Harry's left eyebrow twice before doing the same to the right. She then got out a sheet of glass and a vile. She waved her wand over the vile and poured it onto the glass. When she held it over Harry's eyes he gasped."Wow. I can see!" Jasmine laughed and told him to hold the glass in front of his eyes while she brought in the frame options."Would you like frames or contacts?""Contacts, please?" She chuckled and waved her wand over his eyes and the glass."Ok, you now have permanent contacts that will change along with your eyes." Harry smiled and thanked her. "No problem, that will be 5 galleons and a sickle." He paid her before leaving. As Harry walked down the street, looking at every shop name, he found a barber shop.Walking in he smiled at on of the hair dressers at the counter, "Hello.""Hello, sweetie. My name is Mark, what would you like done today?" Said the hair dresser.Harry smiled, "I would like to get coloured and cut." Mark smiled at Harry's suggestion and motioned him over the a seat."What colour, sugar cakes?"Harry got out his backpack and dug inside it, looking for the picture that Dudley gave him. The picture was of him mother, Lily, and his Aunt Petunia when they were girls.When he found it he pointed at his mum and said, "I would like that colour please. I also want it to be permanent so that I don't have to keep colouring it."Mark smiled, "Is that your girl friend?"Harry shook his head, "No. That's my mum when she was younger."Mark made and 'ah' sound and smiled, "She does know that you're doing this, right?"Harry nodded and smirked as Mark got to work. After he was done colouring Harry's hair he moved onto the styling, "What cut would you like?"He thought about it before smiling, "Could I get it cut to about two inches long but style the bangs to where they go up in a 'swoosh'? If that makes sence?"Mark laughed and nodded, "Yes I can do that for you, sweets. I must say you are going to look handsome." Harry blushed and waited.After Mark finished styling his hair he turned him around and Harry smiled. He was pretty good-looking with red hair."I read on the map that you also so ear piercings? Could I get black, size 0 gages?" Mark smiled and nodded."Woo... Hun you are going to be H-O-T, hot!" Mark said and laughed.He then left Harry to look at his new hair in the mirror while he got everything he would need for the piercings.It had taken 30 minutes to finish up with Harry's ears and surprisingly, because of magic, it didn't hurt at all. Mark tried to give Harry his Floo, but Harry declined, not know what it was.He had another 30 minutes left before he had to be back at The Leaky Cauldron for dinner. He decided to go to the Apothecary and look for some useful potions, ingredients, and books for him to get an early start. When he walked it he about ran into a man dressed in all black, who was making his way out."I'm sorry, sir." Harry said looking at the man. The mans black orbs met Harry's emerald ones before Harry slithered past him and into the shop. Harry was faintly aware of the mans gaze watching his every move before he here the man leave.Harry had picked out a couple potions books and recipes, an advanced beginners potion kit, for when he learned how to use the required potions kit, three Pepperup potions, three Sleekeazy's Hair potions and, only because he was a Lord, a vile of Veritaserum and a vile of Felix Felicis. After Harry had learned of what it does and that a lord could get anything in this Apothecary he had immediately gotten one.When he was done he put everything into his backpack and made his way to the Leaky Cauldron with time to spare.After he arrived he saw that Dudley was already there, sitting with Prof. McGonagall and the Malfoys, "Sorry I'm late guys. I had a couple of thing to take care of."Dudley looked up and dropped his mouth, "Blimey, Harry. You looked like your mum... What happened?"Harry smirked and patted Dudley on the shoulder before taking the seat in between him and Draco, "Well I decided to change thing up a bit."His and Dudley laughed, "Well I can't blame you. Ever since I gave you the picture of mum and Aunt Lily you have always fantasized of looking like her."Harry laughed and looked over at the Malfoy family, "Hello, I'm Harry Potter." He introduced himself to Draco's Parents.Narcissa and Lucius smiled. "Lucius Malfoy. It is very nice to meat you, Mr. Potter," Lucius said."Please call me Harry," Harry replied with a smile."I must say," Draco cut in, "I do approve of the new look. Red hair suits you well, Harry." Draco smirked at Harry's blushed cheeks."Thanks, Draco!" Harry smiled and the three boys talking about different things. Draco at one point brought up quidditch and explained the game to them. At the end of the conversation they all agreed that they were getting brooms no matter what anyone said."I saw the Nimbus 2000 in the window with a bunch of kids gathered around! Oh how I would love to have one," Draco said."Now, Mr. Malfoy, you know the school rules on first years and brooms!" McGonagall said sternly, a hint of a smile as her lips twitched upwards. At all the pouting faces she added, "You may get one in second year though. It's not to far away."The boys immediately piped up again with happy conversations on how they were going to make the quidditch team and about all the trick they wanted to try.They were interrupted by the same man from the Apothecary as he walked up, "Hello, Minerva, Narcissa, Lucius, Draco. Who do you have here?""Hello Uncle Sev!" Draco said happily, "This is Harry Potter and Dudley Evans."Harry held out his hand first as 'Sev' shook it and then Dudley's, "It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. ?" Harry said."Professor Severus Snape." The man then turned to Lucius, "Do you mind if I join you?"Lucius smiled, "No not at all. The boys were just talking about quidditch."Severus then took the seat across from Harry and looked at the two boys, "So, Mr. Evans, Mr. Potter, where are your guardians? If I may ask?"Harry's smile faded a little, "Oh, um, Dudley and I live at St. Wilmer's Orphanage for Boys in London." Severus's eyes grew a little wider before going back to the cold look they had before."I don't mean to pry, but how did you end up there?""Severus!" McGonagall said."No it's ok," Dudley replied, "Well, when Harry was left at our door step mum took him to the orphanage because she knew that Vernon wouldn't like a magical person in the house. He's lived there almost his whole life. I got there about two years ago after mum died."Dudley got quiet and looked at Harry. They shared a look and Harry nodded, "Dudley's mum, my Aunt Petunia, is my mum, Lily's sister."Severus nodded and let out a small smile, "I grew up a few houses down from the Evans. Lily and I were friends. Petunia was nice, but just an acquaintance," Severus lied about the last part so not to upset Dudley too much."Really?" Both boy's asked.Severus nodded and smiled, "I'll tell you about them some time, but for now...""What would you all like to eat?" Said a waitress with a pad of parchment in her hand.
