"A/N- Random ones shots with the next gen and their family. Hope you like it.Molly come down we are getting ready to go" said Audrey calling her oldest daughter to come down the stairs."Coming mom. I can't wait to go" said Molly. They were going to get her license to drive. True she was a wizard and wouldn't need it to get around but her mother was a muggle and Molly wanted have it.Lucy was excited for her sister. She didn't want to learn to drive but she was glad that her sister was. "Molly I can't believe that you are going to get it. It will be so cool once you can drive" said Lucy looking at her sixteen year old sister.Molly smiled at her. "I know right. I like the idea of being able to drive if I want too. Mom can't wait either. You know it makes her happy" said Molly.Audrey didn't mind that her daughter were witches like their father was a wizard but she loved it when they wanted to be like muggles also. "Girls are you down stairs? We best get a move on it or we will be late" said Audrey.Molly and Lucy bounced in and Lucy asked "Is dad coming?""No you know how your father is in a car. So it will just be the three of us plus he had to work" said Audrey knowing Percy wasn't going to come. He didn't mind riding in the car with Audrey driving but he was nervous about Molly driving.Lucy smiled as Molly walked out the door. "Too bad dad's loss. He will miss out" said Molly.Lucy agreed with that. "Yea but we can tell dad all about it" said Lucy.Audrey smiled at her daughters. She loved them very much. "Ok Lucy once we get there we will wait for Molly to take her driving test. We can't be in the car with her" said Audrey. Lucy nodded.Molly hopped in the font seat and waited for her sister and mother to get in. Once they were in. They were off. Once they got there Molly got out. "Ok Molly we will be down the street looking at the shop while you take your test" said Audrey."Ok mom see you in a bit" said Molly smiling at her.Lucy smile and said "good luck" as she climbed over the seat to get in the front seat."Lucy what have I told you about that" said Audrey.Lucy looked at her mother. "Sorry mom but it is much easier then getting out shutting the door then opening the front one and closing it again" said Lucy.Audrey just signed. She wasn't going to argue that one for now. She would let it go. "Molly you wait here for us. We will be back soon" said Audrey.Molly just nodded. She hated when her mother got like this. Molly went in and went up to the counter. "Molly Weasley here for my driving test" said Molly smiling."Have a seat over there. Ted should be back soon" said the lady pointing to a seat. Molly went to sit down.There was an older lady sitting next to her that started to talk. "I remember when I first went to get my license to drive. I was scared and nervous but i also remember what it was like when I got it. It was the best day of my life" said the lady.Molly looked at her. "I'm not really nervous or scared. I just want to get it over with" said Molly even though she was a little but it helped to say that she wasn't."Well that's good. I bet you will do fine" she said as Molly's name was called."Molly I am Ted. I will be the one giving you your driving test. If you follow me" said Ted. They went out to the car. Ted got in as Molly did.Molly looked both ways as she pulled out. It was easy so far as she went down the road. "Up here I want you to get in the other lane and turn left. Once you do that you will go up two stop lights and turn right" said Ted.Molly turned on her signal and got over then at the light she waited to turn then she turned went up two lights and turned right. She then had to park which she did. "Very good Molly. You pass. I like how you drive" said Ted.Molly smiled at him. "Thank you" she said as they pulled in. Her mother and sister were waiting for her."Your welcome" said Ted getting out."I passed mom now I can drive" said Molly smiling at her mother."Not without me you can't" said Audrey looking at her daughter. Lucy just laughed at that. She thought it was funny."She got you sis. Real good. Let's go I'm hungry" said Lucy."Ok let's go. I can't wait to tell dad that I ca drive now" said Molly."I so have to be there. I have to see the look on his face" said Lucy loving the fact that her father was going to be a state. They went the Leaky Cauldron to eat. They saw Hannah Neville's wife."Hello Molly and Lucy. This must be your mother Audrey" said Hannah having never met their mother."Yes this is our mother. We just went to get my license today. Now I can drive. We're gonna eat then go home and tell dad. Lucy can't wait" said Molly."Yea dad's gonna freak and it gonna be cool" said Lucy talking to Hannah. Hannah smiled at the two of them."That's great Molly. Well I let you guys eat" said Hannah walking away."Who was that?" asked Audrey not knowing who she was."Professor Longbottom's wife Hannah. She is super cool. Hannah was in Hufflepuff in her day" said Lucy the talker of the two. They left and went home."Did you get it Molly?" asked Percy even though he knew the answer."She got it dad. Mom let her drive home. It was so cool. Molly almost hit a stop sign" said Lucy smiling as her father went pale."Lucy your sister did not almost hit a stop sign. Percy she did fine but she did almost run a red light" said Audrey."I thought I had time to make it through it" said Molly.
