The Dark EmpressDrarryA/N: Yeah, I don't feel like explaining every fucking detail about the first two stories in this one, so if you didn't read 'Lucius Malfoy's Revenge' (LMR for short) and 'One 'Eventful' Summer' (OES for short) then you're screwed. I'll give you the status of those alive and dead though (yeah I killed off some people) And I realize that my page breaks my not have worked, seeing as I used continuous underscores, sorry about that! And I think Draco has the dark mark in my stories, it's just 100% ignored and I feel bad about ignoring it, so I'll say that he was using a glamour charm to hide it or something and Harry doesn't know whateverSIRIUS: ALIVE- Lupin saved him from the veil in LMRPANSY PARKINSON: THE BITCH IS DEAD!- Bellatrix killed her in LMRLUCIUS MALFOY: STILL ALIVE BUT- Harry used Sectumsempra on his right hand in LMR so he is rendered of magic.VOLDEMORT: DEAD (maybe)- Nagini used her tail and shot him with a muggle weapon, (6 shot revolver)in OESBELLATRIX: DEAD (sorry, I actually love her, but I needed to for my story)- Nagini bit her in OESDRARRY~*~*~*~*~DMHPDMHP~*~*~*~*~DRARRYChapter 1: Just the BeginningIt was the start of the new term at Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry and all of the students were in the great hall, watching the first years being sorted."SLYTHERIN!" The sorting hat yelled for a short, with dirty blonde hair and glasses.Harry Potter was sitting at the Gryffindor table, dressed in his red and gold Gryffindor robes waiting for waiting for the start of term feast to begin. Finally after several new students were sorted, Minerva McGonagall called the last student "Zelenko, Kade," Who was sorted into Hufflepuff.McGonagall picked up the stool and the sorting hat and placed them in a nearby broom cupboard, when the headmaster, Albus Dumbledore stood up from his chair at the staff table to start his speech."This year, to the new students I say Welcome, and to those of you returning, I say Welcome back!" Dumbledore said to the wide eyed students. "This year we would like to welcome Professor Sirius Black as our defense against the dark arts teacher." Sirius stood and bowed, "As many of you know, the forbidden forest is off limits to all students. Our caretaker, Mr. Filch has asked me to tell you that there will be no dueling in the hallways, or at all, no wandering after curfew, and that all products from Weasley's Wizard wheezes are banned. For the rest of the rules, please look at the parchment posted on the front of his office. Your schedules will be handed out at breakfast tomorrow by your head of house. But now, Let us feast!"The first years were awed by the food that appeared on the gold and silver platters, but didn't hesitate to dig in, as well as everyone else in the room, such as Harry and his friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger.Harry was watching someone while he ate and that someone was watching him, too. Harry studied this person's silky blonde hair that he often ran his fingers through. He was looked into their deep silver eyes that were staring back just as hungrily.The boy he was watching had sharp pointed features, and pale skin.Oh what this boy did to him.As everyone at Hogwarts knew, Harry Had been with Draco Malfoy and they had been er together for a nice long while now. Since the beginning of last year to be exact. Most people found it funny that the boy-who-lived was queer, but others, (like Ginny Weasley) hated the fact and would avoid the both of them. Not that they cared. Just one less person to deal with.Harry was ready for his first normal year at Hogwarts to begin and he was hoping it would go like any other normal witch or wizards' would.Harry and Draco had defeated Lord Voldemort last year when they were attacked at the burrow and apperated to Voldemort's dead father's house, where they were locked in the cellar. Draco had found a muggle weapon (six shot revolver) just as Harry had befriended Voldemort's pet snake, Nagini, that he now kept as a pet. Dumbledore had even given him special permission to keep her at the school with him.Though Harry knew he couldn't have the same kind of year that everyone else did, seeing as he was famous and all, and got too much attention to be called 'normal' but he would try to fit in the best he could."Merlin, I forgot how good the food taste on the first day!"Ron exclaimed, already piling his plate with seconds."I think it's barbaric." Hermione said, barley eating, "Forcing those poor House elves to cook like this, it's just wrong!""Yeah, it is," Ron said, ignoring her, "Could you pass the pumpkin juice?"Hermione roughly shoved the juice into his hand, and jerked to look the other way, flipping her bushy brown hair in the process.Half an hour later, the food disappeared leaving the plates as empty and clean as they were before they got there. Dumbledore stood again, "You may now go to your dormitories, first years will be escorted by prefects. You may now go.""Ron and I have to go, Harry," Hermione stood. "The Password is 'tortues pourpre piques' (A/N: lol if you don't know what that means, type it in on Google translate) With that she left, pulling Ron behind her. Harry was only able to give a quick wave before he left to escort the Slytherins to the dungeons.Harry was completely fine with the fact that he couldn't be with Draco at the moment since they were going to meet every Sunday night in the Room of Requirement. And today was Sunday. And, quite frankly, they haven't been apart one second since the summer. So he went straight to the Gryffindor common room.When he entered through the portrait hole, he found Hermione leaning against Ron, clutching a book and surprisingly enough, Ginny was with them. Harry sat down with them, and Ron spoke, "I still can't believe Sirius is a professor now.""I'm not surprised," Hermione said, not looking up from her book. "He got an 'O' on his O.W.L's and his N.E.W.T's.""I know but twelve years In Azkaban and now he's teaching." Harry said. "Even though he was innocent.""It'll be weird for you, mate," Ron said. "You'll have to call him Professor Black.""So, er, how have you been, Ginny?" Harry asked."Just so damn brilliant!" She said as sarcastically as she could."You know, you can't change the fact that I'm gay, Ginny. If I weren't I would probably still be with you. And, I mean, Justin Finch-Fletchley likes you!""He's a Hufflepuff," Ginny sighed, "Hufflepuffs are retards.""Okay, then, how about" Harry thought. "Dean?""I've already dated him," She said. "He was an arse."They were both silent."I know," She stood, "Collin Creevey!""Oh," Harry grinned. "He's over there.""Okay, then. Collin, hey, COLLIN!"Next thing they knew, Ginny and Collin were on their way to the astronomy tower."I'm getting sick of this!" Ron Said as they walked out. "First she was with Michael Corner, Dean, Seamus, you, Zabini, and now Collin Bloody hell, my sister's a slut!""That's nice, Ron, but I've got to go meet Draco." With that, he left for the Room of Requirement early to escape the oh-so awkward conversation with the red head.DRARRY~*~*~*~*~DMHPDMHP~*~*~*~*~DRARRYBy the time Draco had finished his prefect duties and got by the many questions about Voldemort and the more personal ones about Harry, he fled straight to the Room of Requirement to see Harry already there."Hey Draco," Harry motioned for him to sit next to him on the cozy looking black couch the room had made. Draco slid on the cushion beside him and sighed."I hate this." Draco said. "I wish we wouldn't have had to come back to Hogwarts.""Oh?" Harry said, play mocking. "Is Mr. 'I need attention' not liking all the attention?""No Scarface, I hate the attention." He said as-a-matter-of-factly. "I don't know how you can handle so much of it.""I hate it too, but it's only one more year, and then we can both get the jobs we want, like I want to be an Auror." He said, "I need an Outstanding on Defense against the dark arts, Potions, and, transfiguration. Surly you would need some kind of NEWT level for whatever it is that you chose to do for an occupation.""I wanted to be a healer, which is a bit ironic seeing as I'm the son of a death eater and I myself am one." He looked at the couch the entire time he talked."Draco, just because you were born into a family of death eaters well it doesn't make you one.""No, Harry." He shook his head and looked into his eyes. "I've been hiding something from you. I understand if you're mad, but I thought if you saw it you would hate me.""What are you talking about? What have you been hiding?" Harry asked somewhat eager and somewhat comforting."Please don't leave me for this." He pulled up his right sleeve and mumble the counter curse for a glamour charm. The dark mark surfaced on the pale skin of his forearm, and a tear slipped from his eye. Harry stared at it for a moment before he gently brushed his fingers over it. He drew his attention from the mark and looked at Draco, whose head was hanging low, staring at it."Draco." Harry said softly. Draco only closed his eyes. Harry lifted Draco's chin with his finger and studied the tears on his face. His eyes were still closed. Harry placed a soft chaste kiss on his lips and pulled back. Draco had opened his eyes. "I don't care that you have the mark. You don't seem like you like it, and you obviously don't want to be a death eater. I'm more upset that you hid it from me than the fact that you have it.""So, you don't hate me?""How could I?" Harry grinned, seeing this mark on someone who is actually evil means something. But seeing it on you? It's just a tattoo, Draco."Malfoy smiled and hugged Harry. They stayed curled up on the couch all night and fell asleep, one smiling with tear stains and the other grinning happy to comfort the one he cares for most.
