Hello! So this is my first fan fiction so ... please be nice? If you can, of course. So I love, love, love Draco and yes I know he's a little shit sometimes but I still love him. I had this idea in my head for a LONG time, too long if you ask me and I finally decided to write it down. Draco will become a complete BAMF cause I read too many fan fiction where Draco is broken and weak and a damsel in distress, and I like a lot of them but I want a fanfic where he becomes a complete BAMF! So here it is ... P.S sorry for any typo or grammar errors I am very bad at that so beware ... Also if anyone reads any good BAMF Draco and/ or Snape (he's my favorite character) PLEASE TELL ME! I will be eternally grateful! :) TRIGGER WARNINGS: non-con, torture ... this chapter is M later chapters will be T"Such a pretty thing you grew into young Malfoy"Draco Malfoy shivered in the damp abandoned bathroom. Looking up at the grey eyed boy reflected back at him in the foggy mirror, the handsome aristocratic face hugged with feather silky blond hair, he snarled inhumanly."Pretty"He couldn't escape the sadistic purr that followed him, ice cold fear pierced his insides."Pretty"His shivers turned violent as he held onto the grimy white sink for support."Pretty"The cold hands grabbed him. Plunging him down the icy abyss, he was blind in the dark only with the light demonic red orbs to guide him."Pretty"His clothes where shredded leaving him nude to face to brutal winds, vultures barricaded his weak form. Waiting for their turn with his mutated corpse."Pretty"He was drowning, gasping for air that was out of reach. His limps were frozen useless until he was marble statue created for public use."Pretty"The slimy hand traveled across his limbs, mocking a lovers caress as each lingering touch left a trail of slime."Pretty"He didn't know that through the cold he could feel the heat from his cheeks. The shame that nipped his toes as he was put on display, touched on display, for everyone to see."Pretty"He looked desperately for a life raft in the brutal ocean, finding the eyes of his parents his knees gave out seeing their set faces. Even the cold tears on his mother's pretty cheeks couldn't make his fate any less of a brutal punch to the chest."Pretty"He felt himself become dizzy; the vultures became twisted as he was spun around the room with only the cold dead hand branding his skin as an anchor."Pretty"He didn't realize he wasn't breathing until he was puffing air but no matter how many gasps he greedily stole it still felt like he was deflating."Pretty"His thundering heart silenced the mocking cheers and the monstrous purr."Pretty"He didn't realize he fell until he was looking up through tear stung eyes at hungry red orbs."Pretty"The cold hang mockingly caressing his blond hair made his heart stop. He wished that the organ didn't restart a moment later."Pretty"The cold hand left a permanent residue as it drew out his features, dirtying the handsome shinny face to a rusty grime mask, a horrendous creature that begged for death to put it out of its misery."Pretty"His eyes where clenched tight but he could still see. He didn't know fear could be this painful."Pretty"His body was levitated, each second made his body tense until he was glass waiting to be shattered."Pretty"The shame that marred him was almost as loud as his fear."Pretty"The silk sheets he was laid on felt like broken glass, he wondered if maybe he was mercifully shattered and laying on his remains."Pretty"He wouldn't let his tears fall, he couldn't let his tears fall."Pretty"The cold limb returned to its task, molding his handsome limbs into a grotesque beast."Pretty"He finally noticed his haggard breath hidden behind his pounding heart beat."Pretty"He was an marionette doll for the masters pleasure."Pretty"The monstrous voice somehow turned tangible as it bounded his limbs still."Pretty"His body betrayed him once more as acidic tears charred his cheeks."Pretty"He waited for a moment when the hand retreated, for a moment naive brutal hope lied to him. He squinted his eyes open only to gasp at finding a monster inches from his own. His fear soothed him as he felt his lips where claimed brutally. The copper taste of his blood thankfully washed out the rancid taste of the monster, he willed him self not to gag at the slimy invader but found he didn't have to worry as he was too preoccupied letting himself drown when the air was snatched from him."Pretty"When the monster retreated, he felt the dribble of blood travel his chin, the revulsion of the monsters slime smothering his mouth made him feel the acidic taste of bile rise his in his throat. He swallowed it quickly hoping the burning taste would melt away the monsters slime."Pretty"He welcome the acidic tears as it sang his shame as he tried to distract him self from the pale cold hand that smeared the crimson blood onto his stark pale chin, fingerprinting a brand onto the untouched canvas."Pretty"He couldn't escape the red orbs as they demanded his attention, he was too afraid to revolt."Pretty"The magic that bounded him into submission made itself known as he desperately tried to escape the silver chains. He felt the need to gag once more as the monsters slimy tongue greedily drank his acidic tears."Pretty"His fight to gag continued as his mouth was reclaimed, the monster swallowed his blood like it was Merlin's wine."Pretty"His lips where chewed raw."Pretty"He found a moment of mercy when he able to close his eyes, however his mercy was ripped away when he found himself able to see behind the curtains."Pretty"He pretended the cruel ruthless lips were a nameless lover, kind and sweet, trying to teach him how to make music with their limbs. He pretended that the cold dead limbs covering him were warm and full of life."Pretty"He felt himself being split into two."Pretty"He looked up in shock at the red orbs finding the nameless lover desolated into the monster."Pretty"He didn't know this amount of pain was possible."Pretty"The sadistic red orbs greedily devoured his anguished features."Pretty"His insides where being burnt for the monster's dinner, he wanted his body well done."Pretty"It was excruciating."Pretty"He didn't realized he had been screaming in agony until his throat was unable to produce anything but a harsh soundless scream."Pretty"He hoped he drowned when the mouth drank his agony ferociously."Pretty"He didn't notice the monstrous laughing above him as he withered in pain."Pretty"He blearily noticed the monster gnarling at his flesh as the knife sliced deeper inside him."Pretty"When the monster climaxed he felt his eyes rolled into his head and prayed that he finally met his death."Pretty"He awoke naked in blood and the monsters claim tattooing his once clean flesh."Pretty"He noticed the heavy silvered chain adorned with priceless jewels locking him to the monsters silk sheets."Pretty"He clawed at the heavy metal collar tied at his throat not noticing he was digging into his flesh."Pretty"The disgust in his mothers eyes as she was forced to clean him made the shame that was hidden beneath the pain return to blister his scarred skin."Pretty"The monster returned."Pretty"Every inch of his body was used. He couldn't move, couldn't blink, couldn't breath, without being assaulted with excruciating pain."Pretty"He stopped trying to breathe."Pretty"He tried to count how long he was locked to the silk sheets with the collar preventing him from escape. He tried to count each session but lost track when the number's rose to the hundreds. He took to scratching a deep red scar into his thigh each time the monster left with his jagged finger nails."Pretty"His only source of kindness was the house elf Dippy who cleaned him after the monster's hourly sessions. He cried each time knowing he was unworthy to be treated with such kindness. He wished the house elf would be cruel as he was to her."Pretty"The monster allowed his Godfather give him a potion after 200th session to stitch his wound's until his body pure again. However he knew that his innocence was burned away with his body."Pretty"He no longer felt shame at hearing his Godfather's gasp when seeing his broken form."Pretty"He stopped believing he was going to be saved when his Godfather left him alone to face the hungry monster."Pretty"The monster returned and returned his body to it's previous state. Making his body as filthy as he was. He was rougher than the last time, he felt him self pass out after the first minute with the monster."Pretty"He dazedly remembers thanking the monster."Pretty"His shame and pride was pounded out of him with each thrust from the monster."Pretty"He continued to cut out a scar for each of his sessions, soon his tally marks traveled down his thigh to his knee."Pretty"The monster liked to draw on the pale canvas."Pretty"When the monster allowed him to leave unchaining the collar on his neck he didn't know how to feel without the anchor, however the monster used a knife to draw in a permanent collar around his frail pale neck."Pretty"When the monster told him to go until he was summoned, he found he forgotten how to walk."Pretty"The sneer and taunts from the vultures no longer affected him, his parent's refusal to look at him no longer affected him, only when he was in his room and he looked at the once majestic rich sleeping chambers did he react. He broke every inch of that room until his fist was bloody."Pretty"He followed the house elf Dippy to the elf's sleeping chambers. A dusty moldy room in the attic."Pretty"He slept with the house elves in the small hidden attic sharing a tattered flimsy cloth with Dippy. He only left the room when he was summoned for the monster. At dinner he was forced to knell beside the monster as the cold dead limb feed him, the monster's snake glared distastefully at him knowing she was superior."Pretty"He slept there in the elf's chambers, soon the elves stopped pleading for him to leave and sleep in his own bed."Pretty"Soon they finally stopped calling his 'Master Draco'"Pretty"Soon they allowed his appearance into their life still looking hesitantly at him, knowing he didn't belong."Pretty"Dippy became his only friend, offering kind words and allowing him to shadow her as she completed work."Pretty"He only spoke to Dippy. He only screamed to the monster."Pretty"He became used to the pain after a while. He even didn't cry any more, he had no more tears as he numbly accepted his duties for what he became. Draco Malfoy died and in his place he grew, rising like a demented phoenix. He didn't mourn Draco Malfoy's untimely death. He was too preoccupied trying to join the boy."Pretty"Before he left for Hogwarts's the monster reclaimed him, brutally and savagely tearing him apart and drinking his bloody remains. Reminding him who he was. What he was."Pretty"Dippy dressed him in fine black silk robes; she brushed his long pale locks tying it with a green ribbon, carefully hiding the scars from view with each silk item. When he looked at the tall skinny handsome wizard in front of him he was confused who it was, it was like a stranger with his dead grey eyes."Pretty"He was giving his wand before he was escorted to the train, the magic hugged him but he didn't like it. It felt uncomfortable like he was stranger posing as an old friend. He shoved the wand in his pocket accepting that he was no longer a wizard."Pretty"He embraced the fact that he was just a creature."Pretty"He hugged Dippy before he left, crushing her small frame with his own. He accepted her sloppy tears no longer flinching under touch."Pretty"He ignored the horrid gasps from Lucius and Narcissa as he smothered the house elf with all he knew what love to be. Trying to bestow to her his thanks for the nights he woke screaming with her protectively holding him. He tried to thank her for making him, for a moment in her frail arms, feel safe."Pretty"Lucius allowed him to keep Dippy, the disgust in the similar grey eyes felt didn't make him feel, only when he felt Dippy's bony fingers in his own did he felt a glimmer of warmth in his numb dead body."Pretty"He allowed Dippy to smile for him as they boarded the train, he didn't care for the eyes watching the peculiar couple, the once tall proud handsome blond wizard holding hands with an oddly dressed house elf, when he met emerald green orbs he felt nothing."Pretty"He looked at the crowd from his seat, his head resting on the cold glass watching with a vague watered sense of envy at the smiling faces hugging each other. He was an impostor, a fraud. He wrapped an arm around Dippy who was proudly wearing Draco Malfoy's silk shirt and boxer's happily clinking her new shinny shoes. He remembered giving her his clothes the day before he departed, he traveled to Draco Malfoy's wrecked room, cleanly polished with Draco Malfoy's made bed proudly that look so similar to monster's green silk sheets mocking him, sneering at him that he was unwelcome in Draco Malfoy's room.Quickly he approach the shinny pristine wardrobe and pulled out clothes after clothes sprinting back to the attic. He presented them to the shocked house elf knowing he was setting her free with his action. He needed her to be free, to taste the freedom he could never obtain.Her large brown eyes watered as she bawled at him, beveling his action to be one of dismissal. He held her form hushing her blabbering words and whispered to her urgently to be free, to live. He didn't know that she began to cry tears for him but then he heard her swearing to be with him, refusing to leave, saying that she was his house elf, his friend. He felt shock penetrate his form and warmth hug his belly, he believed this is what it felt like to feel love."Pretty"Looking back into the crowd he caught the eyes of Draco Malfoy's parents, the similar grey eyes watching him with an expressionless mask. He felt numb by their cold stares but looking next to them and seeing the glamoured face of the monster, shock slapped him in the face.He almost didn't recognize the monster hidden behind the handsome proud wizard but when he caught the green eyes, he saw the red orbs peaking beneath them warning him. Reminding him that would never escape, that he would always be the monster's creature. A sadistic smirk spread across the monster's pained face mouthing to him the truth of his fate, the reason for Draco Malfoy's fate."Pretty"He didn't know how many times he wished he died."Pretty"He didn't realize he did."Pretty"The blond boy roared his sore throat aflame at the memories that flashed in his eyes."Pretty"He looked at the painted face of the monster's creature look at him and he felt anger that hid behind his pain emerge."Pretty"The boy punched the mirror not caring for his bleeding pale hand."Pretty"He couldn't escape the face, even in the shattered mirror fragments he saw his face taunt him."Pretty"Dazedly he picked up a pointed mirror fragment in his bleeding hand."Pretty"The only sound in the damp could bathroom was the echoing sound of blood dripping on the grey tiles."Pretty"He reached for the corn silk hair numbly chopping away chucks until his proud locks where scattered across the bathroom floor."Pretty"His face taunted him, ruthlessly and uncaringly admitting its guilt."Such a pretty boy you are young Malfoy"Draco didn't feel the glass tear at his cheek, didn't feel the path of the glass as he gashed into the puffy unmarked white skin of his cheek. He didn't care for the blood bleeding profusely. He didn't care for his blurry vision or wobbly stumble. He didn't care for the faint screaming beside him. He didn't care for the darkness that slowly swallowed him whole."My pretty little pet"All he cared for was that for the first time, he was not pretty.
