Once we are seated and gathered around the table, Mom starts to make conversation,"How is your studying going?" She asks politely. spooning a fork full of mashed potatoes into her mouth."Fine." I say, Mom never really likes to talk about our work, but Father is intrigued."Learning lots about unicorns and monsters?" He brings out his hand claws and swipes them in our direction, it makes me laugh."There called 'Magical Creatures' Dad" I joke."Besides." Pipes up Penelope. "She's only writing a few essays, not really learning until school starts again."Mom flinches and drops her fork."Were not talking about Hogwarts at dinnertime." She states."But honey, you brought it up." Dad argues. That was enough for Mom,"It's not fair!" Mom throws down her arms in anguish. She always has to start something every year before school. "Why cant they go to high school!" (The muggle school here in town) "They cant live so far from us! Learning to do magic! Its not right! I went to school every morning an came back every afternoon. Now Josephine is going all by herself!" Mom got up and briskly walked out of the dining room. Dad rolled his eyes and followed.Penelope took a sip from her glass of water. "... And then there were two." She said."Does she have to do this every year?" I groaned."You know how she is." Penelope said calmly. I guess she's been through this routine more than I have. Penelope graduated last year.I leaned back in my chair thinking. Mom and Dad had been pretty surprised when they had Penelope and she turned out a witch, by then they already had had me, I always thought that they wouldn't of had me if they knew i was going to be a witch. Penelope never believed my theory. Easy for her to say that, she's the oldest.Then i got up and moved my empty dishes to the sink in the kitchen. It was getting dark now an unsettling shadow was about the neighborhood, nothing stirred. Our street was always suspiciously quiet. No rambunctious cats, no car alarms, just quiet. I think thats why we have so many people on our road. Everyone loves it, we all kind our contribute.Suddenly a loud screech filled the house when Penelope opened the front door."Mails here!" She called out. I rushed over and together Penelope and I tackled the bird, (So much for quiet) trying to find our letters first and send the frazzled barn owl on its way with our answers. We brought the owl and the rumpled parchment to our bedroom. I set the bird on a perch by the window and began sorting the mail. We sat facing each other on the bed kriss cross."... Letter from percy," Penelope blushed when i dropped the slim envelope onto her lap. "Note from Ginny." I added the note to my pile. "Back to school letters." I smiled and added it to my stack. More letters from our friends at school and followed and surprisingly, a fat envelope addressed to Penelope by her ex-boyfriend Lee Jordan. Penelope scoffed and immediately tossed it in the trash. Lee and Penelope went out for a few weeks till she discovered percy and preferred how up-tight and responsible he was.I smirked at her and opened my note from Ginny, personally i would have stayed with Lee.Dear Jo, hows your summer? mines been so busy. Harry and Hermione has come to stay and we just have so many people in the house i don't think mom would let for another kid here. sorry. maybe next year. :( Were all going to Diagon Alley thursday to shop for our books and things, why don't you meet us there? I have contacted Eileen and Marisa. There coming too! write back soon!  -Ginny 3Ginny is always trying to get me up to her house, she says i would love it there, I do, i've been to her house many a time, and cant wait to go back. I'll talk to dad about driving me up to London. We have to get a whole new set of books parchment and ink for school, plus, some new robes, i've grown at least an inch this summer and need new ones. (Last year my robes were pushing the boundary being too small).I look up from my note to penelope, who is gazing dreamily out the window. Almost like a princess waiting for her prince to come save her. That girl has fallen hopelessly in love with geeky Percy Weasley.Smirking to myself I pick a small piece of paper from my dresser drawer and write back:Dear Ginny, I would love to meet your family in Diagon Alley, I need lots of things for school, anyways. :) And its fine. I can see your house anytime :p My summers fine, little boring, sleeping, reading, eating. The job at the bookstore though is uneventful. Still only 7$ an hour but... oh well. Cant wait to see you thursday!  -Jo 3The days flied by and sooner than I expected, Dad and I were driving through London on our way to the Leaky Cauldron. The radio was on and was playing "Come with me now" by Kongos. Thats the kind of stuff Dad liked to listen to while driving. "Wont find anything that'll make your head bob like this, anywhere else." He'd say. Every time.But this time, Dad turned down the radio, and looked at me sternly."What?" i ask defensively."Young Lady," uh oh. "There is something very serious i need to talk to youabout""What is it dad?" i ask, trying to put my best 'innocent' face on.He looked intently at me and raised one eyebrow. (Yes, he literally raised his left eyebrow)."I am very concerned for your well being. And i want you to know that at this age more young wizard males" He couldn't be serious "will be knocking on your door and-"At that moment i burst out laughing, scattering his attempt at intimidation. He himself was nearing laughter, he had that glint in his eye and a smile creeping upon his face. I just kept laughing, Dad tried to re-start his sentence but i wouldn't let him."Now see here-""Your mother!-""I'm seri-""But lis-"Finally i calmed down and listened with a strained look about me."I just wanted to say..." He then looked sideways at me. "That no wizard males, are aloud knocking on our door.""Gotcha dad.""Good, because i remember at my age, girls noticed me long before i noticed them.""Thanks dad.""No seriously, I was a real player back then. Men are snakes...""Alright dad!""Don't turn your back on them for a second, because once you do!-""O.K! Dad! i got it really!"Dad pulled our Ford Flex into a parking space outside the leaky cauldron."Good!" He handed me a muggle 20$ bill and i got out of the car."Bye dad!""Bye sweetheart! I'll pick you up around 2:00?""Sounds good! bye!"Dad pulled away and rounded the corner, then he was gone.Inside the Leaky Cauldron there was plenty of shady figures and strange people sitting at the bar, eating at the tables. It was a bit of a strange scene combined with my braided hair, light black raincoat; open slightly showing my bright pink long-sleeve. I always wear jeans... and i was carrying my small brown "Shopping purse", thats what mom called. Compared to the bar, which was dingy and dark.Outside on the other side of the Leaky Cauldron was a cheerful street lined on each side with quaint shops selling everything from books and wands to eels and dragon hearts. Everywhere on the street was bustling with witches and wizards, trying to get there morning shopping done. Smiling at the thought, I walked over to Florish and Blotts, the book store where Ginny was to meet me. The words 'Florish and Blotts' was freshly painted white in front of a clover green backdrop. Below the sign was two crates filled with books, a small sign over them said clearance. I bent down to pick up one badly beaten and dirty copy of Hogwarts; A History, The cover was faded purple and the binding was ratty and ripped. Who would treat a book like this? All the other books inside the shop window were all carefully looked after, brand spanking new, all polished with pride. I hated to see this book treated like this, I walked inside the shop, and stopped at the till. A tall handsome wizard wearing glasses was gabbling to the Witch ahead of me. I think i remember seeing him a Hogwarts. He was in my year i think.I began to look closer at the cover of Hogwarts: A History, and saw that a small bump, the looks of which the tip of a nose, was forming on the front. I shrugged this off as the Witch in front of me turned and left."How can I help you?" He said smiling to me."Umm, i found this book outside in the clearance box, how much?"The boy eyed me skeptically. "This old copy?"I smiled knowingly and said back. "Yes""Posh! Since your taking it off my hands, why don't you take it for free?"Who says Posh?"Oh, I cant do that. How much?" i reached into my purse for some change."One knut." He smirked "And since were rounding down that will be free." The boy smiled dashingly and i couldn't help but admire his teeth. Perfectly straight and white. At that moment i remembered where i saw him, he's a fourth year too, In Ravenclaw i think."Do you always give discounts to customers?" I asked, hoping for the answer I'm searching for."Only the pretty ones." Bingo. Got it!I don't blush very often, but when i do, its for the right reasons."Jo! you here?" Ginny has arrived, and was calling my name from the entrance, I could see her around the corner of a bookshelf."I got to go," I say to the clerk, as i start to walk away i toss him a knut and he catches it. "On me". Then i give him one last smile and I'm out of the shop.
