CHAPTER ONEHarry looked across his room. He loved it, nobody knew about it and he loved the peaceful bliss and silence of being alone. He was only five years old, and yet, he had a twin, the Boy-Who-Lived, Nick Potter. Nick Potter was the older of the twins, born on the exact stroke of half past twelve. Harry though, had been born at twelve fifty-nine. They had been born on July 31, and they looked completely different. Harry was small and slim, pale skin, jet black hair, and his mother's emerald green eyes, or as others called it, Avada Kedavra eyes, a sure sign that he would turn dark. Nick on the other hand, was quite, er, big, and he had red hair, muddy brown eyes, and tan eyes. Harry loved reading and Quidditch, which he was a very good player at, seeker actually, only he hadn't a broom. The only broom that he was allowed to use was the old, outdated broom that had sat in the dark corner of the Potter's broom shed at Potter mansion. Nick however hated learning, and pretended to like Quidditch though he actually hated it in reality. And though he had all the latest brooms and Quidditch gear, he was very bad at it, if you decided to glorify him at it in the least, he would still come across as mediocre at best.Anyways, back to Harry's room. Harry's room was located in the huge library. All you had to do was go to the deepest, dankest corner and pull on a book about jinxes. The bookshelf it was on would slide apart, revealing a wooden door. It would only open for those the room deemed worthy enough, and Harry was deemed worthy. Once in the room, it was rumored to be inhabited by the first Potter, three of the walls were covered in bookshelves that held the most rare and interesting books. Then, in the middle of the room, there was Harry's bed, a huge king sized fourposter that was hung with blue silk curtains, the sheets and pillowcases were green, but on top of the silk sheets, there was a warm and fluffy blue comforter that matched the silk hangings. The other wall was a light powder blue, and there were silk tapestries adorning the wall, but there was also a large window, that show onto the forest. His clothes were kept in a trunk, or well trunks, that Harry had come across one day. He had found them in the library, and as soon as Harry had touched them, a note had appeared on top of them, reading:Dear Finder, There are three trunks here, the first having two compartments, the second having four, and lastly, the third having six. Which one do you choose?Harry thought for a while and then chose the third one, and two of the three trunks vanished, leaving a blue, green and silver trunk with the Hogwarts Crest stamped with the Hogwart's Crest. The note reappeared, saying,Dear Finder, There are several different compartment choices. Regular, Apartment, Kitchen, Bathroom, Dueling Room, Classroom, Potions Lab, and Pet House. Which do you choose?Harry thought for a while amazed, before stating, "I choose Apartment, Kitchen, Bathroom, Dueling Room, Potions Lab, and Pet House." The trunk magically readjusted itself, and another letter appeared.Dear Finder, As a reward for choosing so nobly, you get several charms on your trunk, as well as as the Regular Compartment. These charms are the Featherweight Charm, and the Regular Compartment gets the Never-Ending Charm. Goodbye and good luck.Harry smiled and put the said trunk at the foot of his bed. *During all of this, he was five, so remember that. But I need to explain more about his, erm, neglect and stuff. Harry and his brother we one when his brother supposedly defeated the dark lord, but in reality, he did. Harry never gets any presents, is an outcast, has no friends, and his parents basically forgot he exists. There, I explained it, now on with the story!* Harry had soon stumbled upon a pile of clothing in the corner of his room. They were fifteen pairs of blue and green robes, some were silk, but some were thicker, for winter. Also, there were thick wool cloaks, all black with silver clasps, and like the robes, some were silk, and some were thicker for winter. There was also a pair of shoes, and some muggle clothes, blue, green, and black shirts, with normal blue jeans. All of these clothes were charmed with charms to make them always be clean, and never wear down or anything, plus they'd all grow with him. He put them in his trunk. Then he went downstairs to see if he had gotten eve one present, after all, it was his birthday.Once downstairs, Harry watched Nick's presents. Among numerous things from fans and admirers, Nick had gotten the invisibility cloak, marauder's map, toy broomstick, and toy wand. Harry got a muggle board game called scrabble. He sadly took the box upstairs, to his trunk, but along the way, found a potions kit, it was actually a professional one, and a real wand. Cheered, Harry went to his trunk and put the potions kit in the potion lab in his trunk and dressed in his new muggle clothes with one of the thicker black robes and cloaks on. He put his wand in a wand holster that was strapped to his wrist and went into the library, looking for some first year school books. Finding a small shelf, he found all of the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh year school text books. He smiled happily and took all of them to his room.Harry had put a painting on the door and locked the door. The painting was of the four founders of Hogwarts, and they always greeted him as little prince. He had arranged so that he had to tell the painting a password and then he could enter because they would open the door after unlocking it. Greeting the painting, he answered, "Potions," as his password and the door swung stepped into the room and deposited the books on a shelf next to his bed, except for the potions books which he put in the Potions Lab, and took out the Grade 1 Book of Spells. He practiced every spell in the book, and by the time he was finished, it was dinner time, you see, all of this happened very early in the day, and the fact that he was an exceptionally smart kid helped too. He could also apparate and he had several animagus forms, a snake (basilisk), a lion, a raven, a badger, and a phoenix. Out of the phoenix form however, he could transform into any species of phoenix, not just the normal ones.Harry put the spell book up and his wand under his pillow, still in its holster. Then he exited the room andclosed the secret bookshelf. He walked to the dining room, and his heart almost broke when he saw only three place seatings. Steadying his nerves, he went to the kitchen and sat down at a table in the corner. He asked a house elf for a bowl of soup, sandwich, treacle tart, and a goblet of ice cod pumpkin he had finished his dinner, he thanked the house elves and went upstairs to his room. Once there, he changed into pajamas and sighed, defeated. He turned off the lights and closed the curtains to his fourposter, falling into a deep, deep sleep.
