I posted this at Archive of Our Own, and it has generated so much interest, it seemed worth posting here, even though I haven't completed the story yet. This is my first go at something truly Lemon. It was intended originally as a furry yiff hentai one-shot, and as practice for writing a graphic sex scene. But somehow it actually started turning into a real story. :PI've also striven to maintain some sort of canonical integrity at least regarding the behaviour of the characters. But this is my most AU story to date.Chapter 1Harry was rather disgusted by the time he and Ron had returned to the girl's bathroom. They had wasted vile tasting polyjuice potion on a useless pursuit while Hermione was clearly in some sort of distress. Ron didn't seem too perturbed though. He was picking his nose and all he could think about was Slytherin's Heir, and what sort of Christmas Goodies to eat when they got back to the Gryffindor common room."Hermione, what's wrong?" Harry called through the toilet stall door."Oooooh!" giggled Moaning Myrtle, "It's simply awful...""Go away Harry," shouted a tearful Hermione, "I... I don't want you to see me like this.""You've got to come out some time." Said Ron, sniffing.Hermione relented and slowly opened the stall's door. Harry's jaw dropped. Hermione's face was covered in fur, she had pointy ears and a tail. She had turned into a cat-or rather, part way into a ginger tabby cat, and tears were dripping from Hermione's whiskers.Ron started guffawing loudly and Harry punched him in the arm hard, shooting him a dirty look. Ron shut up and looked miffed."It's alright," said Harry comfortingly, "I've got my invisibility cloak. I'll take you up to Madame Pomfrey's. She'll sort you out in no time." Harry looked at Ron with beckoning eyebrows. But Ron was slightly annoyed now, because he didn't see what was wrong with having a laugh. Hermione would get over it. And he was hungry anyway. And he wanted to play with his new wizard chess set.So Ron just shrugged and gave Harry a grin."Go on Harry, I'll see you in the common room when you get back. We'll play with my new wizard chess set."Harry just stared at his best friend, not sure if he was hearing right. Their other best friend was now half-cat half-girl, and all the stupid lump could think about was his bloody Christmas presents? Harry hadn't paid much attention to Ron's lack of sensitivity before. He had been disturbed when Ron had called Hermione a "Nightmare" their first year, but as they had all become friends after the Troll incident he had long forgotten it until now.Harry frowned slightly."Right then, bye Ron." He said while throwing his invisibility cloak over Hermione, "Come on Hermione, Lets go to the infirmary."Ron watched the pair leaving with an odd feeling that something had just happened between them all.~o0o~"I'm not leaving Hermione," Harry told Madame Pomfrey firmly. "It's Christmas Holidays still-will be for a week-and there's no reason I can't sleep in a cot next to hers at night. She's my BEST Friend" Harry said emphatically, forgetting about Ron briefly. "Please say it's alright! I'm not going, but I'd rather not get into trouble if you can help it."Madame Pomfrey could see the hurt and determination in Harry's eyes and relented."Alright Mr Potter," she sighed, "Go and get what you need from your dormitory. You can stay until the end of the Christmas holidays, or until Miss Granger is better, whichever comes first."Harry beamed."Thank you Madame Pomfrey. I'll go and get them right now." Harry startled Hermione when he turned around and gave her a big hug. "I'll be right back Hermione. Don't worry. I know it'll all work out."Hermione's tail twitched happily. Her whiskers were still dripping tears, but feeling Harry against her made her feel as nice as his words had. She had a sudden urge to kiss Harry, but instead she blushed under her fur and turned her face away.~o0o~"Whaddya mean you're staying in the hospital wing with Hermione?" Ron asked sullenly.Harry just stared at Ron in amazement again. What didn't Ron understand? Was Harry mumbling? Harry thought he had been clear, but given Ron's gormless expression, perhaps he should have used simpler language. He'd try again."Hermione needs someone to be with her right now. She doesn't have anyone else but us," Harry said slowly, enunciating every word properly.For some reason, that rankled Ron. That "us" didn't seem to have quite the same pull as it had before today. But Harry was his best friend. Ron was sure he would forget about Hermione after the holidays and they could get back to wizard chess and playing quidditch and pulling pranks in their off-hours. So Ron just sighed."Yeah, guess you're right mate. Well, I'd join you two, but Madame Pomfrey probably has matching pillows for you both already. Wouldn't want to put her out" he joked.Harry was really feeling weirded out. Ron wasn't behaving any differently than usual, but all of a sudden Harry realised how inappropriate and ill-timed Ron's "humour" was. It sounded more like a dig at him now. Had Ron always sounded this way? Mildly belligerent? Maybe to other people. But this was the first time Harry had felt it directed at him, and he didn't like it. Harry suddenly felt ashamed of himself for not sticking up for Hermione more when Ron was antagonising her.Ron realised he had said something wrong from the expression on Harry's face. But he couldn't for the life of him figure out what it was. He would have to apologise and bluster his way through this."Oh... er... sorry Harry. I just meant, 'look after Hermione' you know."Harry just looked at Ron funny for a moment longer then he smiled."Right. Of course you did Ron," Harry said, trying to put on a cheery voice. "Well, I've got my trunk packed. I'm off till next week. I'll drop by the common room to say hello, maybe a game of chess... Butterbeer...""Yeah," Ron said, returning a stiff smile, "Sounds alright. I'll stop by the infirmary and say hi too.But Ron never did come by the infirmary, and every time Harry had gone to Gryffindor common room Ron would mysteriously vanish.
