"Get up!" There were sharp knocks on the door, "Get up, now." Ricky groaned and pushed himself up, squinting in the darkness he saw the lumps of his four friends bump around."I hate your mom." A blonde haired lump groaned, "Why is she always on school schedule?" dark, nearly black eyes glared through a sleeping bag at him."Just get up." Ricky yawned and sat up, he kicked the lump directly at the edge of his bed, a sharp feminine shriek came from under the blankets."Ricky!" messy black hair frizzed in the girls face as she sat up."Someone wake Cli up," Ricky stood and motioned to the last lump in the room. He scratched his hip as he stepped over his female friend."He's your brother, Neo." The girl snapped as she laid back down. Neo mocked her behind her back and yawned."Why are we getting up at the crack of dawn?" Neo asked, his black eyes squinting in the early morning darkness."World Cup," Ricky answered, "My Uncle Harry has a VIP box set up for us." he opened his door and stood back as his little brother tumbled in, "Spying on us?" he asked, bending down to take the extendable ears from his brother."N-No!" Mikey protested, he pulled at the extendable ears, "Mum wanted me to make sure you were awake!" Mikey noticed the girl by his brothers bed, "Mum said Allie was supposed to sleep with Victoire and Dominique." Ricky glanced back as his feminine friend."Ah, Allie's no girl," He grinned, Allie sat up, her blanket held up to her collar bone, "She's one of the boys." He ruffled Mikey's flaming red hair, "Just go tell mum we'll be down soon." With that he closed the door and set about getting dressed."Do you have to sleep in boxers?" Allie asked as she turned her eyes away from the boys getting dressed."Like what you see?" Neo grinned, his jeans undone and hanging off his hips."Not at all." Allie stuck her tongue out, pulling a face. She yawned and flopped back down on the carpeted floor. Ricky watched her as she ran a hand through her wavy black hair."Cli!" Neo was beating the other lump, Ricky turned his gaze back to his friends, "Get up, you bookworm lump!""Get off," Cli warned, "Or so help me I'm going to-""You're underaged," Allie cut him off, "You're not going to do anything," she stood up, the blanket falling around her ankles. The boys looked at her, "What?" she asked, Ricky opened his mouth to say that maybe she should have slept with the girls when she held up a hand, "Never mind, you're just going to mock how I wake up." Not at all what the three boys were going to do, but they just watched as she grabbed her backpack and pushed out the room."Did she look different to you two?" Ricky asked his friends."No." Neo threw a shirt on and shook out his blonde hair."She looked exactly the same as she did last night." Cli said, his electric blue eyes still hazed with sleep."Yeah," Ricky slipped his jacket on, "Of course." Once the three boys were dressed they met Allie coming out of the bathroom, and walked over to the table in the ever shrinking flat. "Where's mum?" Ricky asked as he sat down."She's just left to meet your Uncle Harry and Aunt Ginny at the campsite." and older George Weasley answered. Through the years his bright red hair had dimmed, but his joking hadn't. George loved to prank his children and any company that came to the flat above the store. "We'll be meeting Neville and Hannah in," George looked at the clock on the wall, "Half an hour, Ricky can you make sure your sister and cousins are up?" Ricky never understood why his parents had them check on each other. He could easily yell Minnie's name to see if she was up. He snatched a glass of pumpkin juice off the table and walked to his sisters door which was between his and Mikey's.He knocked, "Minnie? Vi? Dominique?" He waited and knocked again, "Are you up?" he asked."Oui," Victoire pulled open the door, her silvery-blonde hair was hanging like a curtain of silk down her back, she smiled at her cousin. "Good morning, Ricky." she hugged him before going to the table."Oui," Dominique mocked her older sister, "Hey Ricky." She let Ricky ruffle her bright red hair. Minnie was last out of the room, her platinum blonde hair braided down her back and her brown eyes half closed from lack of sleep. Ricky turned back to the table and watched as Neo nearly breathed out his juice as he watched Victoire take a seat gracefully between him and his twin. He snickered, Victoire was very aware of her ancestry, she liked to flaunt it unlike Dominique. However, sworn to secrecy, Victoire was dating Teddy Lupin. Ricky often questioned why he was sworn to secrecy by his cousin when the two didn't seem to keep their relationship secret?Ricky glanced at Allie, he knew his Slytherin friend disliked Victoire for her faulting her veela ancestry. At the moment, Allie was ignoring Victoire, which Ricky was thankful for, he didn't want another incident like on the Hogwarts express as the family came home for the summer break. Allie tucked her long hair behind her ear, she glanced up from her breakfast plate at him, her blue-green eyes looked at him questioningly. Ricky downed his juice and just smiled at her. Allie shook her head and went back to her breakfast.Half an hour later, George tried with all his might to get the kids together. Parading down Diagon Alley before the sun was even up, Ricky was thankful the Alley was nearly empty. Victoire walked upright behind George, one hand holding Minnie's hand, the other holding Mikey's. George was telling them how Bill and Louis were already at the camp along with the rest of the family. Ricky remembered the first time his friends had realized just how big his family was, they could hardly believe his mother was Phoenix Malfoy, but when he introduced them to his vast family, they could barely contain their shock."Bout time you lot showed up." Neville beamed from the Leaky Cauldron door, he let the troop walk in, "Hannah's got the Portkey set up just a block away." he explained."Would have been here sooner," George said with a yawn, "Just had a bit of a slow start.""Understandable." Neville smiled, "Hey kids." Ricky wanted to hide in Victoire's shoulder as Neville waved hello to them."Hello, Professor." They answered in unison.The years had been kind to Neville, even though during the summer months he was sporting a bit of a stubble, he hadn't changed much according to Ricky's mother. He was still a little goofy, but seemed to have much more confidence than how Neville portrayed himself in the stories he told his students.Ricky stood back by his friends as they waited for Hannah-Neville's wife-to come back saying if the coast was relatively clear. To be honest, Ricky occasionally sneaked out to the muggle world on the other side of the Leaky Cauldron. He never took his wand, he didn't play with his weather magic-if his parents even knew he had it Ricky thought they'd ground him for life-he would simply stroll up and down the block, looking at the muggles."Ricky?" He looked at Allie who was waiting by the door with Neville, the inn was empty, "You coming?" Allie asked tentatively."Yeah." Ricky hurried to the door and walked out with Allie as Neville closed the door behind him."What's traveling by Portkey like?" Ricky could hear his sister inquire to their father."Shh, no speaking like that out here." George whispered to her."Daddy, I'm tired." Mikey tugged at their fathers sweater, it was one of the few times Ricky had actually seen his father wear something other than his work suit."How much longer, Uncle George?" Dominique piped up."Not much." George said, "Hannah, you said it was just at the block?""Yes, see?" Hannah pointed to something Ricky couldn't see over the crowd of Weasley's. as the troop clambered to grab hold of the soggy packaging box, Ricky glanced around at those Muggles who were out at this time of morning."Ricky." George caught his attention. Ricky quickly grabbed the box, he was squished between Neo and Allie, it felt as though a hook had snagged him by his navel and yanked him towards the box only to push him backwards just as quickly. Suddenly he was face first in the sand, "You need to work on paying attention, son." George said, Ricky glared up through his sandy bangs as he took his fathers hand and stood up.Dominique was already helping Allie up, Ricky frowned and pulled Cli to his feet, "How'd you get stuck under Neo?""He landed like that on purpose." Cli glared at his brother who was already catching up to Victoire."Come on," Neville nodded over a sandbank. The troop struggled through the sand, but once they were over the bank they stopped in awe."That's a lot of people." Allie breathed. "A lot" was an understatement, there seemed to be thousands upon thousands of wizards gathered in the desert. Ricky struggled to keep with the group as they weaved through the crowd. Eventually, Ricky saw George pluck Mikey up and plop him on his shoulders.Ricky nearly ran into Neville as the group came to a stop, "What's going on?" he asked."Your dad is verifying that we belong here." Neville explained. Ricky raised an eyebrow, "We're going to be in the VIP area." Neville explained, suddenly the group was moving again."Mummy!" Mikey pointed ahead, Ricky tried to peek through the crowd at his mother. Hair braided and pinned to the base of her skull, Phoenix Weasley's only sign of age was a little extra weight on her frail body, and the laugh lines on her face she got from being married to a world renown prankster. Phoenix looked away from the conversation she and Ginny were having and smiled. Ricky saw George put Mikey down and was sure he and Minnie were running to their mother to explain their trip with the Portkey. As most of the group dispersed Ricky caught his parents snogging."Glad you made it in reasonable time." Phoenix grinned pulling down from her lanky, tall husband."Yeah well, your son," he emphasized, motioning to Ricky, "Wanted to sleep in.""Hey," he snapped as he passed them to follow his friends and cousins, "Minnie and the girls slept in more than I did." He left his parents to their business, pulling his younger siblings after him so they wouldn't bother them."This is so exciting!" Albus screamed excitedly over the roar of the crowd. He was sporting Brazilian green while his father, older brother, and little sister wore Bulgarian red."Oh!" Luna exclaimed, "Would anyone like a snack?" She asked. Ricky knew from experience not to accept a snack unless her husband, Rolf, took one as well."Look!" George pointed to the field, Ricky jumped to see what he was pointing at. Was he ever happy he did, stunning creatures he knew to be veela were dancing to haunting harp music. He knew he shouldn't have stared, Dominique and Allie hated them, but he couldn't see why. Suddenly, there was an elbow in his gut, Ricky came to as the veela stopped their dancing, he looked at his attacker. Allie had her arms crossed and was glaring down at the field, Ricky frowned."Dad! Dad! Look!" James pointed. Red-haired, backwards footed, Curupiras were climbing the stadium walls, none reached in to grab at the spectators but they did make great fun of them, "Will they come up here?" Ricky heard James ask."Of course they won't." Lucy said, Molly whacked the back of her head, "Hey!""Mikey, be careful." Ricky glanced down the row to see his mother pulling Mikey off the railings."I want to climb like that one day!" Mikey cheered up at her."Buenos Noches! And Good Evening!" A heavily accented Spanish voice boomed through the stadium, Ricky listened as everyone grew silent, "As president of the council of magic," the voice continued. Ricky pictured a big bellied man with a thick, bushy mustache, "I would like to welcome all to the 427th Quidditch World Cup!" There were a few solitary screams of excitement, one of them being from Neville. Ricky glanced down at the reporters enclosure, Rita Skeeter-someone he'd heard about from his parents complaints when reading the paper-sat rigidly staring up at their VIP box.Ricky frowned again, before he could lean around to ask his Uncle Percy why she was here, a whistle was blown and the match began. Neville gave out another loud cheer as the players rose into the air. Ricky watched as the Brazilian team held on tight to the Quaffle."No way Draganov and Vulchanov will let them get pass." Neo said to his brother, sporting red and black in support of Bulgaria."You have to admit Flores, Diaz and Alonso are trying their best to." Cli argued, dressed in green in support of Brazil."But they won't." Neo argued."Treat for you, dear?" Luna asked from behind him. Ricky leaned back, Rolf had a snack and had actually taken a bite out of it. Ricky smiled and took a snack with a nodded thanks, he leaned back forward to see a Bludger hit a Bulgarian in the throat. He heard most of the crowd groan in sympathy. In the moment of intense pain for the Bulgarians, their player dropped the Quaffle which was now in Brazilian possession.Ricky couldn't remember half of the people playing, his own favorite team wasn't even in the running this tournament. George and Ricky had sulked for a few days when they learned Ireland had been bested by Haiti in the qualifying stages.Brazil was the first to score thirty-seven minutes into the game, "Whoa! Whoa!" Ricky leaned over and caught Albus who was cheering so enthusiastically for Brazil that he nearly toppled out of the VIP box, "Settle down there, champ." He set his younger cousin on his feet. Albus just grinned and took a snack as Luna passed him.The Bulgarian Beaters kept intercepting the Brazilian Chasers as they tried to get in formation, "Relying too much on defense." Cli taunted."I'm going to chuck you onto the field." Neo growled.Ricky looked around the stadium for the snitch, he could see Harry doing the same a few seats down. However, no such luck, he couldn't see a thing in the sky. He watched the Seekers fly around contently at the rim of the stadium, scanning for the snitch.Nearly an hour into the game, Bulgaria scored a goal and caught up with Brazil, but thirty minutes later the Brazilian Chasers seemed to explode with determination and scored three more times."Forty to ten." Cli reminded his brother."Ricky, tell me if your Uncle is looking away," Neo growled, "I don't want to be sent to Azkaban for "accidentally" shoving my brother to the pitch below.Twenty minutes later, the score was fifty to twenty, Allie was yawning at the lack of seeing the snitch. Which when she complained, made Cli and Neo burst into the history of longest Quidditch tournaments due to the snitch not showing up."Look!" George pointed out the seekers to Minnie and Mikey, Viktor Krum-the only player Ricky really knew because of his Uncle-and the Brazil Seeker were suddenly at a breakneck race around the stadium.Two hours into the game and Ricky winced and called foul as a Brazil Beater hit Krum over the head, the game was paused to asses if it was foul play. "He clearly did it!" Neo yelled along with other Bulgarian supporters, "Give them a penalty throw!" But the ref signaled it was not a foul, and Krum gave a thumbs up as the game resumed.A mere thirty minutes later and both seekers were once again in a breakneck race, flying up at a near vertical angle. Ricky gripped the railing and craned his neck to watch as they disappeared into the Argentinean sun. Suddenly one broke from the blazing light holding up the snitch."It's Krum!" An announcer voice boomed through the stadium, "Viktor Krum's got the snitch! It's over! Bulgaria has won!"Welcome to the "Phoenix Malfoy" sequel! If you haven't read "Phoenix Malfoy" I suggest you do to get caught up, (you may have to grit your teeth to get through years 1-3 but after that it's worth it I promise)This chapter is set before 19 years later at the 2014 Quidditch World Cup which happened just last month, next chapter will be 19 years later, and then we'll get started.Disclaimer from the first fic still stands: I only own my OC's.
