Bad Dreams and Happy Birthday'sLily sat on the porch of their house in Godric's Hollow. A strong breeze picked up and made her waist length red hair go crazy. As she tried to capture it all in her hand, a hoot to her left caught her attention. A tawny brown owl was standing with his right leg up and attached to it was a red letter. This struck Lily as odd; first, it was red and letters for new Hogwarts students weren't supposed to be red. Second, it was shaking uncontrollably. When she went to reach for it however, the letter exploded! She leapt back and knocked into a chair. "Lily Luna Potter will not be attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. She will not be able to go to Diagon Alley and she will most certainly not get on the Hogwarts Express!" said the letter in the voice of Professor Longbottom.Once the letter sizzled out, it ripped itself into shreds a burst into flames. Lily's whimper was barely audible but her mother heard it anyway. As Ginny came out on the porch she saw the smoldering embers of the Howler. With a stern look on her face, Ginny sent Lily up to her room for trying to set the on fire. Lily's protests were ignored until her father, Harry Potter, came out. He was maybe a foot taller than his wife. When he was caught up on Lily's bizarre story he sent her away to her room. Not wanting her father anymore mad at her, Lily sulked up the stairs, trying not to cry.In her room, Lily felt an icy atmosphere. Looking up, she saw an old man with platinum blonde hair and grey blue eyes, Lucius Malfoy. Beside him was another man. The man was tall, taller than any male in Lily's family. Currently, his head was bald and there was no nose upon his face, Tom Riddle, or was worldly known, Lord Voldemort. Both of the men were in long black robes touching the floor. Behind the two evil men were what Lily known to be Dementors. Wherever Dementors went, they always left the people and places feeling depressed and cold. Like all the happiness was gone from your life. Lily backed out of her room but to her horror, she was herded back in by her two brothers: James Sirius Potter and Albus Severus Potter.James was the oldest child of Harry and Ginny Potter, if you weren't including Teddy. James hair was black just like his father's but had his mother's eyes that Lily also inherited. He would be going into his fourth year. Albus, the middle child, also had black hair. Although, his eyes were emerald green just like Harry's. He's going into his second year at Hogwarts. Lily was halfway pleading to her brothers, when she realized that her voice wasn't working. What's happening? she thought. In desperation to get away, Lily walked up to James and kicked him where she knew it would hurt. At that moment, everything started to collapse, the walls, the bed, the floor and the ceiling. Just when she thought the pressure would crush her, Lily woke up.Relief flooded her when she heard Albus laughing. Lily threw the covers off of her and noticed James was on her. He didn't look happy but he didn't look angry either, "Get off me James." growled Lily. She didn't like being woken up, even if she was having a horrible dream like she did. His brown eyes were watery and Lily thought he was crying until Albus' laughter filled her ears again, "What's wrong with James Al?""Well we came up to wake you and James was gonna wake you by jumping on your bed. Once he got up there though, your leg came up and connected with boy parts" explained Albus and then doubled over in a fit of laughter. Lily groaned then rolled off her bed and escaped the crushing matter of her oldest brother. Slipping on her slippers, Lily opened her door but James stopped her. She winced under his gaze that was full of pain."Happy Birthday Lils." said James then went back to render in his pain. Remembering that today was her birthday, Lily bounded down the steps to the kitchen. There, Lily hugged both her parents then went over to Teddy. Teddy was in Paris France on honeymoon with Victoire, the oldest Weasley offspring. She was greeted with Happy Birthdays and hugs. Instead of taking her usual seat between her parents, Lily sat beside Teddy. She didn't know how much time they'd have together considering Victoire came back with a bun in the oven. Lily giggled at this thought and her mother's voice brought Lily out of her thoughts."Where is James and Albus?" asked Ginny while she poured herself a cup of coffee. At this Lily giggled more and everybody else began to laugh too. Lily was always told that her laugh was infectious."I think he'll be awhile. James is in a predicament." Lily giggled out. Everyone nodded and went back to their breakfast. Moments later, James and Albus appeared with a huge box wrapped in purple parchment. They handed it to Lily, who tore into the box. Under the wrappings was a big box with holes punctured in it. James motioned for Lily to open the box and she was met with another box. This one however, was smaller but still had holes. Lily carefully lifted the box out and the right side was heavier than the left side. Having high hopes of what was in the box, Lily unconsciously held her breath when she began to open the box. The room was met with a high pitched squeal and all the occupants covered their ears. Inside the box was a small kitten with Weasley worthy hair.No one in the kitchen heard the knock on the door. However, they did hear the door smash against the ide of the house. At once the screaming stopped and Harry and Teddy had their wands at the ready. Harry went down the hallway while Teddy went through the living room to the foyer. In a few moments time, Ginny and her kids heard hysterical laughter. There was a loud mumble of words and a sound that wood was repairing itself, then light foot steps. A head of bushy red hair came around the corner with a bag, "Hugo?" said James confused. Hugo nodded and tossed Lily the present while James went to investigate what just happened. Lily was in the middle of taking Hugo's present out when Harry and Teddy returned with a very amused Ron and an agitated Hermione, behind them was Rose."We heard screaming so this one here takes out his wand and blasts the door." said Hermione giving Ginny a hug, "Don't worry though, I've repaired it." after hugging Albus, Hermione moved to Lily, "Happy Birthday sweetheart.""Look! I finally got a kitty and I'm going to name him Fred." said Lily, petting her cat with the red hair. Hermione rubbed Lily's head affectionately unlike how she rubs Albus' head in a way that he needs help. Ron also gave Lily a hug and petted Fred."He does look like he belongs with the Weasley clan don't he?" said Ron before he got up to give his sister a hug and then shoved a piece of toast in his mouth. Rose, with her light red hair, forgot to acknowledge Lily. Although it was Lily's birthday, Lily didn't care much about her cousin not giving her a hug. They never saw eye to eye on anything.As the adults got ready for the party, Lily took Fred up stairs for him to roam around her room. Seeing he was just a kitten and wasn't use to his new house yet anyways; they had to take baby steps. Just as Lily was about to take a shower, she heard her mother call her down. Lily groaned inwardly and threw a long tee shirt over her body. She didn't have anything yet so it wouldn't matter her brothers or Hugo were down there anyways. Lily went bounding down the steps, only to stop when two pairs of grey blue eyes fell upon her. That was the reason why she stopped, not because she was only wearing a tee shirt that barely went to her knees. Lily stood transfixed as a deer would stay in front of a car and stare into the headlights. In this case though, Lily wasn't in front of a vehicle, she was in front of Draco and Scorpius Malfoy and the headlights were their eyes.A faint gurgling noise erupted from Lily's throat. This always happened whenever she felt awkward or nervous. Thankfully, her mother stepped towards Lily and she recovered quickly from her nerves. Then Harry came in and began talking animatedly to the older Malfoy, but Lily could still feel the gaze from Scorpius bore into her back. Ginny handed her daughter a thick but small envelope. On the front was a tiny scrawl addressed to Lily and she was about to throw her hands around her mother but thought better of it. Lily mumbled her thanks and slowly stalked up the stairs, excitement trying to burst out. Once Lily was in her room though, she let all the ecstatic joy out, causing Fred to duck under her bed. Oblivious to her cat's horrified manner, Lily scooped him up and danced around her bedroom with Fred in the air.
