A very Potter lifeCHAPTER ONE: THE WEDDINGGinny peeked out of the burrow door to see her brothers and parents setting up outside. To her the decorations seemed even better than they were for Bill and Fleur, but of course, that could just be because tomorrow it would be her getting married. Luna and her mother had insisted Ginny and Harry didn't help set up, so the day seemed more magical. She turned around and headed up the stairs. She stopped when she reached her old room, which was where she would be getting ready the next morning. She spotted her dress in the corner. She was about to try it on, just to make sure it still fit, but heard a knock on the door.She peeked out the door to make sure it wasnt Harry. "Oh, hello Luna" she said with a sigh of relief. "I thought you were Harry!""Thats peculiar, I don't think I look anything like him. He was about to come up here though. Hermione and Ron just got here." Ginny giggled and walked out of the room, locking and closing the door behind her.As soon as she reached the bottom of the stairs she ran towards Hermione and hugged her. "Its been ages sence I last saw you two!" Ginny yelled. She hadn't been able to see Hermione or Ron much because of wedding preparations."Ready to go Harry?" Ron asked. All the guys were meeting at the leaky cauldron for Harry's bachelor party, and the girls going to Hogsmeade for Ginny's bachelorette party."Yeah, let's go Ginny, we have to pick everyone up" Luna said. They walked over to Ginny's car, the family's old blue ford Angelina, Which not only flew, but also now had the same effect as the tent, and could seat 10 people.Ginny began to climb into the driver's seat but Hermione pulled her back out. "Ive rented a limo" she explained, and sure enough two long cars pulled up, a white one for Ginny and a black one for Harry. They waved goodbye to each other and climbed into the cars. Ginny was surprised to see all of her friends already sitting there. Hanna Longbottom, Cho Chang, and some of the girls from work were sitting next to each other, all squealing when Ginny sat down. Hanna and Cho began sharing stories of their lives, seeing how the last time they had seen each other was Hanna and Neville's wedding 11 months ago."Well, Ginny, I wont be drinking tonight. I'm pregnant!" Hanna squealed."And I'm getting married!" Cho said, showing off a diamond ring. "A muggle man!" They quickly arrived at Hogsmeade and headed into a new bar, the tipsy dragon. The girls drank so much, they were pretty sure Hanna would be the only one remembering how they got home.Sure enough, that was the case. Ginny woke up on her mothers sofa the next morning. She opened her eyes to see Hermione shaking her. "Hair and makeup time Ginny. Go get dressed. She changed into yoga pants and a t-shirt and headed outside where Hermione was waiting." You have to apparate. Wendi's witches salon and boutique is where you are going." Ginny focused and when she opened her eyes she found herself in the same store she got her dress. She walked up to the counter, checked in, and was lead to a chair in the back room."Hi, I am Star and I will be doing your hair and make-up. Your planner has already told me what you were thinking." Luna must have come before the party, Ginny thought. She sat still and made small talk until Star was done."You look amazing darling" Star whispered. Ginny stood up and walked to the mirror. Her hair was in a bun, with a braid wrapped around it, and her make-up looked the best it ever had."Thank you!" Ginny exclaimed.Star smiled. "No problem. Your friend is parked out the back, if you want to go out that way. Ginny went out the door to see Hermione waiting in the driver's seat of her own car. Her hair was straightened and she had also had her make-up done."You look amazing!" Ginny told her."Thanks, you do too." Ginny responded. The girls rode home in silence. Auntie Muriel was standing right outside when Ginny got out of the car."Hello dear. Your hairdresser could have done better. Did you forget to tell her about the tiara?" Ginny flinched. She thought her hair was just fine."No auntie Muriel. The tiara will still fit just fine. I'm going to get ready now." She ran up the stairs to her room and put on her dress. It was a sleeveless mermaid dress with a gold sash. She then heard knocking on the door. "Who is it?" she asked."It's just me. Can I come in?" she heard Luna ask."Yeah. I need some help getting the dress laced up anyways." Ginny had chosen Luna as her maid of honor. It was a tough choice between her and Hermione, But in the end Luna had won. "You look fabulous!" Ginny told her, and she meant it. She was worried about what Luna would do to her long gold dress in the two weeks she had it, and was happy to see she had just added some red roses to the sash."You too" Luna said happily. "I'm so excited for you! I can't believe it will be me this winter!" Luna's long-term boyfriend, Rolf Scamander had just proposed and they had immediately decided they would get married that winter.After Luna laced up Ginny's dress the girls heard another knock on the door. Luna popped her head out the door and welcomed the guests in. All of her brothers, their wives, and her parents filled the room. "You ready Gin?" asked George."As ready as I'll ever be" She responded. "Oh, wait I have to put on Auntie Muriel's tiara" she slid it on and grabbed her father's hand. "Lets go daddy"...Ginny watched as her bridesmaids walked down the aisle with Harry's groomsmen, and then little Teddy walking down carrying the rings. Finally she saw Luna walking down with Ron. When they reached the front everyone stood and turned around. Arthur led her out and she immediately looked to Harry. His expression was priceless. She slowly walked down the aisle. It seemed like it took a lifetime to reach her groom. When she reached the front she realized there was a whole row of seats sitting empty and an owl perch next to them. She wondered why Luna would do that, but quickly turned her mind back to Harry. The couple had written their own vows, and Ginny was going first."Harry," she began. "I knew I loved you since fourth year, and the years we couldn't be together were the worst years of my life. I hope this means you never have to leave me again, and I never have to leave you. I love you"Harry began his vows, which were mostly the same as Ginny's. Ginny loved that about him. It was like they shared a brain.After Harry's vows Kingsley began to talk. "Harry James Potter, do you take Ginevra Molly Weasley to be your lawfully wedded wife?""I do" Harry said. Ginny slid the ring over his ring."Ginevra Molly Weasley, do you take Harry James Potter as your lawfully wedded husband?""I do" she said. Harry slid the ring over her finger."With the power invested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife!" Kingsley said, smiling. "Harry, you may kiss your bride!" They kissed quickly and then watched as the bridal party walked back down the aisle and then they grabbed each others hand and walked towards the tent, for a long night of partying.A/N: Hope you liked it! Sorry if it sucked, it's my first story. Please review!
