James was very nervous, He didn't know what to think or do. Sirius was his bestfriend, the person he went to for advice, to tell good news to or to plan out his "lilly and me get togethers". He wasn't the type of person that would ask for help or tell you when something was wrong. He'd just keep it all in and when it finally got too much for him he'd lash out in a bad mood for a couple of days. He wouldn't sit and talk about his problems which was mostly about his awful parents. James knew they treated hI'm badly , after any holiday when he came back to school he would have the signs, the black eyes, large scars and he would be in a sluky "don't want to talk about it" mood for about a week. It had been getting worse over the years. So much so that he would go home to the Black residence for a week and then spend the rest of the holidays with James and his parents at the Potter mansion. James parents were completely different from the Blacks. They had James later in life so they felt blessed to have a son, and they treated Sirius as a son. They made sure Sirius had everything he ever wanted, while his own parents treated him with as much respect as a price of dirt on the carpet, hide him away from guests, beat and batter him and insult him as often as they could saying he was a disappointment to the Black family. That he didn't deserve their attention, that he might as well be a filthy mudblood or a holliday James tried to convince Sirius not to go back, just go straight to his home and not to go back to that horrible place, but every time Sirius would say " I have to, they just want me to never come back, and anyway they need to disown me before I can leave for ever." This summer was no different, James had begged and begged to Sirius but he didn't listen. The holidays were now three weeks in and none of the marouders had heard any word from Sirius, James had owled Mooney asking hI'm what did he think they should do and he just didn't know. James had spoken to his father about the situation andhe informed him that the Blacks household was deep in with the ministry so he couldn't do anything. So that night like every other James wen th to bed thinking about what to do, until the house elf informed him that a mister Sirius Black had arrived in a very bad state. James thanked the elf and rushed down the stairs taking two at a time.Sirius was kneeling at the front door , not beening able to stand, his normally shinny black hair plastered to his head. A deep cut at the start of his forehead went doan to the bridge of his nose, which was pointing very much to the left suggesting that it was looked like he hadn't washed in weeks and the smell of vomit and blood hung to him, his clothes ripped and covered in dirt and blood. The deep purple bags lay under his eyes, one of which was swollen shut. When James saw Sirius he just stopped and stared at his bestfriend, anger running through his veins, thoughts about Sirius parents and what they did to their eldest son race around his brain. He then ran to him half dragging, half carrying him into the house, slamming the door in anger. Calling for his mother, He was never happier that she was a healer. "Mum! mum! come quickly! It's Sirius! he's really hurt! come quickly!" He heard the footsteps of his mother and felt reassured, She could fix him, she's fixed worse. He was going to be okay, he was going to be fine. He heard his mother swearing before he seen her. "Oh my! Merlin and godrics underwear! James go get your father immediately. He's in his study. Broken nose, many some internal bleeding..." He heard her giving her verdict and muttering healing spells under her breath. Taking two steps at a time he went to the third floor to his father's study, not knocking he bardged in, seeming his father in the fire. "Ehh sorry to intrude but Sirius has arrived and he's in a bit of a state and man told me to go get you and he's really bad and..." James sputtered out in a wash of tears. "James calm down, Sirius will be fine, your mother will look after him he will be as bright as a patrones in a moment. Now I have to go to her but please go to bed. you will see him in the morning." James tried to argue to his father but he gave him a " not now James just do as I say" look. With that his father left the room and rushed down the stairs to his wife and second son.James trudged down to his room, and sat down at his desk. He thought that Remus and Peter would like to know that Sirius had came home and what state he was in, but every time he tried to right the tears started to come. He sat at his desk trying and trying to right, eventually he wroteMooneypadfoot is back, very bad state. Mum treating him. talk soon after moon.prongs.He wrote then to Peter, the exact same, he knew it was very vague but it was all he could do right now, He heard his mother talking to his father in the landing speaking softly about how they were going to get Sirius up the stairs, they eventually agreed on levitation. He heard the swish and flick on his parents two wonds and their footsteps going into the room across from his, Sirius`s room. The door closed and his father's went up to their room but his mother came into his room. "mum is he..?" not finishing the sentence Mrs potter understood his sons question. "He will be back to normal in the morning, just a bit underfed but you won't notice anything else. now James get to bed and get a good night sleep and go see him in the morning, Did u owl Remus and Peter?" James just nodded. "Okay now go to sleep, love you." with that she left the room closing the door and switching off the light on her way. James just got into his bed and closed his eyes drifting off into a dreamless sleep.
