1st Year"Malfoy, Scorpius!" Professor Belich called as I took a breath and stepped up to the stool. I sat down and the fat, ugly professor had barely touched the Sorting Hat on my head when it screamed (to no one's surprise), "SLYTHERIN!"The table that already contained Goyle and other family friends, roared with approval. I made my way down to the Slytherin table and took a seat next to a prefect named John who shot me a thumbs up.A few moments later, I heard, "Potter, Albus!" and turned my head. Sitting on the stool was my dad's worst enemy's son, Albus Potter. I felt my nose wrinkle in disgust. He whispered something to the hat and it nodded and then shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!" The Gryffindor hooted and stomped their feet happily.I watched the others as my eyes glazed over with boredom until the most beautiful girl I've ever seen nervously took a breath in before Professor Belich called her name. She had flowing red hair and blue eyes, a rose behind her ear. Pale skin made her fiery hair and bright, innocent eyes stand out. She crossed the floor, looking like she was floating slightly. She took a seat on the chair nervously as the hat was placed upon her hair. I could feel practically every first year staring at her. I hoped she would be in Slytherin before I realized she was a "Weasley, Rose!"My eyes narrowed to slits. A Weasley, the second worst thing from a Potter."Alright everybody, today we will be learning how to make potion on page 247, an antidote to minor snake poisoning," Professor Leatherby instructed as everyone flipped to page 247 in their notebook.Easy enough, I thought smugly as I started dropping ingredients into the water, slowly following the instructions. There was a loud explosion behind me and I jumped and turned on my heel to see Rose Weasley staring at her cauldron, a bemused expression on her face."Everyone, look at Weasley's potion!" I sniggered and the rest of the Slytherins followed suit."It was her first time!" Potter said defensively. He moved to comfort the embarrassed Weasley."Stay out of it, Potty," I sneered.Albus glared at me so hard, if looks could kill, I'd be dead in a second.Professor Leatherby cleared his throat. "Everyone back to work, now."We all turned back to our potions even though there was nothing for me to do anymore. I drummed my fingers against the rim of the cauldron and turned around to face Weasley."It's not that, you moron!" I said, grabbing her hand just as she was about to put in unicorn horn shavings. I grabbed her bottle of snake poison and gleefully dumped the whole thing in, laughing.She pushed me away, but it was too late. Her potion simmered over and spilled onto the floor, burning into it. I had turned her "potion" into acid. I cackled and Professor Leatherby stood up. "I'm sorry, Ms. Weasley," he said as used a vanishing spell to make her excuse for a potion disappear, "but that's a zero for you and, I'm sorry, five points from Gryffindor."Rose stared at him, slightly shocked and then turned her gaze on me, shock turning to hatred and anger. I flashed her a smug, crooked smile and turned around.After turning in a sample of our potions and we walked out for our first broom riding lessons. Of course, I already knew how to ride one. My dad had taught me how to ride before I knew how to walk.Before Professor Belich could instruct us what to do, I had already mounted my broom and was in the sky. Professor Belich shaded his eyes and narrowed them at me. "Get down from there, Malfoy!""Why, Professor? I know how to ride, what's the point in learning?"The professor glared and then sighed. "Fine, 10 points from Slytherin."I blinked. Whoa, she let me off that easily?He turned back to the rest of the glass, ignoring me. I grinned, Who cares about points? I thought as I zoomed around Hogwarts.I heard someone cry out, "Hey! Loser!" behind me and I whirled around to see Weasel glaring angrily at me.She lobbed an apple in my direction and it hit my forehead. I refused to show any signs of pain."What do you want? Haven't you been humiliated enough?" I laughed as her face turned the color of her flaming hair. She glared at me and opened her mouth to shout something at me, but the bell rang and we had to go in.Ugh, that was short. Whatever, the later years are a lot longer, I promise :) Have a nice day and I'll update this danged thing soon enough! :) For now, whoever you are reading this, you're awesome! Review please! :) Thank youuuuu!
