Disclaimer; I do not own HP, so anything you see and recognise is intelectual property of Mrs. JKR. Also most of the info about Durmstrang are from an RP forum (Magical Hogwarts). A/N; I'm one of the few people - at least I think we are a few- who did not like HBP and consequently wasn't a big fan of DH. So in this fic I will just try to make the story more bearable for myself and I hope you'll like it as well. There won't be many changes nor serious ones. Honestly I just want to see Harry falling in love and not be shoved into it...Ahem, I'm getting off track. This fic features an original character and it will be a slash fic. Also, I know that being a werewolf is not a heriditary thing in the HP universe, but for this story to work it has to be. I don't think you'll like it if you are a fan of H/G or R/Hr, but you are still welcome to read and tell me your opinion. This is my first story and English is not my native language, so I'm a bit nervous...I'm sorry in advance if anyone is too ooc...And now I'm gonna stop rambling.It had only been a couple of days since the classes had picked up, when Dumbledore called two of his most trusted professors into his office. The Ministry had decided the school year would start as per usual on September 1st, as postponing the date would do little into further securing the students' safety."I don't really understand what we are doing here," Professor McGonagall said, sitting on a leather chair across from Dumbledore. The Headmaster looked at her over his half-glasses."I received a letter today," Dumbledore started, picking up a light beige envelope up with his left hand, the right one resting on top of his desk. Minerva noticed not for the first time, that the sleeve had been stretched enough to cover his fingertips."And?" she pressured knowing they didn't have much time; breakfast was nearing to an end and soon the first classes of the day would commence."It's about a student transfer and I believe, Severus, you know the boy's father," Dumbledore said, his eyes turning to the third person inside the room, who up until that point had remained silent. The man leaned slightly forward in his seat, his dark eyes following the letter, as Dumbledore let on the desk once more."I have many acquaintances," Snape said carefully. Dumbledore nodded."That you have," he said "This one in particular, is an old friend," Snape looked at him questioningly, but didn't say anything."The semester has already started, Albus," McGonagall cut in "Do you think it's a sound idea to allow this transfer?""It's a necessity, my dear professor, I'm afraid we don't have much of a choice," he said, offering her a gentle, yet rueful smile. If Minerva had to be honest with herself, and she always chose to be, his words had unsettled her "We all know about Igor Karkarov's death," Dumbledore continued, his gaze flickering to Snape "The Death Mark was covering every inch of the small cabin his body was found in. It is understandable, after the demise of the Headmaster, that the parents wouldn't be as willing to send their children back.""It's a transfer from Durmstrang?" Snape questioned and Minerva felt the knot which had appeared minutes ago in her stomach, tighten."The boy's father fears that his son will not be safe, if he stays in Durmstrang. He knows that a transfer after the school year has already started, is uncommon, but he has requested that we understand the grave danger the boy might be facing," Dumbledore said and his voice was still calm, but had gained a seriousness that it lacked before."Why is he in such immediate danger?" Minerva asked, noting the pointed look Dumbledore sent to her colleague. Silence followed her question, during which the middle-aged woman felt the tension inside the room doubling. The knot in her stomach became a little tighter, before the man next to her let an inaudible sigh."Because the Dark Lord will do anything to gain as much power as he can, before he attacks," Snape said "Consequently one of his top targets must be the next-in-line Alpha of the strongest pack in South Eastern Europe.""A werewolf?" Minerva asked, her eyebrows almost reaching her hairline "You can't be serious, Albus.""I assure you, he is no more dangerous than Remus had been," Dumbledore said, pinning in her eyes. Minerva didn't miss the sarcastic scoff that left Snape's mouth, but didn't comment on it; greater things were at stake here."But allowing a werewolf in the castle, Albus, is still not a wise choice. Especially with the way all the children have started reacting to the Prophet's vivid depictions of massacres. The castle could potentially be more harmful for him," she said, trying to reason with him. Minerva had the suspicion that Dumbledore had already decided on the course of action he was going to follow, but still it wouldn't hurt to point out how flawed his plan was."That is a chance we must take," Dumbledore said simply."You are not thinking clearly," Minerva said, trying to make her tone as less accusatory as she could, but not succeeding. She was not comfortable with the idea of such a high esteemed target wandering around her school and she could not understand how Dumbledore was going to permit it."On the contrary, my dear, for the first time in a long while, I think I am," Dumbledore said, a sad smile playing at his lips "I also think that Harry should make a try to get to know him.""You'll try to convert the boy?" Snape asked surprised and it was one of the few times Minerva had heard him expressing any kind of emotion other than anger and complete detest."As of the moment the Belisarius pack is neutral," Dumbledore spoke "They abstained in the last war, but this time Voldemort is not going to be as lenient; he's rounding all the magical communities and is willing to take the war out of Britain and into continental Europe.""So you will try to convert him," Snape stated stiffly."I'm only offering him a choice. Alexander is still in charge of his pack-""Alexander is getting old," Snape cut him off "By the time Stephan is finished with his education he'll be of age to take over-""And Voldemort knows that," Dumbledore interrupted him. Snape didn't say anything, but Minerva could practically feel his objection oozing out of him."You think it's fair to burden Harry with such a responsibility?" she questioned and finally Dumbledore dragged his eyes away from Severus to look at her. To her surprise he gave her a genuine smile."I'm only suggesting he makes a new friend," he said simply "But I think I've wasted too much of your time already, Minerva," he took a look at his wristwatch "You should better be going, if you don't want to be late." Professor McGonagall frowned."You are dismissing me?" she questioned, standing up "Very well. I hope you won't come to regret this, Dumbledore," she said looking, sternly at him "Along with some other of your choices," she added, glimpsing at the back of Snape's head, and then swiftly walking out of the office."I think you two are making quite some progress," Dumbledore said and Snape smirked sarcastically."I might just be her favourite person in the Order," he drawled, relaxing his posture ever so slightly. Dumbledore studied his face for a second."You agree with her," he said finally."Stephan is in danger, I'm the one who contacted Alexander about that," Snape said his long fingers lying twined on top of his knees "But I don't know how much safer he'll be here.""His father feels we can protect him," Snape took a moment before responding."Alexander has always been overconfident in your strength and in mine," he said, his tone indicating that he didn't particularly share the feeling "But we both know what is going to happen at the end of the school year-""But that's too far away," Dumbledore cut him off. Snape opened his mouth to say something, he regretted it though so he stayed silent "There is one other thing Stephan could be of help with.""And I was wondering when you'd bring Draco in this," Snape said and the older man smoothed the cloth over his right hand."Draco has taken on a mission he won't be able to complete. I'm not supposed to know about it and I can't help him, if he doesn't come to me for help, not if I want to protect your position in Voldemort's ranks.""Alexander is firm on his stance to remain impartial. What makes you think Stephan has a different opinion on the matter?""Young people usually do, if only because they can," Dumbledore said in a way that made his eyes twinkle "They have been friends for a long while, correct?" Snape nodded "Maybe Stephan could aid his friend into following the right path.""You mean the path you want him to follow," Snape corrected."Same difference, Severus. I think they could mutually help each other and learn how to trust in themselves. That's the best lesson we can teach them.""This is a travesty," the boy snarled, stopping in his tracks "I will not be happy about this.""Trust me, Stephan," Snape said, turning slowly to look at his companion "Your happiness is not that high in our list of priorities. Your safety on the other hand is." Stephan felt like huffing in righteous indignation, but refrained. As if any of them really cared about his wellbeing. He lifted his chin, adopting one of his father's famous leers."I won't be turned into a mindless pawn to fit in your game of powers," he said, squaring his shoulders a little to stand in his full height."Good for you," Snape sneered "Now, if I'm not mistaken, you must be exhausted." At the older man's words Stephan felt a yawn built up in his chest. He quickly swallowed it down, sniffing loudly; he'd be damned before he let Severus Snape know he was right "The sooner we get to the headmaster's office the sooner we can both go to our respective beds. So follow me."Stephan didn't really have much of a choice. He watched as the old git walked ahead, the only source of light clasped tightly into his hand. The air howled outside, and something in the distance rattled loud enough to reach Stephan's ear. Fury and exhaustion battled inside him, as he stayed rooted to his spot.This was a travesty. What right had his father to take him out of his school and shove him in this hell hole? He'd heard about the Basilisk living within the walls, and he'd read in the newspaper how three short years ago the place was swimming with Dementors, for the students safety of course! And then the Triwizard Tournament had taken place in Hogwarts and one of Voldemort's most notorious Death Eaters had managed to infiltrate the school's staff. Safest place in the world, my ass, Stephan thought bitterly.The faint light from Snape's want vanished, when the man took a left turn and Stephan was left in the darkness. He was still dressed in his Durmstrang uniform; the dark clothes helping him blend in with the shadows. And that was really all Stephan wanted, to stay in the shadows. But coming here to continue his schooling? Yeah, it was like announcing to the whole world where his allegiances lied.Stephan heaved a sigh, his head falling back between his shoulder blades. He really felt utterly shattered; his day had been a complete nightmare. He brought a hand up to massage his temples and accepting his defeat, he slowly started down the hallway Snape had taken. It didn't take him long to find the professor and Stephan had the nagging suspicion the old bat had stopped and waited for him. Well, was he expecting a thank you in return? Stephan wasn't going to give one.Stephan didn't know how long they'd been walking when they finally stopped in front of two gargoyles, snoring merrily. They'd gone up an ungodly number of stairs, passed through tapestries that concealed hidden doors and encountered a swarm of ghosts having a heated debate about something called 'Peeves'. Stephan's legs were about to give up on him, so he leaned against a wall, paying little to no attention as Snape and the gargoyles engaged into a brief match of wits.After the door was opened Snape walked in without as much as a second glance to Stephan, who had almost fallen asleep. The boy jerked from his stupor at the sound of rock sliding against rock. He barely managed to get in, as the staircase started its ascendance, silently thanking his quick reflexes. The spiralling motion made his head swim with vertigo, so Stephan braced himself against one of the side walls."Thank Merlin," he breathed in relief a minute later. He was half certain he heard the older wizard scoff under his breath, but he was more preoccupied with steadying himself on his legs."Feeling alright there, Stephan?" Snape asked tauntingly, but Stephan couldn't even bring himself to glare at him. He was too tired.Squaring his shoulders and lifting his chin, the boy walked past the professor. Without bothering to knock he threw the door open, waltzing in and promptly throwing himself rather unceremoniously on one of the leather armchairs. If he hadn't been as sleepy as he was, he would've probably been intrigued by all the knick-knacks lying about, but in his current state all that mattered was how soft the chair felt beneath him."Sorry for the barbarian's invasion, sir," Stephan heard Snape's voice from somewhere to his left, but didn't turn to look at him "I was hoping his father had enlisted some kind of manners to him, but I was mistaken." Stephan felt the ire bubble hotly in his gut, but opening his mouth required too much energy. So instead he slouched further in his eyes, his eyes barely kept open."It's alright, Severus," Dumbledore said, turning his gaze to Stephan "Stephan has had a long travel , I would've been tired in his place too.""Thanks for the understanding," Stephan said his tone biting. The sting on the back of his head registered a second after he heard the sound of Snape's hand colliding to the back of his head "Manhandling the students, I see," he growled feeling his anger spiking "Now that's definitely something we don't 't do in Durmstrang."Stephan's hands curled into fists. The nerve of that foul, creepy oaf! How did his father expect him to withstand this kind of behaviour? No, there was no way Stephan was going to put up with this. He felt something trickle down his arm and he lowered his gaze to inspect what was going on. His stomach clenched when he saw his nails dug into the skin of his palm. Stephan shut his eyes, concentrating on his breathing."I understand that this is going to be a difficult transition for you," Dumbledore's voice sounded like it was coming from underwater, as Stephan's heartbeats resounded in his ears "Your father did what he thought was best for you, and I can assure you that you are no less safe or accepted in Hogwarts than you were in Durmstrang."Stephan felt the claws retracting and a relieved sigh escaped his lips. He didn't dare open his eyes yet. Losing control was something that unfortunately he was quiet familiar with, but this was the first time he'd managed to calm himself down on his own. He flexed his fingers, the blood already drying on his skin."My father," Stephan started the resentment evident in his voice "Is a fool.""Your father is concerned about you," Dumbledore countered and Stephan's eyes flew open."And he thought the best way to quench his worry was by sacrificing our neutrality? My neutrality?" He demanded his thick accent distorting his words "I'm sorry, Professor, but I think after my father's oh so wise decision, I'm a dead man walking!" Stephan was yelling now, his back rigid as he sat at the edge of his armchair."The Dark Lord wouldn't allow you to remain neutra for long," Snape said and Stephan jumped up."Yes, but then going with him or not would've been my choice!" He growled "He robbed that choice away from me and now I can do nothing about it!" his chest was moving erratically, and Stephan gripped tightly the back of his chair, long, black claws scratching the fine leather "Nothing but wait for the inevitable," he whispered, the fight going out of him.He was doomed. Maybe he hadn't been exactly safe in Durmstrang, but at least there he could pretend he was flying under the radar. There he could fool himself. Now there was no fooling anyone. Stephan sensed his anger abandoning him, as he fell back on his chair."You will always have a choice," the Headmaster said calmly, fixing him with a serious look "No one can take that away from you and if neutrality is what you want, then that's the course you shall follow after you leave here." Stephan didn't have the strength to argue with the man's flawed, flawed logic "Now, I think it's high time we proceeded with your sorting," he said clapping his hands. Stephan frowned."Sorting?" he questioned. What was the old bat moaning about? He'd already been sorted, when he was eleven."Do they still use the old 'prick your finger' in Durmstrang?" Dumbledore questioned and Stephan found himself nodding "Blood magic, very accurate, I always liked it," the old man said with a fond smile "But we have a different method here. Severus, if you wouldn't mind," he said, motioning towards something with his head.Stephan shifted in his seat. He knew about the four houses of Hogwarts, everybody did, but he didn't feel like he belonged in any one, and frankly none sounded too appealing. It was different in Durmstrang; for starters there were only two houses, covering a wider range of personalities. And of course sorting was tied to their blood. In the dinning room, the two large sigils of the houses marked the biggest part of the floor. During the sorting ceremony the first year students would prickle their forefingers, a single drop of blood would fall on the floor, causing one of the two crests to illuminate.A dirty, old piece of cloth fell on his lap. Stephan's nose wrinkled as he looked at it; it looked like it had been through hell and back. At least it didn't smell accordingly."What is this?" he questioned the aversion prominent in his voice."The sorting hat," came Snape's dry reply. Stephan's eyes flickered between the two wizards."You expect me to put this thing on my head?" he asked, his lips curling in displeasure "You both must've lost your marbles.""Come on now, it will only take a minute," Dumbledore admonished, and mentally Stephan wondered why the old man was putting up with his attitude. True, he had every right to be in a bad mood, but he didn't expect the headmaster to play along with it. His eyes narrowed, as he studied the man his father so openly admired; he was playing on a secret agenda, that much was clear, but what was his endgame?"Forget it," Stephan said, sniffing loudly and looking at the two men underneath his nose.The old piece of trash was getting nowhere near his perfectly tussled black locks, thank you very much. And hey, if they so happened to sent him back because he refused to get sorted, than that was an added perk, right? Sadly Stephan had forgotten how impatient Snape could get or how he completely disregarded one's personal space, when he was angry. The hat was shoved on his head, before Stephan had a chance to move out of the way. He wiggled around on the armchair, but the professor's hands framed his head, holding the hat in place."Mhmm, interesting," a whispery voice sounded in his head and Stephan gave up the struggle "Very much so...I see we got a half-breed in our hands. A hybrid," a growl built low in Stephan's chest at the offensive words "Now, now little wolf, I see a sharp mind inside your head and an unmatched ability to have people do your biding...Not the faintest sense of humility and not much courage either...I think, I think the best fit for you is, Ravenclaw."The last word was spoken loudly and finally the dreadful hat was lifted off his head. Dumbledore clicked his fingers, as Snape returned the hat to its place and Stephan allowed his shoulders to relax a little; Ravenclaw wasn't so bad. He could've ended up in Gryffindor, which could be equated to him signing his death certificate. No, Ravenclaw wasn't bad at all."What about my things?" Stephan asked, the lack of his wand's weight in his cloak's pocket making him uneasy. His wand along with his books and everything else he owned were left behind, upon his father's insistence he should arrive to Britain before midnight. Packing hadn't been a priority."Your belongings are already here, waiting for you in your new dormitory," Dumbledore said and Stephan thought that at least Hogwarts' organization was impressive, but didn't let it show."And my class schedule?" he wondered. Sure, he was not pleased with the situation, and he probably had less than a year to live, but should his academic career suffer because of it? Absolutely no."You'll be given one tomorrow morning, during breakfast. The electives will be similar to the ones you'd chosen in your old school, but I'm afraid some of them are not being taught here," Dumbledore said with a pointed look and Stephan nodded, standing up. He winced at the pain shooting up his legs as he stood on his feet; they were sore from all the walking and Stephan doubted they'd be able to hold him up for much longer "Have a good night, Stephan," the headmaster bid him.The stupid castle could pass for a maze, it could. As Snape led the way, Stephan came to the conclusion there was no way he'd ever be able to find the dining hall on his own or any of his classes for that matter. Snape was walking fast, as if knowing how hard it was for Stephan to stand up, let alone keep up with his long strides."Here we are," Snape said, stopping in front of an empty wall. Stephan raised an eyebrow."Are you kidding?" he questioned."You should be able to answer this question on your own, as you've known me most of your life," Snape said in his usual bored voice "Good luck with the password, you only have one chance," he said, and then turned on his heel and left, taking the only source of light with him.The 'wait' died in Stephan's tongue, as darkness once again surrounded him. His gaze hardened, returning on the wall; he was not going to plead for anything. Pleading was for the weak and Stephan Belisarius was not weak. His eyes studied the surface of the wall, looking for something, anything that would give him a hint as to what he was supposed to do next.When he finally noticed the bronze knocker right on the centre of the wall, he felt his cheeks heating up with humiliation. He blamed his awful observation to the lack of proper lighting and extreme tiredness, moving closer. The knocker had the shape of an eagle with sharp eyes and a beak that, if you were too clumsy, could break the skin. There was no doorknob or a keyhole, so Stephan warily wrapped his fingers around it and knocked."Where do vanished objects go?" the eagle croaked and Stephan blinked in confusion.A riddle? He had to solve a fucking riddle in order to go to bed? Who had thought of that? Stephan groaned, lying his head against the cold stone. He counted his breaths, not wanting his heart rate to exceed normal; it was too late for an unwilling transformation."Okay," he murmured to himself, taking a step back "Okay..." he shook his head, attempting to clear some of the fog, but the motion only made him dizzy. Stephan breathed in through his nose, out through his mouth. Where do vanished objects go?Did they seize to exist? Were objects, unlike energy, able to stop being? Where was he going to go, once he who-must-not-be-named got his hands on Stephan? He was going to vanish...His body, his mind, his soul, the tiny particles that made him who he was, were probably going to float into oblivion, and then he would stop existing. He would become... nothing.Maybe it will be for the best. "Well?" the eagle questioned and Stephan's eyes flew open. The boy ran a hand through his hair, his eyes concentrating on a particular spot on the wall, his mind slowly trying to connect the dots."I guess since they vanish, they stop to exist," he said, his fingers scratching the side of his head "I'd say they go into non-being, if that could be considered a-a different plane..." his reasoning sounded weak, but he'd been up since six o'clock in the morning and it was well past midnight."Sound logic," the knocker responded and the wall moved, revealing a large round room. Stephan walked in, the much warmer air inside the common room quite welcome to his face. There was a small fire crackling in the fireplace, painting the otherwise blue decorated room in red hues. The arched windows covering the walls along with the blue and bronze silks hanging from the ceiling made Stephan nostalgic for his old common room.Stephan noticed to doors on either side of a tall statue, Rowena Ravenclaw's if he had to guess, which presumably led to the dormitories. Only there was no way of telling which was which. With a defeated sigh, Stephan stumbled towards one of the plus armchairs in front of the fireplace. Curling up on himself, he accepted he had to wait until the morning to find his things. Preferably after getting a decent hot shower. Yeah, that sounded like a good plan.A/N; Sooooo any thoughts? 
