The other day, I was just struck with the sudden urge to write something Harry Potter, but kind of apprehensive to writing about the main three (no idea what I could've plotted), so I opted instead to write about some of my original characters, The Hammond family, as I could see them being a Wizarding family. I will include characters from the book who are either attending or teaching at Hogwarts at the time that Reagan is attending, but others... well, we'll see."So, what House d'you think you'll end up in, Ray?" A girl asked a younger boy as she walked with him, her father, and her twin, tight red curls bouncing as she strode along King's Cross Station, pushing a trolley with a curious assortment of items.The younger boy shrugged. He was 11 years old, and on his birthday that recently passed, he received a letter from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry saying that he was eligible to start his First year at the start of term, September 1st, which was the day the family got to King's Cross Station, after spending the week before in London, to buy their school supplies."M'not too sure, I don't think I'm smart enough to be in Ravenclaw with you," He said to the girl, glancing over to her for a moment before concentrating on steering his own trolley straight. "But I hope I at least get into Gryffindor with Shea."A nasty smirk showed on the other boy's face, and then he looked down to the smaller boy. "Aw, shucks, Ray, it almost sounds like you're sayin' you'd rather be with me than Siobhan, how mean of you to say it right to her face." He put on a look of disappointment and shook his head. "I'm very disappointed in you, laddy."The younger boy squirmed a little under the look his cousin gave him. He didn't mean to disappoint anyone. In fact, that might've been one of his biggest fears, he'd never in a million years want to let down the family that took him in when no other family wanted to."Seamus, quit picking on your cousin," The red-headed boy's father said sternly, then clapping his nephew on his shoulder and giving him a reassuring smile, sensing the boy's unease. "Wherever you end up is where you're meant to be, and that's alright, Reagan."The younger boy looked up to his uncle and smiled back at him. "Thank you, Uncle Neil.""Oh, here it is!" The red-haired girl at the front of the pack called over her shoulder. She'd found their platform. Or rather, found the space between two other platforms, from the look of it. "Platform 9 and 3/4ths. This platform still gives me the heeby-jeebies..." Siobhan said with a shudder. "Always think I'm going to smack head first into it. Expect if anyone was watching they'd think that as well.""Eh, nuts to what they think," Shea said, carefully avoiding cursing around his father. "I think it's brilliant.""'Right then, both of you go through, show Reagan how it's done." Neil said, gesturing to the brick wall the were standing by. Reagan didn't know exactly why they'd have to 'show him how it was done', he'd seen them do it already. Siobhan and Shea were both in their 3rd year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, after all, and the journey onto the platform was an annual one since they both started.Siobhan went first, trying to make it look to any passersby (if they actually watched) as casual as possible; simply leaning against the wall with her trolley, before both her and the trolley fell through the mock facade. Her twin, however, opted instead to push his own trolley at full-speed, then ride through the wall on the bottom bars.Neil heaved a sigh. "That's going to be a mess, I think. You can go at a run, Reagan, but don't try to ride though. It always ends in disaster," He said, smiling in spite of himself, remembering his own trolley-ride disaster from his first trip to Hogwarts.Reagan stared at the wall in front of him now, and took a deep breath and exhaled to try and keep the mounting nerves at bay. He just saw his cousins vanish through the wall, why was he worried? Perhaps it wasn't the wall he was worried about, but everything beyond it. All the same, Reagan closed his eyes and ran through the wall.The view of Platform 9 and 3/4ths was amazing once he opened his eyes. The Hogwarts Express was a bright scarlet color, standing clean and shiny as it rumbled, with smoke billowing from the stacks as students prepared to board.Young wizards and their families were all around the platform, chattering excitedly or having their teary good-byes, smothering their children with hugs and kisses, or asking them whether they remembered to pack everything before they came and reminding them 'you wouldn't want an owl to come with a package containing underwear because you forgot to pack yours.'Reagan was distracted suddenly from the scene when he heard his cousin's shrill voice, looking very cross as she picked up the luggage that had been knocked over by Shea running into her accidentally with his trolley, scattering his things as well. "Ugh, you just had to do it, didn't you, Shea? Dad warned you about it last year but you still did it? Wipe that look off your face!" Reagan went to help Siobhan pick up her things, if only to stop her tirade on her twin brother. "Here," He picked up a copy of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them. "Is this yours?"Siobhan shook her head. "No, it's Shea's. I have my books tucked away in my bag, wouldn't leave 'em out so they get all battered." She gave Shea a pointed look.Shea rolled his eyes and took the book from Reagan. "You have your way of packing, I have mine. How 'bout you quit b-""If you know what's good for you, you won't finish that sentence." Neil said suddenly as he came through the wall. "Help your sister pick up."Shea glared daggers at him for a few moments-not daring to say a thing-before stooping down to help pick up his sister's things as well as his own.Neil looked down to his nephew with a smile, holding his arms out wide as an invitation for a hug; which Reagan gladly accepted with a smile of his own as he wrapped his arms around his uncle's waist."Make sure to write plenty, you hear? I want to hear all about your first day. I made sure to tell your cousins to hassle you if you don't write home," Neil said as he pulled away with a teasing grin, which Reagan mimicked."Alright, Uncle Neil, I promise to write as soon as I can," He replied.The train's whistle pierced the sounds of the chattering crowd, signaling that it was time for everyone to wrap up their good-byes and hurry onto the train, which everyone did. Children pushed their trolleys nearby the train, started bringing all of their stuff in with the help of their families, and before too long the train was off, with parents waving the train off and calling out their good-byes again while the children waved through the windows before dispersing to find seats.Reagan waved good-bye to his uncle one last time, with Siobhan and Shea also waving over his shoulders, before they both separated to find their peers, leaving Reagan to find his own crowd.
