Summary:This is the story of Harry and Hermione's love life instead of Ron/Hermione and Ginny/Harry. This is all from Hermione's point of view.Disclaimer: I don't own Harry potter in any way,shape or form. This story isn't mine at all I am simply posting it on the fan fiction site.This is By:HHR4ever from wattpad._Chapter 1- The OwlsHermione had never seen so much owls in her life. Of course, She knew nothing about them, being only one, and she knew nothing about all of the species. Barn Owl, Great Grey Owl, Pigmy Owl, Great Horned Owl, Boreal Owl, the list went on, But still she was clueless. Of course her parents knew. She thought her parents were very smart, just like her.Mr. and Mrs. Granger, of number ten, William Terrace, were extremely proud to say that they were a little less than normal. They were sort of the first people you would suspect to be involved in something ludicrous and mysterious, because they just couldn't avoid such happenings.Mr. Granger was head dentist at a dentist's office called Brightest Whites, in Bristol. He was lean and slightly muscular man with a thin beard that grew by the day. Mrs. Granger was thin, but not stick-thin and was very tall with light brown hair, and she was also a dentist who worked at the same place as her husband. Her long legs allowed her to chat with the next-door neighbors,which she enjoyed thoroughly. The Granger's had a one year old girl named Hermione, and in their opinion there was no more peculiar girl in all the world.The Granger's had everything they could possibly want, and had no secrets. Well,except for one. They would be very embarrassed if anyone found out, so they kept it a secret from everyone they knew. They didn't think they could stand it if anyone found out about Hermione. Hermione, their one year old daughter, was as chatty and smart as she could be. But she was so abnormal in so many ways, that all the good-for-nothing books her mother read changed nothing. The Granger's flinched slightly to think of what the relatives would say when they found out about hermione's...abilities. The Granger's knew that she meant well in every way, but sometimes she couldn't help it. She was a good reason that the Granger's didn't have any other children, they were worried they would be like hermione.When Mr. And Mrs. Granger woke up on the sunny, bright Thursday morning where this story starts, there was nothing about the sun-drenched sky to hint that strange things were going to be happening. hummed cheerily as he picked out his dentist's smock from kid closet, and chatted happily with her husband as she sat Hermione down for breakfast, being dressed in her in her dentist's smock,too.Only Hermione noticed a small, brown owl fly past the window.At quarter to eight, Mr. Granger picked up his lunch bag, and kissed Hermione on the top of her head as she was picked up by the neighbors to be brought to daycare. "Little angel," he laughed as Hermione smiled sweetly at the neighbor. He left the house and got into the drivers seat of his car, and backed out of number ten's driveway with his wife in the passengers seat.It was at the end if the street that Mr. and Mrs. Granger noticed something strange, an owl perched on the top of the street sign with a letter clamped in its beak. For a minute, thought he must be seeing things. He turned his head to look again, but the owl was gone. What could he have been thinking? It must have been a brief hallucination due to the early morning traffic pollution. He blinked and shook the owl out of his mind, and drove towards Bristol. As he drove all he thought about was the files heaped up on his desk that he needed to organize later.But at the traffic light near his workplace. Files were jerked roughly out of his mind. As he sat waiting for the light to turn green, he noticed that there seemed to be a lot of people in cloaks. always pondered people in funny clothes, the clothes he saw sometimes were weirder than he could ever have imagined. He supposed they were all heading to some theater for some opera. You saw a lot of capes in the opera. He twiddled his thumbs as the light still refused to turn green, and his eyes fell upon three people in such cloaks standing nearby. They were whispering hurriedly to each other. It didn't look as if they were trying to make an opera time. It didn't look like they were in a hurry at all. was perplexed to see a couple of men about his age walk over and start talking with them, all wearing cloaks. Some in purple, some green, some sapphire-blue, and some just black. The light turned green and moved the car forward, and a minute later he arrived at Brightest Whites, opening the car for his wife, his mind already back on files.Mr. Granger always sat facing a window in his dental office, but most of the time he was bent over a patient's mouth. But today, he sat at his dental desk sorting files on the second floor of the building, absentmindedly staring out the window. But suddenly, he found it to focus on files. He saw the owls diving past in broad daylight, and people down below did too. He could hear gasps of awe from patients and staff in adjacent rooms, and he couldn't suppress a gasp himself. Some of them hadn't even seen owls in their lives, let alone in broad daylight. had a distracting morning, along with everybody else. He fixed cavities on ten different people. He received many appointment phone calls. He was in a half-hearted good mood until lunch,when he unpacked his sandwich and munched it quietly on his desk.He'd forgotten all about the people in cloaks and the owls until a man came into his office, dressed in a cloak with an owl on his arm. He stared at him in shock as he laid down on the dentist's chair, owl perching on the window sill. He didn't know why, but this man made him nervous. The man was gazing at him with happiness in every inch of his face, and he couldn't see a single opera ticket sticking out of the man's pockets. Well, he HAD no pockets. It was on the man's way out the door after the appointment that caught a few of if the man's words spoken to the owl."The Potter, Darby! There poor son, all alone...but still, plenty of time to celebrate and mourn!"He froze. Curiosity flooded him. He looked at the man's retreating figure as if he wanted to ask him a question, but decided against it and turned back to his files.He closed the office door, grabbed his cell-phone, and was about to dial the operator number when he had a change of mind. He clicked the phone shut and scratched his head, thinking...No, he hadn't heard that name before. Potter was an unusual name. He didn't know any people named Potter, and he knew a lot of people. And their son...who exactly? He had not heard of this on the morning news, how could he be sure that this man wasn't simply bonkers? He had been carrying an owl. There was no point in asking around about the Potters, no need to worry himself. But those people in cloaks...He found it a whole lot harder to focus on files that day, and when he left the building at 4:30, he was still preoccupied that he almost walked into someone right outside the door with his wife beside him."Sorry,sorry!" They both said in a rush, as the women stumbled but caught herself. It was immediately that saw that this woman was wearing a sunshine-yellow cloak. She didn't seem at all upset about being walked into.I'm fact, she looked as happy as could be and said in a high-pitched voice, "Don't be sorry, you should be rejoicing! Rejoice, He-Who-Must-Not-Be -Named is vanquished, at last! Even you muggles should be having feasts in Harry Potter's honor!"The woman waved her hand and skipped off.Mr. and Mrs. Granger stood rooted to the spot. They had been talked to by a complete stranger, who told them they should be celebrating over He-Who-Must-Not-Been-Whatever's vanquishing and over Harry Potters honor. They had also been called muggles. Whatever those were. Maybe it was a political term he hadn't heard yet. He was shaken. He hurried to his car and set off for home, not just because of the strange occurrence but because Hermione would be home from daycare soon.As he pulled into the driveway of number ten, the first thing he saw, and it didn't improve the events of the day, was another owl the same species as the one he had seen this morning. It had a letter clamped in its beak, just like the first one. He wasn't sure if it was the same one, the markings on it were slightly different."Off you go,now!" called , waving her handsThe owl flew off, looking back once. Was this normal for owls to be carrying letters like this? wondered. Trying to hide his uneasiness, he unlocked the front door and stepped into the house. He was still determined not to dig into this issue.Mrs. Granger had a normal day. She told him over dinner about the one severe tooth problem she had seen that day and how her friend 's baby girl had learned the word "No!" tried to hide his nervousness. When Hermione had been put to bed at 7:00, he went into the living room to watch the 7:00 news, and this is what he heard:"Tonight on the newscast, bird-watchers are simply appalled at the behavior of the Bristol owls today. Many bird-watchers across the country are saying owls do usually hunt at night, but are rarely seen during the day. There have been thousands of sightings of owls, and some have even reported that these owls have been carrying letters. Also on the news, the strange weather we have been having today. Shooting stars have been spotted from London to Kent, citizens suspect some are celebrating the Mid-summer festival a bit late. It's already August! Also in the news..."He sat rigid in his armchair. Shooting stars? Owl sightings?What was going on? And a rumor about a family called the Potters... came into the family room carrying two cups of tea. It was no good.He would have to find out more. He shifted nervously in his chair. "Um Eliza,dear, you haven't heard anything about Potters today, have you?"As he had foreseen, looked positively perplexed. After all, the name Potter hadn't been heard by her since today."No," she said thoughtfully "why?""Funny people talking about it today in the office," said Mr. Granger "Something about the Potters and there son.""And?" Mrs. Granger questioned."Well, I just thought you might have heard something in the office today."Mrs. Granger sipped her tea thoughtfully. wondered whether he tell her about the owls. He decided he wouldn't. Instead, he said as casually as he could, "Have you seen any owls lately? The mice have been at it again""No, I haven't," she replied curiously."Oh, well I've heard some mice in the walls.""Wait minute, I saw a couple this morning, in the office. Flying by the window in broad daylight.""Oh, alright then" Mr. Granger said , his heart lifting slightly. "Yes, I've seen some too"He didn't say another word about owls,Potters or shooting stars as they went upstairs to bed. While Mrs. Granger was in the bathroom, he looked out the bedroom window and peered down the street.No more owls were there. It was as if their entire lifestyle had been reversed.Was he dreaming? Could the potters have anything to do with the owls and shooting stars? If they did, it would be extremely public. Someone could do an investigation, find out about Hermione...The Granger's got into bed, and lay awake, talking about Hermione. Little did they know that their daughter was awake too.Hermione was showing no signs of sleepiness. She was lying as still as a statue in the crib in her parents room. She flinched every time a car door slammed or a dog barked. In fact, it was nearly midnight before Hermione heard anything at all."What are we gonna do about her, Philip? The things she's done that are not normal...""I know, Eliza. We'll figure it out. How could it get much worse? She'll grow out of it.""You're probably right...let's get to sleep now."Hermione's eyes widened, her small brain tried to process what she had just heard. She always had a weird way of doing things that were not her intention. Like a week ago when she cried over not liking her raisins and wishing they were grapes. With a POP, the grapes had appeared, her parents stunned, but thinking with a trick of the light and slip of the mind had put them on her plate and forgotten about it. Another time when she was three weeks old, the neighbor's dog had been scaring her when she was being fed. When she peered over her mothers hand, the dog was running away with a newspaper swatting at it with no hands to hold it. And yesterday she had been angry that a shirt she really loved didn't fit her, it suddenly grew until it was perfectly her size. Yawning, she slowly fell asleep, hearing no more from her parents. She woke up at one point in the night to hear a faint buzzing of what sounded like a motorcycle above. But she drifted into a deep sleep, not knowing that in a couple of days her life would change forever.A&N; This chapter is a little boring. Just wait though it will get better and better.
