I do not own harry potterThird POV.10 years ago:"Lily take harry up stairs and hide yourself in the nursery." "No, I won't leave you James." The door started banging. "He's here, lily now go I'll hold him off as long as I can." Lily ran up the stairs with her son crying in her arms. As she locked the nursery door she could hear the sound of her husbands screaming and then silence as the staircase creaked. In one last attempt to save her son she hide him in the closet. "Harry you are so loved remember that Mama and Daddy love you. Please harry be strong be safe." She then closed the closet and grabbed her wand preparing for the worst. The door opens to reveal voldemort and the man who betrayed her and james. "Ah Lilly, it's been too long how are you." "I'd be a lot better if one of my husbands best friends wasn't trying to kill my son." "It's only business my dear surely you understand." "Of course, as you understand that your dark Lord can't protect you forever and the moment he stops Sirius and Remus will hunt you down and kill you." "Well you see they will be so busy with Peter that they won't have the time." "You leave that poor boy out of this." "Enough!" Came the cold voice belonging to voldemort. "Give us the child or join your foolish husband." "You'll have to kill me." Lily raised her wand prepared to die fighting. "So be it. Avada Kedavra!" With a loud scream Lily fell lifelessly to the ground her bright green eyes still staring up at her attackers. Harry started to cry hysterically as his mother fell. Voldemort opened the closet and pointed his wand at the young child. "And now I can finish what I came to do." There was a slight pause. "Avada Kedavra!" There was a bright flash of light and once it was gone the dark Lord had been destroyed and lily's son was left alive with nothing but a scar on his forehead. The servant took the child in his arms and it calmed down. He looked at lily one last time before heading down the stairs. He then stopped in front of james. "All this trouble for a small child." He said looking at harry who gripped tightly to his robes.Present dayHarry's povI stretched out on my bed the smell of bacon in the air. "Morning son today's the day." My dad said as he walked into my room. "Come on your sister already has a head start on you." Then I remembered that today was our first day of Hogwarts. I jump Out of bed though on my clothes and headed down to eat breakfast as I entered the room i tripped and scratched my glasses. "Oh, harry are you alright." My sister asked as she ran to my rescue. "Just look at your glasses. Reparo!" "Thanks Hermione I really need to remember that one." We finished eating and dad took us to kings cross station. After a few seconds of trying to find platform 9 3/4 we asked an older looking red haired woman who we overheard telling her children that they would be late. We soon found our way and went to find an empty compartment. Hermione and I sat for a while until the train started moving. "I'm going to change into my robes." "But the train just left we won't be there for hours." "Yes but I plan to get a little more sleep." Soon after Hermione left one of the children of the women who helped us ask to sit down. I learned that his name was Ron weasley and instantly knew that we were going to be great friends.Hermione's POVAfter I changed in to my robes I started to head back to the compartment on the way this blond hair boy and his friends tripped me and laughed as they started to walk away. "I'll tell you harry I never expected wizards to be so rude." I blushed as I noticed someone else was in the compartment. "Harry who's she." The boy asked as he gave me a strange look. "Oh, sorry Im Hermione Granger. Harry's sister and you are." "Ron Wesley." The boy said with his mouth full of candy which I now realized was all over the compartment. "Pleasure." I reached out my hand and he shook it. "Would you like some. Here try one of these." Ron handed me a box of jelly beans. I grabbed a speckled red one. "What did you get." Ron asked "Strawberry." I answered with a small smile I just loved strawberries. "Your lucky I got liver and beans." Harry added with a disgusted face. Ron and I chuckled. "So Hermione what were you so upset about when you came in." I then told them the story and by the end they were both enraged. "Sounds to me you just met Draco Malfoy." Ron stated matter of factly. "Who?" Harry and I asked in unison. Ron then started to explain who he was and a little about why he thought he was so important. And somewhere along the way i fell asleep. Soon I was awakened by harry lightly shaking my shoulder. "Your sister is a sound sleeper." I heard Ron say as I slowly opened my eyes. "Hey the train stopped and there asking for all the first years." My brother explained as I whipped sleep out of my eyes. Ron handed me one of my bags. "Thanks Ron." We both blushed as my hand brushed past his to grab the handle. We then followed hagrid to the lake and slowly made our way towards the school. My first glimpse of the school was breath taking and by the look on there face knew that harry and Ron felt the same. Once the sorting feast was complete and we were brought to the common room I said goodnight to my brother and ron and went straight to my dorm. There i quickly fell into a deep sleep.Hermione's Dream"Jonathan you promised me that you wouldn't get involved." "I know Mary but I didn't have any choice." "James was your friend and you betrayed him." "He threatened our daughters life. What was I supposed to have done." "Well at least he survived." Hermione's mother was hold a small child sleeping in a blanket. "Now what do we do with him." Her father asked. "Lily was my best friend and james yours. You caused there death the least we can do is take care of harry for them after all I am his godmother." "Fine but we rase him as ours and never mention lily or james. He'll be her twin brother." "Sounds fair to me and in that case." She got up from the rocking chair and placed harry in the crib next to her daughter. "Hermione met your new brother, Harry Potter." Ron's POVHarry and I were in the common room waiting for Hermione so we could all go down to breakfast together. As she came down the staircase she had a tired look which was strange because she was the first to go to bed. "You're having those dreams again aren't you." Harry asked a worried and knowing look on his face. Hermione gave a small nod and started to come towards us. We then went down to the great hall for some breakfast before we started classes. Yeah I know right what kind of school has class on the first day. Well during breakfast Harry and Hermione explained how when she was 6 or 7 she had dreams that suggested that her parents knew about magic and possessed their own that was not possible because Harry and Hermione were muggle borns. Then Hermione told us how the one she had that night suggested that Harry's last name was Potter and not Granger. But why did the name Harry Potter sound so familiar to me, I feel as though I've heard it before. I had little time to think on it because at that moment breakfast ended and the time had come for class to start. Hermione's POVProfessor Dumbledore excused us from the hall for our first class of the day and I for one could not wait. I excitedly looked at my chart (that earned me strange looks from students passing by) our first class was double potion with the Slytherin house, I was sure that this would be fun. Oh how wrong I was.
