A/N: TRIGGER WARNING - This fan fiction is all prewritten. It will include some dark themes:-Rape - Not detailed, only suggested.-Self-harm-Torture-Mild swearingRead at your own risk.Herbologist, healer, baseball player, sugar and spice, a pinch of sarcasm and everything nice- That is what seventh year Gryffindor, Mary McDonald is made of. At least that is what those who don't know her think. To her friends she is all of that and more. She is also loyal and kind hearted. Although, she can also lose her temper fairly fast and has an odd obsession over forks, but no one is without their faults. She has a small fear of flying and a bigger fear of abandonment. She would do anything for her friends and they would do anything for her. This year she will need them more than everMary's face lit up as she pushed her trolley through the wall onto the platform and the red Hogwarts Express came into view. Since she got home after the camping trip she hadn't seen or talked to any of her friends, just so that she could get finished all of her summer homework. It was NEWT year so she wanted to get in as much studying in beforehand. She helped lift her things into the train before looking at the time. She still had ten minutes before eleven, so she turned around to find one of her friend. At that moment she was picked up and thrown over a shoulder."Oi! Put me down Black!" Mary exclaims, guessing at who picked her up."Nope guess again!"Mary grins widely hearing her boyfriend's, Luke Harper, voice and hugs his middle, "Hey Luke."Luke puts her back onto her feet and kisses her. "You smell like dirt. I like it.""Thanks!" She giggles and kisses back. "You excited for our last year?"Before he could reply though, another familiar voice calls out to her. "McDonald! It's been a while."Mary takes Luke's hand and turns around. Scanning the crowd a little bit before her eyes fall on James and Lily who were walking toward them  Sirius, Remus, and Peter in tow. James's chest was pushed out to show off his Head Boy badge."Hey guys. Why aren't you wearing your head boy badge Rem? Not afraid to show off are you?" She grins as Remus laughs lightly."Sorry Mar, but this one here who is looking a bit defeated that you pretended you didn't notice beat me for it this year." He says as he claps James on the back with some force to send him staggering slightly. "Better him than me. He was always out of the common room at nights anyway, now he gets to do it legally.""Congrats, James," Luke says with a grin. "How much did you have to bribe the professors?""I didn't bribe anyone thank you very much, you tossers." James replies with a hint of laughter. "I got head boy because of my unfathomable good looks, roguish charm, and unrivalled skills.""Because you are so pretty strutting around the castle." Mary says as the train whistles."I don't strut, Mary Mack!" James calls behind him as Lily drags him away to the informative meeting."If you insist, Potter!" she calls back before turning to the rest of the group. "We better go find a compartment before they all fill."Mary and the rest of the gang  Luke, Sirius, Remus, and Peter  board the train and joined Charlotte Clearwater and her boyfriend Marcus Coin in their compartment. The seven of them caught up with things between their last camping trip until present while they waited for the last two to join them again. After some time the door slid open as Lily and James find them, and at that moment seventh year Slytherin, Erik Mulciber also walks past with his few lackeys. He sticks his foot out to stop the door from sliding shut and leans against the frame."Get your own compartment, Mulciber." Mary states shortly, standing up to shut the door."Now, now... I just wanted a friendly talk. I missed them over the summer, Mar." He teases and runs his hand through his hair. Avery snickers behind him, but Severus seemed to be preoccupied with something in the hall so that he didn't have to look at the Gryffindor group and Lily in particular."You mean you want my fork in your arm again?" She says with a sarcastic smile.Mulciber gives her a funny look. "What do you mean again, Mudblood?"At that, in one swift movement, Mary takes out a fork that she had tucked in her pocket and stabs it into his arm quickly before removing it. "You might want to get that seen to. We have a long ways before we arrive to Hogwarts. Oh and I am a half-blood. Thanks though.""Bloody Hell, bitch." Erik spits out and he holds pressure on his arm. "You better watch your back this year, McDonald. You won't always have your friends around.""I don't need them to protect myself Mulciber!" She calls down the hall after him and his friends before sliding the door shut and locking it."Have I ever told you how much I love you, McDonald?" Sirius says impressed.Mary shrugs as she cleans the fork, and answers sarcastically with a smirk, "When we were dating, yeah. Though I also recall you breaking up with me then daring me to kiss by current boyfriend who can kill you with the same plants I can.""Touch, Mary. Remind me never to get on your bad side."
