"I love magic"  Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film)Ginny Potter could not sleep. Neither could Harry. In fact, her husband's insomnia was in fact the reason for her own. It was obvious to her that even they were currently lying in bed together, his mind was somewhere else entirely, and that was what troubled her, making sleep impossible.It was not that she did not trust him; they built their relationship based on trust. They had a good relationship. They got on very well together because they knew each other very well. Ginny knew that whenever Harry was quiet, something was up. After years suffering years of neglect at the hands of the Dursleys, he had become used to bottling up his emotions inside, because no one around him cared enough to listen. Then, during his years at Hogwarts, it had been much the same. Not because he didn't have people there to listen, but because he kept having to shove his feelings in favour of putting on a brave face and saving the world from the Dark Lord. Everyone had expected him to be strong and for the most part, he had played his part perfectly. These days, no one expected that of him- not after all that he had been through. However, even fifteen years after the end of the war, he was still struggling to get out of the habit of closing himself off from the world whenever he had a problem.Granted, his lack of openness did not always have to mean he was in emotional turmoil. It could simply mean he was plotting, planning and scheming while harbouring a secret, as he had done both in the run up to asking her to move in with him and asking her to marry him.They were special secrets, but secrets all the same and Ginny Potter had never liked secrets.Ginny had racked her brains and come up blank. She did not know what could be bothering him, but she did know that she had to find out.XEventually, the silence was too much and she decided to grit her teeth and get the ball rolling. "Harry, where are you tonight?" She whispered. He turned to face her, startled."Sorry Gin, what was that?"She chuckled; glad to have finally gotten his attention. "Going deaf in your old age, I see. Say hello to the fairies for me. Come back when you're ready, I'll be here." He smiled, at her in an absent-minded way, squeezing her fingers."I'm right here," he murmured gently. She sighed."You're not, Harry. Wherever you are must be nice though, you've been there all evening." She had to try very hard to keep her voice both level and free of sarcasm.She exhaled deeply. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that." She paused. Are you still at work? Is it a case? You know, you can tell me, just leave out some of the details." He shook his head."No, it's not anything like that and I'm not planning to run off with Ron and Hermione again if that's what you think." In the darkness, Ginny blushed crimson. He knew her just as well as she knew him; weak spots included.He propped himself up on his elbows, facing her. "Do you really want to know?" He kissed her forehead. "Okay then. The truth is, I've been in America." Now it was Ginny's turn to look startled."You went to America today?" Harry smiled to himself. I love magic. Only in the Wizarding World would such a thing be possible."No, I was just thinking about it." He answered. Ginny wasn't sure what to say. They lapsed into silence this time, but she didn't mind. She was too busy thinking over what he had said.XWhen Harry next spoke, his question surprised her. "I really liked it there. Did you?"Ginny couldn't resist teasing him just a little bit. "Well now, Mr. Potter, that depends on who you ask. You see, I will admit to loving the US almost as much as I love you, so..." Harry chuckled."So that's a whole lot then." He finished.She snuggled up to him. "Maybe so, but it has to be our little secret, I'm afraid." She felt herself relax against his chest. "Is that your secret? A trip back to the States?" He looked away, but it was obvious he had been caught out.He was the one teasing her now. "I was going to wait until I had thought it out a little more before telling you, but then somebody had to go and ruin the surprise." He seemed to say, not looking at anyone in particular, though of course he was looking right at her."Potter, I must say I'm very disappointed in you. After almost twelve years of marriage, you still haven't figured out that I don't like surprises?""Of course I have. But I didn't say this was your surprise, now did I?" He was paying her back double for earlier. If she had been able to make out the intricate details of his features in the pitch dark, she was sure his emerald eyes would have been sparkling with mischief. Glad to see that he was in top form and happy that she no longer had to worry, she decided to humour him. "Who is the surprise for then?""Well, technically, it is your surprise- but you have to share it." She smiled, knowing that he was purposefully dragging this out, because he enjoyed watching her bursting with curiosity before his very eyes. Eventually, he decided to put her out of her misery."Everyone," he said simply.Ginny smiled. That was fine by her. The holiday was off in the distant future. At that moment, the future seemed very far away and he seemed very close. She pushed all thoughts of another trip to the US to the back of her mind, as she pulled him closer still. It was impossible for anyone to mention the States to Ginny without her mind straying to those nights spent in his arms. It was impossible for her to think of him like that without desiring him. It was impossible to contemplate another trip back to the US without first taking a trip down memory lane.
