A/N:Hey everyone! I'm back! Sorry about my last story... What with the chapter deletions and the whatnot. That WILL be fixed, soon.But I've become horrendously addicted to Tomione FanFiction. It's an awful affliction, really. Ah well, it's too late now!SO, after months of frustration with the pathetic selection I have and the few incredible stories that completely broke my heart, I have decided to break out writing remission with a tale of my own!I'm sure I'll come out with the Epilogue to In The Silver Woods soon enough. It all works out, I promise!I think this could be my best work yet, so it may take me awhile for updates. I plan on being very thorough.Have fun!The cool water of the lake trickled through my toes as I submerged my feet again. It felt so good to relax and watch the sun set over the lake... One of the most beautiful sights Hogwarts has to offer. It was also one of the only sights that didn't look like an absolute wasteland. The dark, still surface of the water looked as if nothing could ever touch it, affect it, or change it. But I'd been underneath that opaque cover, and I knew the beasts inside were restless, as always.I laid back onto the bank, feet still in the water, and closed my eyes. Even the dusky sky was scarred from the war, if only by smoke from the now-extinguished fires. I couldn't bear to look at it - at the rubble, the ruins of our beloved castle, or the smoking, torn open grounds. The green lawns were ripped open by fire, by misfired spells, and by the footsteps and inevitable falls of the giants brought by Voldemort. Nothing seemed to have escaped the destruction... Except the lake.I rolled over onto my side, and, ignoring the sand gritting up my unmanageable hair, tried to let my exhaustion fill my mind. Everyone else was still cleaning up the remains of the castle, collecting bodies of the fallen, and rounding up the remaining Death Eaters. I slipped away after lunch, after the celebrating was over.It just hurt too much.Seeing all those people... Torn apart and ruined by battle like that... Children. Children dead and dying and hurting inside, where no healing charm can reach. Children like me.But no. I'm an adult. I helped lead the Resistance, as they're calling it now. The Order, Dumbledore's Army, all of it. Clumped together under 'The Resistance.' History books will refer to us that way. I suppose it's easier to explain the basics of the story that way. It gets so much more complicated after that.Horcruxes, Hallows, souls. Love. More complex ideas that would only muddle the average first year's History of Magic essays. And there'd be so many holes. Because Dumbledore didn't tell Harry everything, and he didn't tell Ron and I everything, and we didn't tell anybody much of anything.So I guess it makes sense.Laying there, musing over the causes and effects of our current predicament, my thought turned towards him.Tom Riddle.Lord Voldemort.Harry explained some of it in their showdown, didn't he? But still, I wondered.Riddle was an orphan, abused and neglected... Like Harry. Powerful, charismatic, a leader, a Parseltongue...Like Harry.But... Wasn't it Professor Dumbledore who helped Harry? Gave him the Cloak, helped him fight Voldemort, offered him assistance and affection.But... From the sounds of it, Dumbledore, when he was Riddle's Transfiguration Professor, was almost cruel to him, and sought out reasons to give him trouble. He was right, of course, that Riddle would be Dark, but... Who was he to decide that?I couldn't imagine what it would be like to have someone you were supposed to trust, someone who brought you out of your miserable circumstances, and was to teach you the ways of something so beautiful... Believe that you were going to be evil, no matter what.As a Muggleborn, I got a lot of surprise from people when they saw how well I took to magic... But what must it be like to have people react with suspicion and even anger when you did something helpful, something good? Something selfless or kind?Had Tom Riddle tried to earn favor with his teachers and his peers honestly, and had Dumbledore shot him down? I could see that inspiring anger and resentment, and with Riddle being predisposed to violence and manipulation as the only way to survive in the Orphanage... Could that treatment of such a young, impressionable young boy have set him on that Dark path?Sure he had issues... But don't we all?I sighed... Tired by my train of thought. Thinking about the past - and not even my own - would get me nowhere, and all these 'what-if's would only drive me insane.I tried practicing some of the Occlumency tricks I read up on in Fifth Year to help Harry, but this time, I tried them against myself. To block my thoughts from myself.Maybe I could finally get some rest.As I finally felt myself relaxing, I also felt something else.A thick, slimy, sticky something grabbed hold of my ankle, and before I knew, I was underwater.A/N:Well, how's THAT for an intro, eh? Lovely cliffhanger, if I do say so myself.I hope this venture turns out well for all of us, and that I don't lose sight of the character's personalities.I deliberately let Hermione think herself to death (perhaps, LITERALLY?) for awhile.She's tired, confused, etc. Actual STUFF will HAPPEN later on.Hold my sweets, and wait for me! I will reward you generously! =DLove,Imogene19A/N: #2Also, NOTEMy chapters will most likely be significantly longer than this. Especially once I get a better idea of where she's going.Honestly, next chapter will be huge. This is just the set up for Hermione's latest adventure!You might not want to skim... Her thoughts are important to the construction of their relationship.Bye for real!
