Chapter 1  Diagon AlleyDraco Malfoy and his mother, Narcissa Malfoy, were strolling in Diagon Alley for Draco's second year equipment. Draco decided that he didn't need hardly any of anything in the place but a broom stick. He wanted to try out for Seeker in Quidditch. Only because his rival, Harry Potter, was and still is Seeker. However, Narcissa said that he should talk to his father about it, and the two proceeded to the book store to buy the spell and potions books required. Since Draco was placed into advanced classes, he was to get extra books along with the original second year standard copies. Draco headed to the upper floor of the bookshop to look into books other than school textbooks while his mother gathered up the textbooks.Draco browsed through fiction and non-fiction, even skimmed through some spell books, and picked up on some new magic, defensive and offensive. He was looking through a book about magical creatures when he heard cheers and camera puffs coming from the floor below him. He put the book back in it's rightful place, and headed for the railing at the edge of the loft of the second floor. Gilderoy Lockhart gestured to the crowd in front of him and a dark haired figure in his other arm. Draco contemplated on who that was for a long while. "Ladies and gentlemen!" Lockhart boomed to the crowd, the figure next to him winced away a bit at the volume. "When young Harry here walked into Flourish and Blotts this morning to purchase my autobiography, Magical Me," Lockhart started. Draco shifted his stance a bit at the name "Harry" and scowled at him. Harry Potter, waltzes into the book shop then gets his picture taken... Being treated like royalty... Draco thought, hate embedded within his mental words.Draco must have fell deep into hate filled thought because when he started paying attention again, Lockhart was in the middle of a new sentence. He proceeded to shove a large stack of books into Harry's arms, Lockhart flashed a toothy smile at the crowd, swooning the ladies, even Mrs. Weasley. "Free of charge," Lockhart ended in a charming tone. Draco scoffed and headed to the bottom of the steps and sat there, knowing his mother had already gone home to switch out with his father. Draco looked through another spell book that had very intriguing spells in it. He looked up from the book just in time to catch Harry, Ron, Ginny, and Hermione walking to the entrance. Draco ripped a page out of the book and shoved it in his pocket before stomping to the front of the group becoming a road block. He glared into Harry's eyes as the group halted. "Bet you loved that, didn't you, Potter?" He said with a menacing tone. "Famous Harry Potter can't even go into a bookshop without making the front page." He growled again, spitting out his p's. Ginny stepped up in front of Harry and glared daggers at Malfoy. "Leave him alone." She said with a deep authoritative voice. Draco bounced on the balls of his feet a bit and gave a slight smirk. "Oh look, got yourself a girlfriend!" He said in an almost singing voice, Harry stepped forward about to land one into Draco's face just as a silver snake head landed on Draco's shoulder and pulled him back a bit. "Now, now Draco. Play nicely," a light-hearted and almost sarcastic voice came from behind Draco. The boy turned around and looked up to be greeted by his father, Lucius Malfoy. Draco made a slight sigh and stepped aside for his father. Draco watched as his father and Potter exchanged conversation. But soon enough did he get bored, he pulled out the crumpled up spell page filled with useful spells. He examined them thoroughly for about six minutes before looking up from it and putting it back in his pocket. Lucius was scowling into Mr. Weasley's eyes at this point, "See you at work." He hissed, and gestured to Draco to follow him as he exited the building. Draco walked up to Harry now, and mimicked Lucius only replacing the word "work" with "school". He glanced around at the Weasley's and Granger, rose his eye brows a bit then walked out after Lucius.Draco sighed as he followed his father around. "Come now, what's with the excessive breath?" Lucius asked Draco over his shoulder, Draco shook his head, "It's nothing father..." He replied, and only after passing by the broom shop did he remember to ask Lucius about the broom. Lucius graciously agreed, and went ahead and paid for the whole Slytherin Quidditch team. Draco smirked at this, and was now content with his school shopping, even if there was still more to retrieve. Draco studied the spell sheet as his father bought the rest of Draco's things, then the two went back to Malfoy manor to get Draco ready to return to Hogwarts.
