Chapter 1: The BeginningHolding tight to her trolley completely weighed down by her new school supplies, Lily Potter took in the familiar surroundings of Kings Cross Station. She was used to the entire routine of taking her two older brothers to the train station, but this year was different. Instead of going home with her parents, she actually got to make the journey on the Hogwarts Express for her first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It seemed as though she had been waiting her whole life for this moment and now that it was finally here, she had to remember every single detail.Lily's brothers, James and Albus were a few paces in front of her, getting closer to the column between Platforms 9 and 10 by the second. James, a soon to be fourth year, was running circles around Albus as the latter continued to push his trolley and attempted to ignore the unwanted noise, as they both disappeared through the column. Albus, about to start his third year at Hogwarts, was the first of the Potter and Weasley families to be sorted into Slytherin, so although both families tended to hold a very large grudge against Slytherin as a whole, they decided to get over their assumptions, knowing Albus would succeed in any house. Everyone had done a pretty good job, excepting Uncle Ron, but Aunt Hermione was always there to keep him in check. Lily wasn't at all worried about where she would be placed because the night before she and her parents had had a long talk saying that whatever house she was placed in, she would do well because she was smart and resourceful.Her father caught up to her as they neared the column to take them to Platform 9 . He smiled and took hold of the trolley as they went through the column together. Even though she had done it three times previously, Lily was never able to get over the fear of not getting through to the Platform after hearing the story of how it happened to her father and Uncle Ron before their second year. Her mother followed close behind, pushing James's school supplies with her."James!" Ginny shouted. "You're fourteen years old, I don't understand why you can't push your own trolley. Even Lily is pushing hers by herself.""I've done this so many times already, Mum. The novelty has worn off." After seeing the look on his mother's face, he quickly ran back to her and took his trolley. He flipped his shaggy black hair out of his face. He had been letting it grow out over the summer, much to his mother's chagrin. She rolled her eyes then gave her eldest son a kiss, as he seemed eager to head off and find his friends. Before he could hurry off completely, his father caught him by his jacket hood and pulled him into a hug."Make sure to look after your brother and sister please," Harry said as he let James go."Yes, Dad." James said another quick goodbye, then ran off as he spotted one of his friends.Albus and Lily were standing next to each other trying to see if they could spot any of their cousins. After scanning for a few seconds, they saw three heads of trademark Weasley hair that belonged to Hugo, Rose, and Uncle Ron. Hugo spotted his cousins and took his mother by her arm, dragging her to where his favorite cousin was. Because Hugo and Lily were the youngest of the cousins, they were the best of friends. They had shared so many important moments together as well. They had even promised to open their Hogwarts letters at the same time, so the day that they came in the mail, they went to the Burrow to open them with Grandma Molly, mostly because they knew she would give them sweets."Lily! We finally get to go!" Hugo shouted as he grabbed his cousin in a hug."I know! Isn't it great? It feels like I'm still dreaming." She patted her cousin's bushy red mane, something she had been doing since they were small. Rose, who was also about to start her third year quickly began chatting with Albus about which electives they were going to take."I just wish I could take them all! But Mum told me I'm not allowed to choose Divination. She says it's not a practical class and that I would never use it in the real world," said Rose. Not unlike Albus, Rose hadn't been sorted into Gryffindor, but Ravenclaw. Nobody was surprised, considering how smart she was. In fact, many would say she inherited most of her personality from her mother."Now Rosie, listen here. If there's one piece of advice of your mother's that you actually follow, it would be to not take Divination. I don't think she's ever been more right about something before," Ron told his daughter, obviously remembering the horrible time he had had in that class.The train whistle blew, signaling for the students to hurry up and board the train before it left at eleven o'clock. Albus and Rose said goodbye to their parents and hurried off. Lily and Hugo stayed behind. After all the anticipation of finally getting to go to Hogwarts, they hadn't realized how hard it would be to leave their parents behind.Ginny pulled Lily into a long hug. When she finally let go, she helped her put her auburn hair in a ponytail so it wouldn't bother her on the train ride."Well then. It's time for you to go, Lily Luna. Make sure to write, because we both know your brothers won't. I want to hear all about your first week, especially what house you're sorted into. You'll love it, I promise.""I'll miss you, Mum," Lily said, trying to hold back her tears. Albus and James hadn't told her it would be so hard to say goodbye. She looked up at her father with her big brown eyes and pulled him in for a hug. He kissed her head, but didn't say anything, so as not to start crying himself. Before Lily could get any further, Ginny fixed her jumper one more time, then sent her on her way. She and Hugo ran hand in hand to board the train as the last whistle blew."Hugo! Don't forget to use your night cream!" Aunt Hermione called, as the train began to move. Hugo blushed, hoping not many people had heard his mother's outburst. They waved at their parents from the window as the Hogwarts Express moved out of sight of the station."Let's go find somewhere to sit," Hugo suggested, when their parents were finally gone from view.Many of the compartments were already full, so they decided to look for one or more of their relatives. The first one they spotted was James, but he was sitting with some blond girl and didn't seem as if he needed any extra company. When they had almost reached the back of the train, they ran into Albus who was with one of his friends.Lily had an inkling of who she thought this friend was. He had his blond hair slicked back, even though it probably would have looked better without any product in it. He looked at Lily with his grey eyes, then a few seconds later averted his eyes to the ground as she kept staring at him."Oh there you are. We were looking for you two," Albus told them. "Scorpius, this is my little sister Lily and my cousin Hugo. Lily and Hugo, this is my friend Scorpius Malfoy."So this was Scorpius Malfoy, Albus's fellow Slytherin and best mate. In Al's first few letters home, he had talked about how he and the Malfoy boy didn't really get along, but in their second year when they were paired with each other for Potions, they realized that they weren't so different after all."It's nice to meet you," Scorpius said, extending his hand and flashing a brilliantly white smile. Hugo shook first, with a very nervous grin on his face. Lily shook his hand as well, but only gave a small smile."There are some empty compartments further back, if that's what you were looking for. We're going to sit closer to the front," Albus said as he and Scorpius bid the two first years goodbye.Lily and Hugo followed Albus's advice and found a compartment that only had one other girl in it, Ruby McLaggen. She introduced herself quickly, but went back to reading her book."So that was Scorpius Malfoy," Hugo said quietly."Why do you say it like that?" Lily looked at her cousin with a confused look on her face."Well we've heard so much about him, it's just weird seeing him in person.""I still find it hard to believe that Albus would be friends with someone like that.""I don't think Al would be friends with someone who wasn't nice," Hugo assured Lily. After a short pause he added a quick question. "Do you think all of Al's friends are that fit?"...Scorpius Malfoy absolutely hated it when people stared at him. He didn't enjoy it because he felt as though others were judging him for things his family had done in the past. He tried very hard to be nothing like his family, but people were so quick to judge and lump every bad person from the War together. That's why Scorpius was glad to have found a friend in Albus. He didn't care about what had happened between their families and knew that it had nothing to do with them.As they were making their way back to the front of the train, after not finding anywhere they really wanted to sit, they ran into two first years who also happened to be Al's relatives."Oh there you are. We were looking for you two," Albus told them. "Scorpius, this is my little sister Lily and my cousin Hugo. Lily and Hugo, this is my friend Scorpius Malfoy.""It's nice to meet you." Scorpius extended his hand and waited for one of them to shake it. Hugo shook first. Scorpius noticed the weird look on his face, but didn't know what to make of it. Lily stared at him for a minute longer, then finally took his outstretched hand and half-smiled. For a moment nobody spoke and Scorpius decided it was best to look at the ground so long as Albus's little sister decided she wanted to have a staring contest."There are some empty compartments further back, if that's what you were looking for. We're going to sit closer to the front," Albus said, finally breaking the awkward silence. He ushered his friend away from his relatives as quickly as possible."Well that was awkward," Scorpius announced once they had found a place to sit."They're still kids. And they're nervous about interacting with people besides our family.""Yeah, but I'm sure your sister doesn't stare at just anyone like that. What have you said to make her dislike me already?""Don't worry about Lily, she stares at everyone like that. She looked at James and me like that for years when she was little. She's done it to everyone in our family actually, even Hugo for a while.""Do you see your extended family often?""Besides Hogwarts, yeah. Whenever we're home we always have family dinner twice a month at the Burrow. Grandma Molly insists, unless you have a damn good excuse for missing."Scorpius didn't know what to say to that. He envied Albus for his enormous family and the fact that they were all pretty close. He loved his parents dearly, and they loved him, but there were times when Scorpius was just incredibly lonely. He didn't like being an only child and not having much family still living. Maybe that's the reason he liked Albus so much. He just hoped he never did anything to mess it up.Although James and Albus had told her all about the Great Hall, she had no idea that it would be even more beautiful and grand than they had told her. As Neville, or Professor Longbottom as she was going to have to get used to calling him, led the first years into the Great Hall to be sorted, every single one of them stared up at the beautifully charmed ceiling. Hugo grabbed onto Lily's hand. Even though the setting was beautiful, he was still nervous about the sorting.Once they got to the front of the Great Hall, there laid the famed Sorting Hat on top of a rickety stool. Lily had no idea what words were coming out of Professor Longbottom's mouth, but figured they were something along the lines of the different houses. Then he started calling names. She didn't really start listening until he had called up Shirley Creevey. The small blond girl walked quickly up the steps to sit on the stool. The hat had barely touched her head before it shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!"The Gryffindor table shouted, ecstatic to welcome their new member. Lily zoned out once again, not really caring where anyone was placed until she had been."Potter, Lily!" Neville finally called out her name. She squeezed Hugo's hand one last time as he gave her a nervous smile and she hurried up the stairs. As she sat down on the stool, she looked out into the crowd to spot the members of her family who had already been sorted. At the Gryffindor table were James, Fred, and Roxanne. Louis and Rose were at the Ravenclaw table, Lucy was at the Hufflepuff table, and of course Albus was at the Slytherin table. He gave her a reassuring nod and a thumbs up as Neville put the Sorting Hat on her head."Well, well, well," the Sorting Hat said quietly. "The littlest Potter. Thank goodness, I've grown quite tired of your family. You're all the same. Well, not that brother of yours. More ambitious than the rest. You seem to be quite similar to him. And frankly, I'm tired of placing your family in Gryffindor, so better be SLYTHERIN!"The Slytherin table erupted in cheers as Lily jumped off the stool to join her brother, who made space on the bench next to him. Before Hugo was sorted, another girl named Isabelle Reynolds was sorted into Slytherin. She came and sat down next to Lily. Finally, Neville called Hugo's name and he walked up to the stool with the same nervous look that had been on his face all day.The Sorting Hat wasn't on his head for very long before it called out, "HUFFLEPUFF!" The Hufflepuffs cheered, as Hugo looked quite relieved and hurried over to Lucy, who welcomed him with a big hug. Lily thought to herself that the Sorting Hat had kept true to its word on not putting anymore of their family in Gryffindor. But as long as everyone was happy, that was all that really mattered to her. And Hugo finally looked excited for the first time since they had boarded the train and that made Lily excited. She was able to enjoy the start of term feast in good spirits...."I'm glad you're here Lily! You'll like Slytherin. The dormitories don't get super light in the morning, so I'm sure you'll appreciate that," Albus told her, filling his plate with more potatoes. He took a few more bites of his food and then continued to talk."And if you're ever in need of help with homework, Scorpius is really good at everything, especially Charms!" At the mention of his name, Scorpius perked up, then realized what had been offered. He kicked Albus under the table. What in the world had possessed his friend to tell a first year that he would tutor her whenever she needed it? That's not what friends were for.After the feast, once they had made it to their dormitory, Scorpius decided to question his friend about it."What the hell, Albus?""What? What did I do? I should be the one asking what the hell, since you kicked me at dinner!""Why would you tell your sister that I can give her help with her classes? I don't want to help people!""Scorpius, that's exactly the type of attitude that my entire family expects from you."Scorpius looked at his friend, not really sure what he was getting at. "What do you mean?""I want my family to see that you're not just another Malfoy or that you live up to the reasons they don't like your father. Because you're better than that and I thought maybe tutoring Lily would help. I just want them to like you, Scorpius."Scorpius knew that Albus was right. It was probably very hard for his family to accept that the two of them were friends, especially after everything their families had been through during the War. Although he wished they could see past all of that, he knew that it must be hard for them. And he didn't want to mess up what was probably the best friendship he had ever had."Alright! I'll help her when she needs it. But I'm doing it for you."Albus grinned and threw the sock he had just taken off at Scorpius for no apparent reason. Scorpius hadn't had many friends growing up, so even though it seemed like an odd thing to do, he took off one of his socks and threw it back. No, he thought to himself, normal people definitely don't do this.
