A/N This idea has been floating around in my head for a while. I always wondered how the gang got along between the end of the story and the epilogue, so here's my version. All the stories are connected but each chapter focuses on a different character. Harry finished stacking the dishes in the cupboard at The Burrow. He took great comfort in doing his chores the muggle way now. It hadn't even been a fortnight since the fateful events that transpired at Hogwarts. The echo of their fallen friends still hung in the air and Harry knew he wasn't the only one who was wracked with guilt."Harry dear," Molly poked her head in the window, "I can finish up in here.""It's alright," he told her. "I don't mind.""Well you're wasting time doing it the muggle way," she pulled out her wand to magic the dishes to their place. "I need the kitchen to prepare dinner."Harry was a bright boy. He took the hint and meandered into the hall where he found Ginny's door ajar. He peeked inside and found her sitting on her bed, Hermione opposite her. He tapped lightly on the oak door."Harry!" Hermione smiled at him. "We were just thinking of taking the brooms out and playing a quick game of Quidditch.""You, Quidditch?" he chuckled at his friend."We could all do with some cheering up," Ginny piped in. "Something to get our minds off of...everything.""I don't know how that will go over with your mum," he laughed. "She's already got dinner started.""She'll have our heads if we start a game now," Ginny sighed. "Maybe afterward."They all agreed to scrap the Quidditch talk and step out into the garden. Mum was expecting a few more faces at the table tonight so they set up outside. Harry fetched the dishes he had just cleaned and began placing them at the table they had conjured. Meanwhile Hermione busied herself picking flowers from the garden and Ginny searched for a pot to put them in.The table was nearly finished when Ron stepped out into the cool night air. He pulled out the deluminator Dumbledore had gifted him and opened it so a dozen fairy lights dangled over the table. Hermione's face lit up when she saw him."Where have you been?" she asked."I had to see a man about a car," he replied."You don't fool me," she scoffed. "You haven't even got a muggle driving permit.""Well, with the old Anglia lost in the forbidden forest," Ron explained, "I'm trying to convince dad to get another. He loved fixing up the last one.""Come inside you lot!" Molly shouted from the kitchen window.They dutifully followed her voice and each took a dish out to the table. Hermione charmed the serving platters to keep the food warm and Ron charmed the carafes to refill themselves. Slowly, the rest of their guests arrived. First George who poured himself a glass of Firewhiskey before even hugging is mother. Ginny noticed his eyes were puffy and she assumed he had been crying over Fred. She had offered to help him go through their flat but George insisted on doing it alone. The rest of the family respected his wishes.Shortly after Percy apparated into the living room. He wore a thick wool coat and looked to have arrived straight from his work at the ministry. He was followed by Neville and Luna who did their best to stagger their arrivals but were obviously coming from the same place. Ginny and Hermione exchanged glances when they noticed Luna's exceptionally tangled hair."Ginny dear," George handed her his empty glass, "fill me up?""Honestly George," his mother protested. "We haven't even had dinner yet."But she didn't stop him either. She knew George had taken to something stronger than butterbeer since losing his brother. She wished more than anything that he would return to The Burrow. It didn't do him any good staying in that empty flat by himself. Memories of Fred haunted the place. But what she didn't know was that memories of Fred haunted George wherever he went. He couldn't look in the mirror without being reminded of his best friend."Arthur!" Molly jumped up when she saw her husband."Sorry I'm late," he replied. "The ministry is still recovering. We have twice as much work to do and only half as many able bodies. But I've brought a friend.""Good evening Molly," Kingsley Shacklebolt flashed her a smile. "I hope you don't mind me interrupting your dinner.""Oh never," she gushed. "It's always a pleasure."With their party complete, Arthur and Shacklebolt took their seats. Molly served them eagerly and the group got to chatting. For the first time in years Percy and his brothers got on swimmingly. He was still the butt of all of George's jokes, but he secretly enjoyed feeling like part of the family again. Most of all, he missed his mother's cooking.Opposite the table, Ron and Hermione swapped longing glances. After enduring a massive threat to their lives, they had become inseparable. Hermione became interested in Quidditch and Ron even took to reading for fun. They didn't care anymore as long as they were together. But their love induced stupor was quickly interrupted when Shacklebolt cleared his throat."I have to admit," he told the table, "I had ulterior motives for accepting Arthur's invitation tonight. As you know, we are trying to restore the ministry, and as such I have a proposition for you.""Me?" Harry asked."All of you," the minister gestured toward the entire end of the table. "I know you're all planning to return to Hogwarts in the Fall, but I don't believe that will be necessary. It's rare to see wizards and witches of your ages using magic of such high caliber. I want to extend an offer to work in the auror department.""But what about our NEWTs?" Hermione asked."I think you've proven yourself a competent witch Miss Granger," he replied. "Of course, Hogwarts is always there. I am simply offering an alternative. You have a few days to decide. I'll expect your owls next Friday.""Thank you," Harry told him. "It would be an honor.""I should be going," Kingsley shook Harry's had. He tipped his hat to Molly. "Thanks for dinner."Molly flashed him a smile and the rest of the table watched him leave. The last trace of him was just a quiet pop. The rest of the table slowly stood up and cleared the dishes. Percy excused himself claiming he needed to be up early for work. After his seventh glass of Firewhiskey, George slipped out as well, but not before Molly made him take the Floo Network instead of apparating in his state.Once the kitchen was clean, they all went to their respective bedrooms. Harry and Ron had moved into Fred and George's old room. It didn't make sense to stay up in the attic all the time. As usual, Ginny shared her room with Hermione. They all tried as much as possible to be closer. After everything that had happened, they couldn't bear to lose each other.
