This will be a series of short stories based on several Tumblr posts about Muggleborns at Hogwarts. Unfortunately the compilation post that I found these in did not have the original posters for a number of them, but if you know who the original poster was, please let me know so I can give credit where it is due.If at all possible, I will throw in some ideas of my own, but most of the scenarios will be from the Tumblr compilation.As general rule, each 'chapter' will contain two or three Muggleborn stories. Very rarely will a single scenario take up an entire chapter.Thanks for reading, and I hope you all enjoy!From 'dick-jenga' and 'forgivensam'It was another normal day on the grounds of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Classes didn't meet on Sunday, so a number of the students had taken to lounging on the soft grass that rolled over the lawn at the school. Others had gathered in the hallways, enjoying the cooling breeze from the open windows without suffering the harsh sunlight. Unfortunately, some students had other plans for recreation than simply lying down in the sun."Check it out boys," a third-year Slytherin called out, flanked by other from his house. He pointed to a group of students that had gathered ahead of them. "All the Mudbloods got themselves together a formed a club!" The other Slytherins dissolved into laughter, some voting to simply snicker at the Muggleborn students.Other students nearby turned to pay attention to the impending confrontation as another Slytherin from the group called out, "How much of a Mudblood do you have to be to get in the Mudblood Club?"The laughter died down and the first boy that spoke turned to face his fellow Slytherin. "You idiot, that makes no sense!" he chided his classmate. "They don't have ranks of Mudblood! A Mudblood is just a Mudblood!"Finally one of the Muggleborns had gotten fed up with the constant name calling so he strode forward from where he and his friends had been standing peacefully. The green-clad students leered at the boy as he stopped short. He stared off the group for a few tense moments.STOMP STOMP CLAP!Without warning the boy stomped twice and clapped his hands.STOMP STOMP CLAP!The boy stomped and clapped once more. Recognizing the beat, others from the group of Muggleborns joined in, moving forward to join their friend. Needless to say the Slytherins were a bit unnerved at this strange turn of events.STOMP STOMP CLAP!After a half dozen Muggleborns had joined in, stomping and clapping, the boy that had first walked forward abruptly licked his hand and wiped it on the Slytherin leader's face before chanting "Got mud on your face, ya big disgrace, somebody better putcha back into your place!"Disgusted and confused, the Slytherin boy backed away. The Muggleborns that hadn't joined in before finally realized what was happening and immediately started stomping and clapping along with the others. Quickly, chants of "We will, we will rock you!" built up among the group.The Slytherins were entirely confused and very worried about what was going on. The Muggleborns starting stepping forward along with their stomps, continuously chanting. The remaining Slytherins turned around and ran away as a chrous of "We will, we will ROCK YOU!" filled the hallways.From 'fucksebastianstan'"Sorry I'm late guys, I almost got caught by a prefect!""It's alright Lisa, we just started."Lisa nodded and walked into the classroom. Gathered there was the entirety of the Muggleborn population at Hogwarts. In recent months it had become clear that the Muggleborns needed to band together to overcome some massive issues that plagued their kind within the walls of Hogwarts.There were some students from families with one magic parent and one Muggle, but very few from fully-magical families were in attendance. The problem that would be dealt with tonight did not concern them. It was something that Muggleborns all lived with at home but had no way to access at school. For some, it was what kept them sane during the long summer breaks.A sixth-year Muggleborn stood in front of the group and cleared his throat before speaking."So does anyone have any ideas on how we could get Wi-Fi working here?"From 'nerdymouse'"This charm will let you control a small amount of water," the professor explained. Charms had always been a favorite class for a lot of students. It was the class where you learned the things that didn't really help in day-to-day life but were still really cool to use. Moving water with your mind? That counted as awesome for quite a few students in the class that day.Suddenly one of the Muggleborn students in the class jumped onto his desk and brandished his wand, drawing up water from the flask on his desk. "Look at me, I'm a waterbender!""Mr. Lawson get down this instant!" the professor cried, amidst laughter from some of his students. "And what in Merlin's name is a waterbender?"
