Hello to all who read this, and welcome to Red! This is my first multi-chapter fanfiction, and I'll try to make updates as quick as I can. I don't really know what else I'm supposed to write here... Happy Civic Holiday to any of my fellow Canadians; I didn't even know there was a holiday today until this morning. I guess they just wanted a holiday in August? Also, Microsoft Word makes these chapters look quite a lot longer. I guess the chapters won't be very long in this story. Sorry about that! But look at it this way; the shorter the chapters, the shorter the wait between them! Anyway, enough of me rambling, onto the story!Disclaimer: As much as I'm sure that J. K. Rowling spends her time writing Dramione fanfiction, I am not her, and I do not own Harry Potter.Chapter 1Hermione Granger was sitting on her bed in the Burrow, triple-checking all of her bags. Today was September 1st, she was finally going back to Hogwarts, one of her favourite places on the planet. She could not be more excited.It had been a lovely summer. She and the Weasleys had thrown a surprise birthday party for Harry Potter, her best friend. She thought that Ronald Weasley, her other best friend was maybe starting to reciprocate her feelings. She had liked him since third year, at least, but whenever she dropped hints, he never seemed to get it."Merlin, Hermione, have you got enough books there?"That was Ginny Weasley, Ron's sister and probably Hermione's closest female friend. She and Ginny always shared a room at the Burrow.Hermione was rummaging through her bag, making sure she had all her necessary books and equipment. She was bringing even more books to school than normal, but she had the feeling this was going to be a big year.But Hermione was ready. Ready for whatever work her teachers threw at her. Ready for whatever she would have to do this year to help Harry on his quest to beat Voldemort. And most of all, Hermione was ready to start studying for her NEWTS, the big tests she'd have to take next year."Yes, Ginny. I need them all. You never know when you're going to need..." she trailed off, seeing a book she had left in her pile to leave behind. "Oh, maybe I should take this one too."Ginny snorted. "Well, hurry up anyway," she said. "We should go eat breakfast, and then we really need to get going."Hermione smiled. They were going back to Hogwarts!After saying farewell to Mr and Mrs Weasley at the train station, Hermione and her friends boarded the Hogwarts express. Hermione loved the feeling of stepping on the train every year. It was always so pretty, gleaming so brightly, and the first step was like boarding the plane after a long vacation. A bit disappointing the vacation was over, but so nice to finally be going home."Come on, let's find a compartment," Ron said."Yes," Hermione said. "But Ron, we need to go to the Prefect's Carriage first."Hermione and Ron were the Gryffindor Prefects in their year."Oh, come on!" Ron complained. "Can't we at least say hi to Neville and Luna first?"They quickly found the compartment Neville Longbottom and Luna Lovegood were sitting in."Neville! Luna!" Hermione cried."Hey, Hermione," Neville said. "Have a good summer?""Pretty good, you?""My gran was really pleased with what we did last year at the ministry." Neville smiled. "Says I remind her of my dad.""I had a good summer too," Luna said. "Father and I went on vacation to look for Snorkaks.""Find any?" Ron asked. Hermione could see his lips twitching."No," Luna said sadly. "Someday, though."After saying hello to their friends, Hermione and Ron left to go to the Prefect's Carriage. They ran into many of their classmates on the way."Hey, Dean, Seamus.""Off for some alone time?" Seamus grinned. "Are you two a couple, now, then?"Hermione blushed. "No, Seamus, no. We're going to the Prefects Carriage.""Ah," Seamus said. "Pity. Lavender will be pleased, mind you."Ron was confused. "Why would Lavender care?"Hermione quickly took Ron by the arm and began to lead him out of the carriage. "You know Lavender," she said. "Such a gossip."She wasn't sure how Ron hadn't realized Lavender had a massive crush on him, but then again, he hadn't noticed Hermione, either. In any case, Hermione was not about to enlighten him to Lavender's feelings. They said farewell to Dean and Seamus and went on their way.As soon as they opened the door to the Prefect's Carriage, a familiar drawl reached Hermione's ears."Well, if it isn't the Weasel King and his pet Mudblood," said Draco Malfoy. Hermione rolled her eyes. Way to put a damper in her spirits. But she would not let Malfoy put her in a bad mood. She would ignore him."Watch your language, Malfoy, or I'll-""Ron!" Hermione snapped. "You're only encouraging him by reacting.""But he called you a...""I know," Hermione said, "and I don't care. Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me. Muggle expression," she added at Ron's confused look. "Now let's go; we need to patrol.""Yeah," Malfoy said. "Get out of here Granger, we don't want you stinking up our carriage.""Oh, Malfoy," Hermione said. "Do shut up, won't you?"And she and Ron walked away.When they returned to their friends' compartment, Ron was still in a sour mood."Run in with Malfoy," Hermione explained. The others nodded sympathetically."Remember when we saw him at Diagon Alley?" Harry said. "I think he's up to something."As he explained the encounter to Neville and Luna, Hermione drifted out of the conversation. She was not in the mood to listen to Harry's suspicions; she instead looked out the window, watching the country side roll by.Soon, they would be there, at Hogwarts. The excitement bubbled up in Hermione's stomach. She couldn't wait. Despite the war she knew was looming on the horizon, Hermione couldn't shake the feeling that this year was going to be the best yet.
