Not just any spell. This is is a fic that has been rolling on my head for a little bit. It might not be perfect but that's what you readers are for. Feel free to review or leave me your ideas. Sorry for mistakes and I don't own anything of Harry potter. Bodies, everyone had seen plenty of them. Friends, family, and lovers. Lifeless bodies which had been grieved over or taken away. Still so many hours after the last battle and clean up was terribly slow. Allies to the cause slain but the one hurt more for a certain ginger hair teen. She lost someone who was always more to her inside that she had shown outside. She had a crush since she met the famous Harry potter. They even tried dating and took a break for his cause but this was different. She'd checked and double checked Tonks's body at least three times and nobody had yet to remove it so she was drawn back so often she had to get away. Leaving the spot beside Tonks was harder than anything she had felt. Harry was a speck of grief to how she felt right now. When Voldemort declared him dead it sent a pang of pain and loneliness. She hadn't yet know Tonks had died. Well Tonks and her husband; but then in that moment seeing Harry and hearing the words she was sure now that with Harry truly alive she'd be settling for being with him. It wouldn't be the same now her strong belief in a better life shattered as she leaned down brushing the stray wild hair from the cold forehead. She pressed her lips to the smooth soft skin and pushed herself off the ground. Walking away meant she was giving up but inside she'd always hope to see Tonks again one day.Nobody knew though except Lupin that Tonks couldn't die. She wasn't dead simply sleeping while her body healed. Though inside she knew she had to wake soon in fear of being disposed of but she couldn't. Healing a death curse was long and painful. Her body on fire. The only soothing relief she felt was just before she woke. She didn't know what it was but she knew it wasn't herself. A comfort that surrounded her every now and again full blown soothing starting from her head down. The feeling down her spine told her that her mate was close if not touching her. No she never told this to anyone her lover was Lupin but she knew her mate was someone else entirely. Her relationship was just that another relationship. In the recent years since her accident happened she knew that none would compare to her mate when she got her.Waiting she was always waiting. For her to grow up, for her to experience, for her to graduate, and now for herself to wake up. After the feeling of her mate being with her thankfully she began waking. Just in time as she felt the comfort leaving her. She had taken to long not that she ever knew how long it would take. She coughed, the dryness in her throat making it hard to call out. Again she couched and licked her lips. She was out long enough for her lips to crack and chap. After the second couch she groaned as she pushed her back off an uneven surface. Her eye adjusted quickly it was darker out than before. Her current noise got her mates attention for she heard the gasp and heart pounding reaction. She didn't want to frighten her yet nor did she want to continue her waiting game.Slowly Tonks reached over to her former lover. Dead, cold, and now at peace. He always hated his condition. Hated her wanting to be with him but it was simply because he was the only one she wanted to know at the moment about her condition. She let a small tear trail her face as condolence and respect for her feeling towards him. The father of her son. The only way she was ever to be given a son one special creature to another. He knew the moment they were cornered that she would live and he would not. Such a brave man but weak and fearful too. Always willing to run or let things end him. It was his disgust with his inner creature that caused that but truthfully he was strong and kind.After the passing moments with her husband she looked up to her mate and smiled because soon she could be whole. She married as binding of her family but really it may never have lasted as long as other had hoped. They both knew that it was just better that way. Looking into her mate's reddened eyes she growled inwardly at herself for the time it must have taken to heal. The anguish that many not just her mate must have felt believing her dead. She reached out in hopes of receiving help getting up.The ginger haired teen slowly step by step quickened her pace back to Tonks. Her brain screamed it wasn't real it couldn't be but just looking at the eyes she hoped with all her heart it was real. Once at her side again she touched her fingertips to the other woman's cheek. Cold but not more than how cold she usually felt. Tonks whispered out."Ginny thank goodness you're okay! Here help me up." Taking Ginny's hand as she made the request. Though it was simple enough Ginny couldn't help but gawk without movement. She looked from the hands holding to Tonks face."How?" Was the gingers first word followed by a stream of automatic things. "You must lay down. What happened you were dead? you was! For several hours now."Tonks blinks at the statement. 'Hours? Wow that really was a while.' She thinks. Fast thinking she keeps her whisper tone for only Ginny to hear. She can hear others starting to swarm around them. She needs Ginny to know the truth now. But for now she must lie to everyone else."I must tell you later, I'm fine now and what I'm gonna say to the others is not true. You understand?" Ginny is baffled but she nods that's when she notices that indeed there are others coming closer. Tonks feels Ginny stiffen in her grasp so she runs her thumb over the back of Ginny's knuckles letting her know it's ok. Few people surrounding her and Ginny are people she can't really name but eventually the crowd of surprised people who believed she was dead attracted many of the people she did know. Of them Molly was the first the see clearly. Gasping and almost fainting. If the situation wasn't so sensitive she would laugh.Arm flew around her from behind she tensed still having some pain but mainly in surprise. The voice and the shaky hands a crossed her front quickly verified that her smell was accurate. Andromeda her mother she held her in occupied hand to the once over her chest. She soothed the woman enough to turn and face her."How in the world nymphadora I swear I checked you over many times myself as did others. You...you were dead." The sobs erupted and lasted for minutes. All of which she waited calmly for her mother to calm down again to hear what she had to say. It was going to be a lie but it was one that had to be told."I was hit. I know the guy that hit Lupin threw a averda kadavera curse. I thought I was too I guess not. It was like a coma or deep sleep. Maybe it was I mistake spell I don't know mum but I'm here. I'm awake and alive." A moment in silence and Ginny dropped into her lap crying out that she can't believe she thought she was dead. Tonks wasn't sure if Ginny had taken what she said seriously even though said not to or if it was a cover to help her make it believable. Either way Tonks ran her fingers through her mates hair and smiled down at her. Tears welling up too as she felt sorry for having lied and make her mate suffer.She couldn't wait to see Ginny alone and tell her everything. She unfortunately had to spend sometime to grieve her late husband. Her body in the arms of two people she loved so dearly she found herself unable to contain her tears. Her pain let loose without her say so. Curling forward still holding her mothers hands she gave in to her emotions. She hated waiting but she knew she had to in respect for what lipid and her did have. She knew it was not right to rush. So she cried for her loss, for her suffering patience, and for her mate and mothers pain. Much of the crowd that had gathered mummers and made way to return to the tasks needed to be done. So far no one had questioned her explanation.Ginny though is laying in Tonks's lap can feel that Andi doesn't buy the story completely. She can feel her gaze. As she sneaks a peak around she can see only a few people are around now. Harry, Hermione, and Ron are in mid reaction and molly is breathing hand over her chest. Her father gently calming what appears to be a panic attack. Ginny would worry more if she were truly in pain but she just is shocked. This is when Ginny tells herself she won't leave Tonks side until she explains why she lied and what really happened as promised. She won't have her backing out if she left.After many a many 'my baby girl I thought I lost you' and 'I love you' she was able to get up and just like everyone else during the disaster that was this day she began helping best she could. She wasn't left alone though Ginny made it clear she wasn't leaving until they got there moment alone. After which she hoped she would still stay but her own personal life had to wait. She wasn't willing to give up her helpfulness in the situation just to appease herself.Ginny gave Tonks worried looks every time she went to lift something that looked to heaving. Every time she thought she heard a groan of discomfort or pain she rushed over to her to help. Not that she wanted to be obvious about her feelings but she couldn't help it. She didn't want Tonks to push it. Even with her mind puzzling over the way Tonks felt so cold and dead only for her to be perfectly fine. She wondered if at least the part tonk had mentioned about the spell that hit her not being killing curse was true if the rest about not know what spell it was or something else was the lie. Nothing else made much sense.Around three hours of thorough labour Ginny had enough waiting. Grabbing Tonks she gave her a pleading look and pulled her far away from anyone else. Rooms deep in the castle not touched with the destruction of the battle was where they ended up. Ginny grunted out a silencing spell and locked the door strongly. She gently glared at Tonks expectingly. The fear that lay underneath her sudden courage didn't go unnoticed. Tonks placed her hands on Ginny's shoulders trailed them down to her hands and held them between them."Ginny I never told anyone except Lupin this, you're the only one I wanted to tell but he could sense it. The reason you thought I was dead is cuz well I am. Eternally speaking I'm the undead. I thought it would take a little time to heal but not hours.""What are you talking about. Where you hit with a killing curse or not?" Ginny interrupted. Tonks shushed her nicely and pulled her closer."Yes I was hit with a curse but I can't die like that. There's only a few ways to kill me. I'm a vampire. Lupin was the only person I could share that with until you were ready. You will know everything soon just don't hate me for this." Ginny's eyes bulged but she still kept her hands in Tonks's. Unsure how to react having just about died herself thinking she lost the woman she loved. She wouldn't leave her but it was a lot to take in."When? How?" Was all she could manage."Back just a summer before I graduated, so 7 years. I was young adventurous, a little rebel, and reckless. I forgot my wand at home one night when I went to cheek out a neighborhood haunted house. I figured I couldn't use magic anyways but other than that I just thought it was just any empty house. Turns out it wasn't. This woman lived there she said. But she didn't like anyone knowing. I use to go back and speak to here I suppose I trusted her I never brought my wand. One night she told me I shouldn't keep coming lest I find danger. I didn't believe she'd hurt me and I guess she never would have if I didn't beg her to tell me more about her all the time.I grew to admire her independence and I asked her why she was alone all the time. She said it was safer not that I understood why. I think I messed up I tempted her and she shouted at me what she was. I was surprised but not scared, I was intrigued, and so I asked or begged her to show me more. One day I said I want to be like her and she blew. Her instinct kicked in she wanted to change me to breed but she kept asking If I was sure. I agreed she turned me and I realized why she was so scared of being around others. After that she left her things for me gave me tips and fled went to move on because she was disgusted with herself for changing me."Ginny mouth hung gaping it wasn't some ridiculous mission she got hurt on or childhood mishap like Lupin but willing. So many things she wanted to ask but couldn't word right. She felt a pull inside to let Tonks wrap her arms around her but resisted for now. Somewhere inside she thought about her future and how she could give herself willingly to tonk one day to live together forever. She shook the thought for now and thought a moment until a proper question or response came to mind."Why did you never tell your mum? How did you finish school isn't being a vampire all about drinking human blood?"Tonk thought back to all the times struggled. Refusing to cause trouble around her by feeding like normal. She had magic in Hogwarts so she used it; Conjured her so raw food from the kitchens or she made her way to the Forrest rarely. She made it thought the year will a lot of discretion she didn't want anyone to fear her. Her first time going for an auror job was interview after interview until one day they gave her a physical text all which she passed flying colors. She was smart before but usually she was clumsy as heck. She was to good for those that knew her. So over time she perfected being clumsy still yet really she was much more alert and agile.In the 6 years after schooling it wasn't until she met Lupin that someone found her out. Her sensed it and cornered her into explaining. It was his instinct to not be comfortable with her but at the same time neither of them could explain wanting to be together. Although Lupin made it ten times harder than it had to be with his excuses. She wouldn't have her son if he kept refusing her. Maybe it was that instinct in her that wanted a baby and knew he was the only way that wanted to be with him. One magical creature to another conception was possible other wise nothing ever could have given her her son. Tonks pulled back from her thoughts and told her everything.Everything short of Ginny being her mate. It wasn't I me and if she said something now she'd never let go to show respect for her loss. She held Ginny closer and kiss her forehead. Leaving her lips to hover over her skin the temptation was great. They stayed together for a while longer going over anything Ginny wanted. Tonks was willing to give her anything knowing she'd keep the secret safe. Ginny slowly looked up in to Tonks colorful eyes. At the moment they were purple and she wondered if she'd ever get to know her well enough to tell what it meant.Her eyes dropped from those wondrous purple eyes to the light pink thin lips that she had been wanting to kiss for ages. She may have had a crush on Harry but she knew the moment she met Tonks through her parents and eventually again with the order that it was love. Just one kiss she thought to herself bringing her lips closer to Tonks's. Neither could take it anymore and their lips fit together perfectly when Ginny closed the gap. The power that come with the kiss struck Tonks right in the groin. A pleasing sound escaped her lips captured into Ginny's mouth. Delicate hand clutched to the younger woman's hips, holding her close. On hand wrapped around to the small of her back while the other pressed into tender skin. Finally as Ginny moaned her joy they paused placing their foreheads together."Soon we can do that anytime for now though I have to deal with ramus he was someone I did love. Father of my son. You understand yes?" Ginny nod in agreement but Tonks can see the ache in her eyes. She's sorry about it but Molly would kill her if she thought Tonks was using Ginny as a rebound. Everyone would hate her if she wasn't going to take time before giving Ginny her heart or taking on another lover so soon. Lupin was a great friend to many admired and respected even more so by herself.Fighting the urge to kiss again they stayed in each other's arms just a little longer before finally rejoining the cleaning and medic care teams. Thankfully all the bodies and injured had been removed when they made their way back to where they abandoned their duties. It was just cleaning and repairs shifts had been set in place and Tonks was relieved from hogwarts. She was going to see her son after the long day she had that was almost all she needed.Almost.Hope you like first time with this pair and a vampire fic. Tips?review please.
