Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of the characters in the Harry Potter books or movies.Hermione Granger and the Marriage Law Revolution"They legalized rape!" The Daily Prophet from two days ago was slapped on the table in the private room in the Three Broomsticks with enough force to scare most of the wizarding fotos out of their frames. Compared to the volume of the comment that opened the meeting of the survivors of the Defense Association it was nothing though - Hermione Granger was riled up to a point not many had ever seen her at."The Wizengamot just made rape not only legal, but enforced by aurors!" she continued, before pausing, probably to control herself. At her side Harry Potter, hero of the second Blood War and Vanquisher of Voldemort, put a hand on her shoulder in support.Neville Longbottom, hero of Hogwarts, spoke up, though with more caution in his voice than one would expect from the man who stood up to Voldemort and beheaded Nagini with the Sword of Gryffindor. "Do you mean the Marriage Law the Wizengamot passed?""What else?" Hermione snarled. When Neville opened his mouth she cut him off. "Don't you dare to repeat their lies here. This law is not about saving the Wizarding World, it is about raping women!" She glared around the room. "They will force every girl here to have sex no matter her own wishes! That is rape no matter how you twist the words!"Again Neville was about to open his mouth, and again he was cut off. "A marriage will not be accepted as legal and valid until and unless the bride and groom have had sex." She waved a piece of parchment around. "If someone's not married before they reach 18, the Wizengamot will pick a partner for them. And aurors will enforce the marriage if needed."Hermione took a deep breath, and then continued at a lower volume, but with an even stronger passion. "And we all know how the Wizengamot works. How much do you think will it cost to get a girl? A few galleons for a muggleborn without friends in high places? How much to force the child of a rival into a marriage with an enemy? How much to force a muggleborn witch to become a broodmare in some pureblood household?" She looked at Ronald Weasley. "How much do you think Millicent Bulstrode will have to pay to rape a pureblood from a family with proven fertility like you?" Ron and a lot of the men present turned green at that.She looked at Neville, who had his arms around Hannah Abbot. "And do you think being engaged will keep you safe? How much do you think will Malfoy pay to get you or Hannah arrested to prevent a wedding, until either of you is 18 and can be married off? The law states that you can't marry someone in jail - no matter if convicted or not"Hermione raised her voice again. "And how long until not even marriage will keep you safe? How long until Nott decides he wants children from a pureblood woman who has proven to be fertile? If he can't murder her husband, why not simply change the law, and dissolve the marriage?"Hermione started to pace. "Not even a year ago the ministry was happily murdering muggleborns and halfbloods - all in the name of the law! And now they have legalized rape! They will not stop with their crimes against us unless we stop them. Now."18 years ago Harry defeated Voldemort for the first time, ending the first war. And yet as we all know most of Voldemort's deatheaters were not punished, left alone by a corrupt ministry and Wizengamot, growing in power until they started the next war and almost murdered everyone of us until Harry defeated him again. And again, most of those who helped Voldemort murder muggles and muggleborns are not being punished, and are already trying to run the country again!"She faced the room. "Do you want to be raped? Do you want to see Aurors drag your children off to be raped by some old Deatheater? Do you want to live under the power of such monsters as those who would pass such a law?"A loud "No!" from everyone present answered her."Will you let them drag us away to be raped? Will you let them rape our children?""NO!"For all their cunning and experience, the purebloods in the Wizengamot were just that - purebloods. Even their radicals were hide-bound conservatives by the standards of the real world, far too set in their ways to be able to understand, much less adapt to the advancements the 20th century had brought. Sure, they controlled the Daily Prophet, but they had no idea what real propaganda was. Muggleborns though did. And with most of the pureblood leaders of the "light side" either dead in the last war, or working for the same ministry and wizengamot that had passed the marriage law, they were, for the first time in history, able to use their knowledge to the full effect, and plan without being hindered by pureblood ideologies and traditions."Resist Rape!" flyers and posters were spread, anonymously at first, in Diagon Alley and Hogsmead, denouncing the Wizengamot members and anyone willing to follow their orders as rapists. Word spread among the muggleborn and halfblood survivors of the war. Their family and friends had been exterminated as if they were the vermin Voldemort's purebloods saw them as, and they were fed up and angry with the half-hearted attempts at justice other purebloods granted them. Wounds, barely healed, were ripped open as they realized what was happening - again. "Not again! Never again!" was whispered in their circles.Many of the so-called "light side" expected Harry Potter to give an interview in the Quibbler, to stop this law. And the Saviour of Magical Britain could have done so, so great was his fame and influence. But as Hermione had explained to him, in her usual logical and pedantic ways, it would not have solved anything in the long run. The Wizengamot would simply try again, and again, until gold and bigotry had won over his fame. Hermione, brilliant, but utterly ruthless if she deemed it necessary, didn't want to just stop the law, but eradicate the whole ideology behind the law. She wanted to crush and destroy Magical Britain's bigotry - even if she had to wipe out the purebloods to accomplish that. And after hours of passionate discussions, Harry Potter would be helping her.And so there was no interview by the boy-who-lived, no political pressure from the heroes of the war. Instead there were preparations in secret. Words were exchanged, spells taught, lessons learned. Flyers posted that called upon any ministry employee, any auror to abandon their posts, to refuse serving rapists and murderers. All while waiting for the right moment.That moment came when two aurors apparated to a small, cozy house in the English countryside, where Mandy Smith had ignored a summon by the Wizengamot. Mandy Smith was not famous, had not taken part in the war, and had no powerful family to protect her. The two aurors didn't expect any trouble - Mandy Smith's file stated she was shy, obedient, and likely would have been married already to a man of her parent's choice if not for those parents dying in the war. If the two aurors had been as smart as the average normal cop they might have wondered why a pureblood orphan hadn't already been taken care of by her extended family, but then, they were pureblood wizards, not used to question anything.So they were quite surprised when the door was opened by Hermione Granger. They might have started to understand that something more than the hero of the Second Blood War visiting Mandy Smith was going on had the seen the name on the doorbell change from Mandy Smith to Hermione Granger, but things started happening too fast for them to spot that."Can I help you?""Stupefy. Incarcerous."Hermione had barely opened the door when she was hit by a whispered stunner chained into an incarcerous - cast from behind the aurors. They whirled around but saw no one, not even the telltales of a disillusionment charm or a cloak of invisibility. Confused, one cast a shield and kept an eye out for the mysterious attacker while the other bent down to check on Hermione Granger."Hermione! NO!"Harry Potter stood there, in the house, wand ready. The cold expression on his face a marked and strange contrast with the anguished cry he had just uttered."Confringo!"The last thing the auror kneeling at Hermine's side saw was a cutting curse that cut straight through him and his partner.The news that aurors had attacked Hermione to drag her off to be married - raped - spread like wildfire. Wizarding pictures showing how she opened the door and was stunned and captured right away without any warning were on the next flyer to be distributed, as was a statement by Harry Potter, who had arrived just in time to save her. The message was clear - if the ministry and Wizengamot was willing to go after Hermione Granger, one of the heroes of the last war, best friend of Harry Potter and Ron Weasley (and possibly the fiance of one of them), then no one was safe. All the fears of the muggleborn and halfbloods, carefully cultivated for weeks, all the resentment, anger and hatred of those discriminated against due to their birth, all the desire for revenge and justice for the crimes committed in the war, was galvanized into a battle cry: Death to the Rapists!The ministry's claims that this was all a mistake, that no auror had gone after Hermione, were scoffed at while a mob gathered in Diagon Alley. The smarter aurors on site quickly fled, the smartest of them openly burning his robes and loudly stating that he would no longer follow the corrupt ministry. The dumber aurors tried to disperse the crowd, and were ripped apart.Then the mob, led by some members of the Defense Association who had been in the alley for shopping - and passing out flyers - started for the ministry and Wizengamot. By the time they reached it, anti-apparition wards had gone up around it, the floo had been shut down, and what aurors were present were left in confusion and disarray, trying to find out who had caused that. They stood no chance against a mob led and reinforced by veteran wizards and witches of the Defense Association. Only the arrival of Harry Potter and Hermione Granger - though after a number of Wizengamot members and ministry employees had been lynched already - prevented a bloodbath.Not that it helped the Wizengamot members much - it only delayed their fate. This was not a Glorious Revolution, this was a reenactment of the French Revolution. Those who voted for the marriage law were quickly interrogated with veritaserum to ferret out further crimes and then shoved through the Veil of Death. Then the Tribunals started. Any employee in the ministry was dosed with veritaserum, and interrogated about their role in the war. Everyone who supported Voldemort or his extermination of muggleborn was sent through the veil - and since Hermione Granger had prepared the questions, "support" was defined quite generously. Those not implicated were forced to swear a magical oath that prevented them from supporting any pureblood supremacy or hurting muggles or muggleborn unless in self-defense. As Hermione had prepared the wording, there were no loopholes in the oath that would allow anyone to "defend traditional lives" or such.For all their success though they had alienated many of their pureblood friends with their actions during the Marriage Law Revolution, as it was later called. The Weasleys were the most prominent of those who shunned Hermione and Harry. While they never asked if the pair would have executed Arthur Weasley, had he still been working for the ministry by the time of the revolution, they never forget that Kingsley Shacklebolt, the minister of magic and member of the Order of the Phoenix, had been executed for supporting rape. Fortunately Percy Weasley had realized what was to come, and had all but forced Arthur to resign with him, nominally in protest of the marriage law, before things escalated - an act that made him popular with both his family and the new regime, and the young bureaucrat quickly rose through the ranks during the reformation.Even without that uncertainty, that nagging question what would have happened to Arthur, hanging over them, the ruthless side both Hermione and Harry had revealed, the way they executed dozens of coworkers of Arthur "Who had just done their job" and the way they not only ignored, but actively erased traditions and customs that had been around for hundreds of years drove the pureblood family away. A family that shunned a relative for being a squib and an accountant could not cope with such changes. That the two in private also openly decried Dumbledore's ideology of sacrifice and forgiveness as useless and contributing to the mass-murder of muggleborn was the icing of the cake.The Tribunals took days even though each individual interrogation was often very short, and when they ended most of the pureblood aristocracy was wiped out and most of the survivors hunted or under oath. Hermione Granger had no opposition when she started the Reformation of Magical Britain as Minister of Magic. Originally she had picked a quite different name and acronym for her project, but Harry, Chief Warlock first of the Wizengamot, then later of the common house of the magical parliament, didn't want a repetition of the S.P.E.W. disaster, and intervened. It would not remain the only "name intervention", to the amusement of their friends. Hermione was quite annoyed that she couldn't point to "Mandy Smith" as an example - the only one, sadly - of a perfectly normal name she had picked without Harry's help since any parchment that had mentioned that name had been destroyed - by her own spells, no less - during the incident that sparked the Marriage Law Revolution.
