Quick note: I do not own Harry potter, Sorry for coping lots down from the book for the first two chapters. Like I said I own nothing about Harry Potter."Move along now." Said a sharp voice "The sorting ceremony is about to start."Professor McGonagall had returned. One by one the ghosts who were in the same room as the new first years at Hogwarts, had disappeared."Form a line" Professor McGonagall told the first years "And follow me."Now even more nervous, Harry got into line behind a sandy haired boy, Ron stood behind him. Professor McGonagall lead them out of the chamber and through the double doors that entered the great hall.Harry had never imagined such an strange and splendid place. It was lit with thousands and thousands of candles which floated in midair above four long tables, where the rest of the students were sitting. Glittering gold plates and goblets were set across every table. Misty ghosts were spread across the room, dotting the sea of black robes with blue. At the top of the hall was another table where the teachers sat. Professor McGonagall led them up there so they could be in a line and face the other students, with the teachers behind them.Trying not to make eye contact with the students he looked upwards and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars. He heard Hermione whisper "Its bewitched to look like the sky outside, I read it in Hogwarts, a history."Professor McGonagall had set down a four legged stool. A dusty old hat sat on top of the stool."This is the sorting hat." Professor McGonagall explained "I will call you up and you will place the hat on your head to sort you. While you are at Hogwarts, your house will be your family."At this point, Professor McGonagall unrolled a parchment of paper, which was tucked under her arm. Harry waited nervously in line with the rest of the new students.What if I'm in Slytherin? What if Ron and I are in different houses? Could we still be friends? These questions were asked over and over again in the eleven year old boy's mind."When I call your name please come up and put on the hat" Professor McGonagall said "Abbott, Hanna."A pink faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line and towards the hat. She put it on which fell over her eyes."Hufflepuff!" The hat cried. An eruption of claps came from the table on the right. She walked over to the table of her new house."Bones, Susan""Hufflepuff!""Boot, Terry""Ravenclaw!"The table second to the left clapped this time. Several Ravenclaws stood up to shake his hand."Brocklehurst, Mandy" went to Ravenclaw too. "Brown, Lavender" became the first Gryffindor and the table on the far left exploded with cheers. Harry could see Ron's brothers amongst the crowd.Harry began to feel sick. The same questions buzzed throughout his mind. He didn't think he would fit into any of these houses. Would the hat just sit there on his head until Professor McGonagall decides it was a mistake and he was sent back to the Dursleys? Great. Another question left to buzz in his mind."Granger, Hermione." Hermione practically ran to the stool and jammed the hat on her head. The hat waited for a minute then announced her as a"Gryffindor!"When Neville Longbottom was called he stumbled to the hat. "Gryffindor!" It announced."Malfoy, Draco" Malfoy swaggered up the stool. He barely put on the hat when it said "Slytherin!"What if Harry was a Slytherin? He would have to be in the same house of Malfoy. The same boy who had insulted Ron on the train and attempted to befriend him?"Potter, Harry"Harry snapped out of his trace. He slowly walked up to the stool."Did she say Harry Potter?""The Harry Potter?"Harry ignored these comments and walked up to the stool. The last thing he saw before the hat covered his eyes, were people cramming trying to get a good look at him. There was a silence for a moment."Hmm" said a small voice inside his ear. "Difficult. Very difficult. Plenty of courage, yes. Not a bad mind, either. There's Talent, my goodness, yes- and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that's interesting So where to put you Hmm Slytherin!"No. Harry thought why Slytherin? Harry removed the hat and walked towards the table which was clapping loudly. Clearly, the Slytherin house were ecstatic that they got the Harry Potter, who still didn't understand why he was so famous.Some of the students shook his hand and he let out a weak smile. A couple people chanted "We got Potter! We got Potter!" Harry reluctantly sat down across from Malfoy and his friends."Wanna be my friend now Potter? Weasley will most defiantly be put in Gryffindor with his blood traitor family" Malfoy smirked."Shut up!" Harry snapped."Weasley, Ronald" Ron looked pale by now. Harry sighed as he watched his friend (could the still be friends?) put on the hat. He would cross his fingers for them to be in the same house but it was useless.As Malfoy said Ron was placed in Gryffindor. Their gazes meet for a second. Harry gave Ron a weak smile, as did Ron.
