Disclaimer: Everything Harry Potter is owned by JK Rowling. Author's Note: I have permission from Winger-Hawk to use some of her ideas. Her story is called Serendipity. So go and check that out.Author's Note: I am Handicapped so please bare that in mind if my spelling is off. I use spell checker.Author's Note: I am Dragons_Twilight1992 trying something new.IntroductionSnape awakes from a coma nearly two months after the final battle to a world in which Voldemort is gone. He ends up de-aging himself and erasing his memories. He is now 10 days old. Harry and Ginny find him. And the other children Harry and Ginny help. Harry and Ginny have many secrets. Will they get a life they all deserve? Will they all be a real family? Will they always be together?Author's Note: Regulus, Cedric, Sirius, Remus, Tonks, Ted, Fred, Dumbledore, Dobby are still alive in this story. And Frank and Alice are not insane.Chapter .1.July 9th 1998Harry was with Ginny by the lake at Hogwarts. They were together again."Ginny I want an honest relationship with us. But I don't know how to tell you some things", Harry says casting a wandless spell on the area that nobody could over hear them"I want an honest relationship too. I have my own secrets to tell. Wait here and I will be back in a moment", Ginny says disappearing and re-appearing with a baby"She is beautiful", Harry says, "Who is she?""I was caught outside the wards of the Burrow in June. I was rapped. No one knew but me. I can't remember which Death Eater did it. But I found myself giving birth to her in on March 1st this year. No one knows only you. I couldn't give her away", Ginny says tears in her eyesHarry pulls both of them into a hug. He thought breaking up would protect Ginny. He should have been there."It is ok. She is beautiful. What did you name her?" Harry asks looking at the 4 mouth old"Linnaea Grace Weasley", Ginny says"Ginny I will ALWAYS protect you and our children. That includes little Linnaea", Harry says kissing Ginny's tears away, "Where have you been hiding her?""With a muggle family. I used memory charms and when I was carrying Linnaea I used glamours and spells I read about to protect my baby from all the dark magic. I am glad she looks like me. It was hard doing it be myself but I had too. Something inside me told me to keep it a secret. Now you know I am marked", Ginny says"I am marked too Gin. I will tell you my story. All my life really I have been a runaway. Vernon beat me all the time even broke my back at one stage. I magically healed myself each Summer before going back to school. Dumbledore said I had to stay their because of the blood wards but I found out that my mother Lily was not Azure Evans daughter. She was Bellatrix's half/sister. When I found out I confronted Bellatrix when we were in the Ministry. I felt her aura was different SOMEONE was controlling her. With the power of my will I realised her from the person controlling her. She told me she didn't believe in the Pure-Blood life. That she had a Muggle lover that she would have married if it hadn't been for the curse. When I felt Voldemort coming I told her to run. She did. She became my safe haven she bought a house near where Petunia and Vernon lived. Bellatrix was the one with the REAL blood wards. I stayed with her when I could. I have been Sexually, Mentally, and Physically abused as a child. She helped me see someone. During the war I had a very hard time when we were running through the Ministry with the locket Horcrux I was hit with a spell in my left leg. I used my will to trap it in my leg. Over the months in took its toll on me. And Ron and Hermione saying I didn't have much of a plan. Well I was tired and when for a walk. Greyback found me. We faced off and I killed him Gin! I killed him", Harry saysGinny hugs Harry with Linnaea still in her arms."He was a monster Harry. Remember what he did to everyone. You have given them justice", Ginny says"Here are the scars", Harry says opening his top and dropping the glamourGinny traces the red scars the lead up to his neck."What about your leg?" Ginny asks"I have managed to get rid of the curse I think. But my leg will never be the same again. I am using the power of WILL and strength potions to stand without a cane. Only you, me and Aunt Bella knows all this", Harry says"Looks like we both have skeletons in our closets", Ginny says"I am very lucky to have you. And I promise I will take care of Linnaea as my own. But I know if you couldn't let me I have been abused..", Harry starts"Harry I trust you. You will never raise a hand to a child. You have a big heart my love. And love magic is said to be the most powerful of all", Ginny says leaning against his chest with Linnaea in her armsHarry wraps his arms around both of them and Linnaea coo's. Harry smiles down at the baby. Anything that was part Ginny's was wonderful...July 10th 1998Harry and Ginny were making their way up to the hospital wing to see Madam Pomfrey. They wanted to know how Professor Snape was doing. Since he had saved Harry's life over and over again. Linnaea was with Harry's Aunt Bellatrix. Ginny saw what Harry meant when she met Bellatrix her aura was good. They talked and Bellatrix told Ginny she could lean on her if she wanted.When they got to the infirmary they heard the sound of a baby crying."Madam Pomfrey?" Harry callsThere was no answer. Both of them followed the sound of the crying to find a baby in Madam Pomfrey's store room."Hello little one where did you come from?" Ginny asks scooping the baby up gently supporting the babies head, like she did with her own child"Ginny this is a bottle of de-ageing potion", Harry says looking at the bottle on the floor"Who do you think he is?" Ginny asks rocking the babyThe baby's cries quickly quieten down. The baby had black hair and dark blue eyes."It's Snape. His bed is empty", Harry says"Can we turn him back?" Ginny asks"No. Says here it is permeate. And that it erases memories", Harry says"How old is he?" Ginny asksHarry quickly runs a scan."He is only 10 days old", Harry says"What do we do? Do we go to Professor Dumbledore? Or anyone from the Order?" Ginny asksHarry looks at the baby and he already felt a connection to him. Like he did with Linnaea."No. He has already done enough damage. I think we should take him away. Most the Order hates him even if he paid the price for being a spy", Harry saysGinny looks at the baby feeling a connection too."Where too?" Ginny asks"Godric's Hollow. There is 1,500 acres of land I have acquired there next to the village as well as my parents house which has glamours to look re-build when it is not. There are places to live. We can live there to we get this situation sorted. I have put up strong wards so he will be safe there", Harry suggests, "Do you want to come with me? We can't tell anyone about this yet. We will pick up my Aunt and Linnaea. I don't think it is safe where they are""I will come with you. I can't leave him. But we must get baby supplies. I need some for Linnaea too", Ginny says rocking the baby"Let's go to Diagon Ally. We can glamour ourselves and get what we need. I need potion ingredients", Harry says"Let's call him Sam until we get to Godric's Hollow", Ginny suggests"Great Idea", Harry saysThey quickly glamour their selves and the baby. And they quickly get out of Hogwarts without anyone seeing them. That was a miracle in itself. They pick up Bellatrix and Linnaea. Bellatrix was quickly filled in on the story. And agreed it was the best idea.They quickly head to Gringotts and withdraw a lot of money before heading to Alkyds and Moore. A baby shop."You hold Sam while I have a look around. Aunt Bell will you come with me?", Ginny says handing him the baby and Linnaea in her carrier"Hello little guy. Don't worry we will take care of you", Harry says kissing the baby's head he checks Linnaea who was asleep in her carrier."What colour double pram do you want?" Ginny asks looking at prams with Bellatrix's help"How about the the moon and sun one?" Harry asks"Perfect. We also need a carrier", Ginny says"Miss I will hold your stuff until you are done if you like?" the shopkeeper asks"That would he great thanks", Ginny replies smiling handing him the pram and the carrier"What type crib do you think?" Harry asks"I think the Quidditch one", Ginny says"With the Snitches, Quffles and Bludgers hanging around the top", Harry adds"I think for Linnaea the Unicorn and Pegasus crib", Ginny says"Dark or light wood?" the shop keeper asks"Dark wood. And dark wood for the 2 chests of draws and the 2 rocking chairs", Ginny replies"With the gold trimming", Harry adds"Now what type of toys?" Ginny asks"How about the snake? Do you like the snake Sam?" Harry asksBut the sight of the snake makes to infant begin to cry."I guess that is a no", Harry says, "Must still somewhere know a snake tried to kill him""How about the lion cub and the wolf cub?" Ginny asks"Yes them. What about the black dog?", Harry asks"Yes", Ginny saysThey soon pick out a lot of toys and put them on the counter. Harry had spotted a walker and Linnaea will need one soon so he put it with the stuff they were going to buy."What colour blankets?" Harry ask"What about red, black, green, purple, blue, white, aqua, blue-green, bright lavender, carmine red, cyan, electric green, ferrari red, heliotrope?" Ginny replies and picking up many more colours for Linnaea too"Prefect. Should we do that with the clothes as well?" Harry asks"Yes i think so" Ginny replies"You are going to be a very spolit baby. You and Linnaea", Harry says kissing Severus's headThey spend the next hour in the shop (And one nappy change for Linnaea) collecting a cribs with a matress, a changing tables, chests of draws, a rocking chairs, stuffed toys (Lion cub, Wolf cub, black dog, a Stag, a Doe, a baby Ravan, Elephant, Cheetah Cub, a Penguin, a Whale, a Seal, an Owl, a Frog, a Cat, a blue teddy bear and a brown teddy bear), bottles, baby formula, binky's, blankets, baby soap, shampoo, a high chair, clothes (Lots of clothes), Baby Mobile (To hang above crib), Baby monitor, changing table, diapers, diaper wipes, diaper cream, changing mat, bed sheets, baby bathtub, towels, nightlight, a play pen, a baby Thermometer,a nursing pillow, bibs, burp clothes, a slings, and a diaper bags."Do you think we have everything?" Ginny asks worried"I think we do. But we must go to Flourish & Blotts to get parenting books", Harry says holding Severus close"Good idea", Ginny says"How much?" Harry asks the shop keeper"938 Galleons, 29 sickles and 10 knuts", the Shop keeper says"Here you go", Harry says handing over the moneyThey quickly shrink all of their purchases. Except the sling. Ginny quickly puts on the sling and gently places Linnaea in it. Harry puts on the sling and puts Severus in it. With the help of his Aunt who insisted on buying some things"Ok next stop Flourish & Blotts", Harry says making their way up the street"Do you think we are doing the right thing?" Ginny asks quietly"Yes. I saw his life. We are doing the right thing", Harry saysThey spend half an hour in there buying their books."Let's purchase these books and let's get going", Ginny says quickly taking the books up to the counter"That will be 50 galleons, and 10 sickles", the store keeper saysHarry quickly hands over the money and they make their way to the Apothecary."You two wait out here and I will be right back", Harry says kissing Ginny's lips and handing Severus to his Aunt who gently holds the baby.Harry needed ingredints for the Wolfbane potion and the muscle strenghten, Pain potion, Blood-Replenishing Potion, Calming Draught, cough potion, fever reducer, kids flu potion, Pepper-up Potion, Veritaserum. Now with his leg he had to take strenghten 3 times a day otherwise he will be on a cane. Ginny knows this of course and made sure he took his potion. Soon enough Harry was out 15 minutes later with a lot of potion ingredients."Ok. Let's go to our new home", Harry saysGinny wraps her arms around Linnaea and Harry wraps an arm around Ginny's waist and the other around his Aunt's who had Severus and they apparate to Godric's Hollow.Severus and Linnaea begin crying as soon as they arrive."Shh love it's alright", Ginny cooed rocking her back in forwardHarry was calming down Severus."I know where we are", Bellatrix says"Welcome to 28 Godric's Hollow otherwise known as the Lion's Den", Harry says as soon as they calm Severus down"It is a Mansion, Harry!" Ginny says"Yes. I have 1,500 aches of it. I have been working on 15 Mansions with 100 acres a Mansion. We are the closest to town and the one across from us", Harry says"It's lovely. I will have a big garden. Severus and Linnaea will have lots of room to play. What about the Muggle's?", Ginny says looking around"I know. The Muggle's all think these mansion's have been here for years. I magically added them to the village map. I was thinking about giving one to Remus and Tonks. That was until Severus and Linnaea came along", Harry explains"I think we should tell them. Just them. They have Teddy and they can help us out with Severus and Linnaea", Ginny says"I will think about it. Let's get inside", Harry says leading them inside"We need furniture", Ginny says looking around"I know. Maybe soon we can go shopping for some of the hundreds of furniture we need. The kitchen is fully stocked however. I expanded this place when I renovated. I used Arithmacy and Ancient Runes to create wizarding space. So it looks bigger on the inside then on the outside. The basement is a potion lab, storage area and elf sleeping quarters. As well as the laundry. The Basement is also a play area with soft grass and trees. It is like a backyard down there. The Sixth Floor has 20 rooms, There are four master bedrooms and the two nursery's are five the other 14 are spare rooms. The four master bedrooms have a bathroom and Spa attached herwise there is three other bathrooms on that level. The fifth floor has 20 bedrooms. The fourth floor has 20 rooms. The third floor has 16 rooms too. Second floor has 20 rooms. There is also two closets on that floor they are really big. The first floor has 20 rooms and each room has its own bathroom otherwise there is two spare bathrooms on each floor", Harry explains, "My office is on the ground floor, there is room for an office for you as well, this is a play room, five story library that we need to fill up with books I used wizarding space in there to fix at least 500,000 books. We have a massive living room with built in floo connected to my parents ruined house, big dining room and a big can design how you like all of it I am still it the modelling stage. There is a total of 116 bedrooms. We also have a hot tub out back. I find it works wonders on the damage the Dursley's and the curse did", Harry says"When did you learn Arithmacy and Ancient Runes?" Ginny asks"I studyed them in my spare time. Ron and Hermonie never knew. I also learnt Ancient Magic, Muggle Studies, History and I also learnt some languages. That was when they left me in the search for the Horcruxs. I also learnt warding, curse breaking, Occlumency, Legilimency and wandless magic", Harry replies with a shrug"Can you teach me Ancient Magic? Occlumency, Wandless Magic, Warding and some Languages" Ginny asks"Sure. It is really simple once you get the hang of it", Harry replies"What does it look like to muggles from the outside?" Ginny asks"With the wards I have set they see a manor not mansion. Like a big muggle farm. Only you, me, Remus, Tonks, Teddy, Linnaea, and Severus are keyed into the wards", Harry says"Have you fixed the nursery's?" Ginny asks"Yes. Let's get this little guy settled and Linnaea settled. Aunt Bella your room is on the 6th floor just follow us", Harry says"You hide your intelligence at school", Ginny says softly"Yeh at the Dursley's if I got better grades then Dudley they would punish me. They call it an ingrown behaviour. Only Aunt Bella, George, Fred, Remus and Tonks know but you. Hermione and Ron would be jealous if they knew my IQ", Harry says softly"Well they shouldn't tell me", Ginny says kissing him softlyGinny was going to give them a few curses next time. They were holding Harry back at school. They should have helped him out of that habit. She would have to work on it."180. I have photographic memory. I am a skilled Will Wizard and Enchanter. When I decided to try and show my skills in Potions in 6th year. Hermione got angry. So I am better off hiding it", Harry says"Don't hide it from me love. Let it out. Don't hide it anymore show them the real Harry Potter. Those two seriously need to be taught a lesson", Ginny says"They are still my friends. Even if you, Draco, Neville, Luna, Fred, George, Dean, Susan, Seamus and Lavender are more friends then they are and a few others", Harry revealsThey get to the sixth floor and Harry shows his Aunt her room then talking them down to the two nursery's."This is the girls nursery", Harry says"It is beautiful", Ginny saysIt was pink with silver unicorns, fairies around on the walls."What do you think baby girl?" Ginny asks the 4-month-old"Coo", Linnaea says eyes widening at the pretty roomGinny puts her in her crib and set things up before they more to Severus's nursery."This is the boys nursery", Harry says"It is gorgeous. Big too", Ginny saysIt was blue and had golden snitches around the ceiling."It is so the baby can keep it as it grows older. There are other rooms for Nursery's there two are the first one. I kind of winged it. I didn't know we were going to have babies so soon I am still working on it", Harry says"It is fine how it is. Now lets get to work and get Sev in his crib", Ginny says kissing HarryAuthor's Note: What do you think? Please review and i'll update as soon as possible:)
