A/N: Yay! I've completed my first assignment for the Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry! This will be a series of oneshots inspired by prompts I get from my various Professors. Enjoy!Disclaimer: I'm still a student, how could I own any of this?!The Weasley Twins, also known as Gred and Forge Weasley, were bored. Usually, when the twins had free-time, they were researching and pulling pranks, or making plans for Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. Today, however, they were at a loss. They had just taken their OWLS, and it was too late in the school year to plan any decent pranks, so naturally, they were wandering the grounds, searching for something to do."Oi, Forge.""Yes Gred?""You want to go mess with the Whomping Willow?" He asked. "We haven't done that in a while""Okay, let's go- What the heck?"Is that a Grim?""And is it dragging our ickle brother towards the Whomping Willow?""Hmm should we go after it?""Probably. Mum would kill us if we let Ron get turned into bangers and mash by a tree.""Yeah, that's true So, Grim chasing it is?""Indeed Gred. Onward!" The twins made it to the Willow just in time to see Ron's friends, Harry and Hermione, somehow freeze the tree and disappear into a hole at its base. They looked at each other and shrugged before running in after them.They followed the dark tunnel until they found a trap door. They opened it and found themselves inside of a shack. Ron's voice came out from the next room. "No, no, he's an animagus! He's come for you Harry!""Who's an animagus, Ronald?" Hermione asked."That would be me." An person whose voice they didn't recognize said."You bastard!" Harry's voice yelled right before a scuffling noise and a loud crack sounded."It wasn't you, was it? You must have switched without telling anyone." Came the voice of Professor Lupin. "Can you forgive me?""You're his friend!" Harry yelled, sounding outraged. "You've been helping him this entire time!""No, Harry, I haven't, but I wish I had been." Then there was a very long explanation about how the mystery man hadn't done it and how he and someone named Peter Pettigrew switched something.When it was all said and done, Fred turned to George. "What do you think, Forge? Is it time to make our presence known?" He stage whispered with a grin."Why, yes Gred, that sounds like a smashing idea!" And with that they ran in and attacked."Harry, my man it's simply smashing to see you!" They cried, shaking his hand vigorously before doing the same to everyone in the vicinity except for Ron. He was their ickle brother, so it was their sacred duty to ignore him."Absolutely corking to see you as well, Professor Lupin!""And Miss Granger, I must say it's bloody brilliant to see our favorite witch-""Well, our favorite witch who doesn't play Quidditch.""And Sirius Black?!" The twins gaped for a moment before realizing a) that he must be the guy who was innocent, and b) that they had stopped; so they continued."Mr. Black! It's positively fantastic to make your acquaintance!""I do believe that we've only met one accused murderer before!""And that would be our-""Ickle Harrykins here!" Twin #2 finished while they ruffled Harry's hair."Oi, I'm not a murderer!""What else would you call what you did to the Dark Tosser?""Also known as You-No-Poo-""Or He-Whose-Name-Is-So-Terribly-Embarrassing-That-He-Changed-It?""You-Know-Who changed his name?" Ron asked.The twins grinned again and continued. "Of course. We looked up You-No-Poo as both the given and the surname in the school records-""Yet there were no students with that name. Though we did find out that it literally means 'flight of death' in French.""But enough with the History lesson.""Let's get down to business!""So where is this supposed animagus?""How long were you two standing outside of the door?" Sirius asked amusedly."Ever since Ron started crying about an animagus."Sirius laughed "I like them.""We know how hard it is-""Not to bask in our presence-""But please, Siri-kins-""Control yourself!""Moony, I think that we've just found the next generation of Marauders- ACK!" He was interrupted by the twins tackling him to the ground. It was a rather compromising position, the twins were somehow both straddling him, while one of them was pulling on his tie to look into his eyes."How do you know about the Marauders?""Could you please get off of me? I'm flattered, but you're a little young for me. And the better question would be how do you know about the Marauders? I am a Marauder. I'm Padfoot, and my friend over there is Moony, Harry's father was Prongs, and the rat bastard is Wormtail.""You cannot be serious!""How do we know-""That you aren't messing with us?""I'm always Sirius! And to prove it, I solemnly swear that I am up to no good until my mischief is managed."They quickly got off of him and made a big show of brushing off any and all dirt that they could find on him before getting on their knees and pleading. "Teach us your ways, oh wise one!"***4 months Later***It had been four months since the whole Wormtail fiasco, and Sirius had been freed. It had been close, had the twins not reminded him of Moony's transformation, he would probably still be on the run. But, they had, so now he had taken over as DADA teacher, while Remus was the new History of Magic teacher.All had been going well, and now that the champions had been selected for the Triwizard Tournament without a hitch, he and his godson could finally relax- "Harry Potter!"Sirius had one thought when Harry's name came out of the Goblet. "Oh, shit."A/N: I had a bit of trouble trying to figure out how to end this one. Please R&R;, but for now, bye!
