Owe this one a bit of explaining, I suppose. So, after years of denying me the pleasure that is the HP books, my mother has finally given in. It's been two weeks, and I just finished Prisoner of Azkaban on Sunday. Whilst waiting for my dearest mother to finish Goblet of Fire so I can read it, I decided to write some random crap regarding Snape and an OC.Just so you know, this story starts during Harry's first year, and revolves around a Gryffindor student the same age as him. He hardly makes an appearance, but I'm sure he will eventually. It will move along with the series, eventually getting through all the books. I'm releasing the two (really short) chapters I just wrote in the span of twenty minutes right now, so you'll have about 1,000 words of this fic before I have school catching up to do. So, without further ado... enjoy!Oh, one last thing! THIS FAN FICTION CONTAINS SPOILERS FOR THE BOOKS! PRETTY MUCH A NO-BRAINER, BUT JUST THOUGHT YOU SHOULD KNOW!Skye Nightvale, first year, silently crept out of her room and back through the painting. Her footsteps made almost no noise as she made her way down the wide hallways of Hogwarts. She breathed a sigh of relief, thinking she had made it. But then, suddenly"What are you doing out of bed?"She whirled around, and came face-to-face with the one professor she hoped wouldn't catch her: Severus Snape. "Oh!" She scrambled backwards, running into the wall and dropping her wand in the process."Don't be so loud," He warned. "You're going to wake the whole school." He swept her wand off of the ground, and muttered a spell. She looked down, and saw her body slowly turn visible once more."P- Professor! I'm so sorry! I- I was having trouble sleeping, so I came out here. It's nice and quiet, and I was going to go back after I got tired! I swear! That's not against the rules, is it?" The words tumbled out hurriedly.Snape's mouth twitched at the corner, and she assumed he was very annoyed. "Calm down," He finally said. "It's not against the rules, at least, not that I know of."She let out the breath she had apparently been holding. "Thank you, sir!""Come over here," He gestured for her to follow. They both stepped into the light streaming in from a high window. He looked her up and down. "Hm this is most disturbing"Her heart began to beat faster. What did he see?He stopped. "I'm sorry, I don't recall you from my class. You are?""Um, S- Skye N- N- Nightvale, s- sir"He nodded. "Well then, Miss Nightvale, care to explain how you were able to walk about invisible?"
