This story is dedicated to my good friend and co-author, Prongs. xoxoI want to warn beforehand there is A LOT of horrible things that happen to the girls in this story. In NO WAY do I (and co-author Prongs) mean to demean or enforce the behavior toward the characters (who belong solely to JK Rowling), nor do I want them to be abused the way they are in the story. It is unacceptable the way they are treated and described, however, a crucial part of the story and I apologize for any strong feelings I get from this because if anything, I'd feel the same way. Thank you for reading.~MoonyOne week before End of Sixth YearWe start the scene with Lily Evans walking into Transfiguration, hands bulging full of books and sweat gleaming on her red and puffy face. Panting like she had been running across the castle (which was not entirely false), she finally makes her way to her seat, a sigh of relief escaping her lips as she makes to sit down.Too late.James Matthew Potter stuck a single flawless foot out and Lily, caught up in her rush to get to her seat, stumbles and falls over face-first, the train-wreck of a collapse moving in slow-motion, onto the floor below her. Jane Anne Mackenzie watches in horror, as her best friend and fellow Gryffindor classmate hits the floor with a loud "whoosh" while books and parchment tumbles out of her hands and onto the floor.Maybe its about time for an explanation. Rewind, please.Okay, heres the lowdown. Let's start with Lily Marie Evans shall we?Stubby little Marie Evans here is ugly. She is really, really ugly. If she were to be compared to a magical creature, it most definitely be a troll. If she were to be compared to a muggle creature, she'd be the stereotypical "ugly betty". Her face was crusty and was lined all over with pock-marks, scratches, red and irritated bumps and acne that oozed all along the hairline and her forehead. Like a dermatologist's mountainous nightmare from hell. Some say the moon is beautiful, but the craters on Marie Evans face is just plain ghastly! Seriously ghastly. Now what about the bulging fat and greasy clumps of red frizzy hair tangled in a nest on the top of her head? Getting to that. Right, so maybe she doesn't "work out" or go on mind-boggling magical diets but seriously-this girl is the queen of the yellow stuff. Flabby skin is her forte. When she walks, its like watching 200 pounds of glorious jello bouncing up and down. What a pretty sight. There used to hips, but now it's all layers, like the filling of a cheesecake. She would know right? It's not like she eats any of the good stuff to understand what something not-sweet would taste like. Huh... Enough of that. Let's see...we've got that, that, and that. Oh right! The really bad stuff: her nose and teeth. Yellowing, misshapen, and hideous. Some say its just another hole with which to feed herself with. You know what else other people say? All the ugly must be getting to her brains, but its those big round glasses that make her look more like a clown that gives her special sight so that she's smarter than she actually is. Those big round glasses that hide bright evergreen eyes are so smudged and cracked in one lense that its a surprise she can even see out of them. Nasty little booger, Marie Evans is. Don't get in her way.The only ones dumb enough to do that and commit social suicide are her friends Jane and Alice. Jane Anne Mackenzie is a Gryffindor, just like Lily, and the two of them are rather brilliant witches. Gifted at Transfiguration and Potions, (She's one of Slughorn's favorites) Lily meets her match with Jane-who happens to be a herbology know-it-all. It's not the only thing they're matched in; Jane's also ugly as hell, replace the frizzy red-hair, green eyes with shoulder-length blonde hair and violet colored eyes (no glasses) and you've got one "Jane Anne Mackenzie: eternal loser". Plus, she's not much better off in the "getting bullied" department than Lily. The poor duo must face opposition everyday since they walked through the doors of Hogwarts, and it hasn't lessened one bit since that day. The Marauders didn't make it easy one bit; but we'll get to that. However, she still remains die-hard loyal to Lily and the two are inseparable. Alice Prewett on the other hand, is a goddess. It's not an exaggeration, too. Waist-length brown hair and chocolate brown eyes, Alice was the one person who managed to stick with the losers and not become a loser herself. Just goes to show how delicate the social hierarchy is when you're rich, pureblood, and beautiful. Especially when you've caught the eye of Frank Longbottom.Finally, the moment you all have been waiting for. The second coming of Jesus Christ, the parting in the clouds, the chorus of singing angels: The Marauders. James Potter, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, and Peter Pettigrew. Prongs, Padfoot, Moony and Wormtail. Don't ask.Okay so maybe there isn't a chorus of singing angels upon any utterance of their presence but its pretty damn close. Let's be honest here: they are drop-dead gorgeous. If God made people on purpose, he definitely was having a good day when he sent down James Matthew Potter and Sirius Orion Black upon the Wizarding World. Let's start with James Potter.James Matthew Potter. Jeez, where to begin? There's too much to say, so lets just list it off in incomplete sentences (why bother when James is practically indescribable as he is?!) Extremely good-looking hunk. Wears dorky glasses that make him look even hotter. Quidditch chaser for the Gryffindor house, greatest in Hogwarts history. There's always that glint of mischief in his eyes. Ohhh, soft hazel colored irises. Chiseled features. His signature cocky grin. 6'1''. Filthy rich. Pureblood. Ringleader of the Marauders. Your stereotypical "jock", with the smug sense of self-entitlement, gorgeous girlfriend to boot (That would be Darcy Chester, we'll be getting to her soon enough) and pack of thugs right behind him (That would be the Marauders) to egg him on in the stereotypical jock crusade to rid the world of lesser men (and women, of course). Fantastic in Transfiguration and Defense against the Dark Arts. Nickname? Prongs. Sticks to his mates like gum against desk.Sirius Orion Black is THE hottest boy ever. Piercing, stormy grey eyes. Lean and muscled. 6'3''. Elegant hair also known as "God's gift" but we all know he has more gifts than just that. Co-ringleader of the Marauders. Even has an entire fanclub dedicated in his honor. Has the hots for Charlotte Dawson, doe-eyed blondie with crisp blue-eyes in Hufflepuff. A "Class A arse" and a serious womanizer. Serious, heh, get it?! No but really, anyone who can hook up with 99% of the upperclassmen female population is going to be called "Sirius Black". There's just no one who could woo the world with just the snap of his fingers and a kiss blown in your direction. Brilliant in whatever James is good at. Lives with the Potters. Absolutely inseparable from James.So. You have the details. Now its time to add up two and two and see the real story behind all this. Look closely reader, because sometimes, it takes a little effort to get behind the smudgy glasses and cocky exterior. But once you do, something great is bound to happen."Watch it Evans, we don't want you to hurt yourself getting wayyy over there by your desk." James squinted and pointed to the seat in front of him, guffawing when he saw Lily pick herself up with a defiant scowl and gathering her scattered notes."Oh my, will you look who it is? The pompous git who thinks he's all that because he can play pranks and ride a broom. Well guess what? You're just a coward who can't stand for anything worthwhile. Why don't you grow a pair and lay off Potter!" Lily countered furiously in a sharp-as-knife tone that had the whole class ohhhh-ing. Well, everyone but Darcy Chester.Oh, yes. Darcy Chester. You've never seen the epitome of "pureblood" until you've met her. She's so posh she makes muggle-infested Paris, France look like the dump. Raven-black hair, in smooth waves to her shoulder, cat-like icy blue eyes, sly smirk and a figure that graceful like a ballerina but strong as an ox, Darcy Chester, of the well-known and definitely well-off Chester family is like meeting a superstar and wondering what in god's name she had to be born with to be so flawless. Like her bloodline before her, she radiates power and control, along with boundless wit and knowledge, so its no wonder Darcy is a Ravenclaw. If it weren't for her bitchy behavior that just screams "Oi, I seek attention!" then maybe she wouldn't be half that bad of a person. Heh, well fuck that. She's a bitch. B-I-T-C-H. The Queen Bitch. Oh yeah, she's also dating James Potter."Maybe we wouldn't be so haarrrshhh on you, Miss Evans," Darcy's willowy female voice curled in the air and practically buzzed in Lily's ears, making steam rise from her nostrils in fury,"...if you weren't such a clumsy little fool. Ladies aren't supposed to be so unattentive to their bodies and grotesquely overweight in addition, it's a dirty stain on society. But that must not apply to a filthy Mudblood like yourself." Silence.Whispers carried through the classroom and worried glances at the door to see if Professor Minerva McGonagall ("Minnie!" James exclaimed proudly, like a grandson to a beloved grandmother) would come in and see the obvious bullfight about to erupt or end up oblivious to the rising tensions like she always did. At least, when it came to the lovely banter between Miss Evans and Mr. Potter, it wouldn't be that bad.Wrong.Lily fumed, snapping back harshly: "Go fuck off with your high horse, Darcy, no one cares what that overrated posh arse of yours thinks!" but while the class awaited anxiously for the bitch-slaps to fly, James curled into Darcy ( "I care what your posh arse thinksall the time...") and they smooched, noses touching and they giggled to each other with faces inches away, and the class aww-ed in favor of focusing on the fat girl in the corner. Her friend, Jane, was looking more than a little nervous about a certain Mr. Black that was bound to have a stab at her guts to disembowel her before the class was over."Let's not forget Miss Mackenzie here getting all lonely without her 50 trillion chocolate frogs to comfort her." The class erupted once again and Sirius Black tossed his head back, glorious hair flying and a pitch-perfect laugh rolling from his mouth. "And Alice Prewett, what are you doing here with thing 1 and thing 2 when you could be chilling with us, the 'cool kids?'" Alice froze in her seat, and with a mighty growl hexed the two prats brave enough to question her choice to stick with her friends. ("Largest and stupidest bunch of wankers I'd ever seen, thats for sure.")"Git. Stop all this nonsense now and grow up already!" Jane hissed under her breath, before more rounds of verbal abuse were slung every which way, like the opening to a horror film."Not enough makeup in the WORLD will be able to cover up her face!" ("Enough, stop it, stop this now!" Remus Lupin interjected) and "Cover up her face? Even that muggle 'plastic surgery' can't repair the damages. Much less the traumatic damage of looking at it," ("Oh shut it, Remus, we're just having a bit of FUN here, right lads?" A chorus of "AYES" resoundingly) and "She must be half-troll" ("YEAH" from Pettigrew in the back) and "No, she's FULL troll. Just look at all those lumps and oozing skin! Bleck! Like a human toad." ("YEAH" from Pettigrew in the back) and "Even the blind would know a troll from a human-it's the jiggling fat and odious smell that gives it away!" ("YEAH" from Pettigrew in the back) and "It's a wonder they really haven't died from being so ugly" ("YEAH" from Pettigrew in the back) and "Yeah, heart attacks and shit should've ended them long before they were born!" ("YEAH" from Pettigrew in the back) and "Their mothers should've gotten abortions, what hideous children. Shameful!" ("YEAH" from...okay you get the point) and "I bet they had fucking ugly parents, too. Mudbloods. Ugh." and "Reckon they're bumfuck poor to be so ugly, money always saves God's mistakes" and more, more more.Talking as if they weren't there, as if they didn't exist."Germs cause ugliness, and ugliness causes death."Charlotte's nasally but assured comment sent the room back down into the gutters of silence and savagery.That is, until Sirius smacked lips with Charlotte and all hell broke loose, couples, (namely Sirius and Charlotte) immediately started "eating each other's faces off," more laughter could be heard, clapping and whistling and hexes flying in all hopeless directions and papers were thrown in the direction of Jane and Lily, chants of "Go to hell! Go to hell!" could be heard echoing down the halls and across the castle. "Excuse me!" Party's over.Professor McGonagall looked appalled at the classroom, students stumbling back into their seats and the couples who were making out unlatching themselves and fixing their hair and clothes hurriedly. "What outrageous monstrosity has unfolded in my classroom! BLACK, release yourself from MISS DAWSON IMMEDIATELY! 5 points from Gryffindor, and ("But Minnie!") 5 MORE points from Gryffindor for Potter's obscene and EXTREMELY uncalled for outbursts and frankly abhorring self-control. Get yourself together young men, the year may be over but we have work to DO! Now, everyone, please take your seats. Evans, your arithmancy book is on the floor."Last day of Sixth Year"This is it, girls. Last day of seeing the Marauders ever fucking again for the next month. Cheers."Alice, Jane and Lily lifted their treacle tarts in the air and laughed joyously, each of them taking a long, luxurious bite out them and hmm-ing in harmony. This was their last final hurrah, their last "fuck you" to the insufferable bastards that made their lives hell for the majority of their Hogwarts career."I swear to god, after this summer I'm going to see you guys and it's going to be like watching two film stars walking out on the red fucking carpet. That is, if you suggest I make you guys over" The suggestion was practically a command from Alice Prewett, her lashes fluttering in the way she usually did when she wanted something. Badly."Nuh-uh." Jane was chewing and shaking her head furiously. "Theres no way in hell we're going to be having makeovers over the summer. Parents won't DARE let me." For extra emphasis, she looked to Lily, who already knew the dire living situation Jane lived in. It always came as a surprise how wholeheartedly warm and sweet and strong Jane was even when her muggle life was about as depressing as it could get. Abusive parents, horrible arse of a father who hit her every chance he could get, and sometimes Lily just watched helpless as her friend crumbled under both the pressure of keeping herself in high spirits and fighting the constant verbal abuse at school."Agreed. Sorry, Alice, but Jane and I are going to Diagon Alley sometime before school starts. To get some...shopping done. Plus, when will you find the time to make us over when you've got to go to goddamn fucking ITALY with lovely Mr. Frank Longbottom whom you love so much while we two lazy arses have to keep on our toes for next year's courses? No, it'll just have to be us and our boring lives. Have fun Alice. I hope I get a marriage invitation by the end of the summer at least, so then that'll give you an excuse to make us over."Alice's mouth dropped open, her eyes wide in surprise that Lily knew who she fancied so quickly. Well, it wasn't like it was a secret or anything; to be honest, a complete juvenile like that brainless berk Potter could see Alice loved handsome fellow Gryffindor Frank Longbottom dearly, and him returning the feelings just as genuinely. Frank was nice, compassionate, with light brown hair and warm brown eyes that seemed to follow Alice everywhere she went. Although it seemed the two themselves were absolutely oblivious. Poor fools, love makes everyone. Plus, the two were perfect for each other. They were both gorgeous, pureblood, in love, and happy. Who wouldn't want more from them. Apparently, Alice wasn't about to give up on spreading the love bug to her friends."I absolutely refuse! If you think, Lily Evans, that you can get off spick and span from telling me you'll be 'studying' and that bullshit then you are a fool. You know what? For kicks and shit, since you DEMAND to be so boring, I'm hooking you up with that handsome gentleman named Declan Parish whether you want to or not. Don't lie to me, you know deep down you want to snog him so bad. Oh my god, I can see it in your eyes right now. YES, holy shit, you DO fancy that Ravenclaw Quidditch captain, it's so clear to me now, Lily Evans are you blushing?! Jesus, it was just a fucking joke, but REALLY?! Fucking hell, Evans, what the fuck right now?! Oh shit. Never mind, you are too easy to read. It's like stealing candy from a baby. I'll be going to Frank's table now. Goodbyeee~~" Alice got up, bending her fingers forward in a "I'm a bitch" wave before sashaying her way to Frank's table.The more Alice talked, the more swears managed to leak from her usually quiet and composed self that few people got to know. 100% of whom were Jane and Lily. As she spoke, the secret truth of her naive little crush coming like a punch out of thin air, Lily's face had drained of all color and just as quickly rushed back with a violence comparable to a tsunami of blood to her fat, chipmunk cheeks. Tart crumbs hung from the side of her lips and she licked them away nervously, sweat leaking down her forehead. Okay, so maybe she liked Declan Parish, that deliciously melt-in-your mouth hot bastard who was real competition to James fucking Potter when it came to Quidditch. He had the dashing blond hair, bright blue eyes, wonderful build and charming voice of a fucking knight. He was also smart, and a complete and utter pisspot. At least that, in Lily's book, meant he was going to be forever unattainable and a jerk."Wrong." Jane interjected kindly, to no one in particular, on behave of Lily's response in Alice's direction, which was guaranteed to have been scathing, "Remember, Lily, you told me Severus Snape had the HUGEST crush on you. You two were literally joined at the hip when you guys were younger! Even lasted SO long too! Before we even came to Hogwarts you and him were familiar acquaintances. It was so cute, and heart-warming, Severus like a whole new being, better, when you was around. You two made each other better people. He never judged you for your looks, unlike almost everyone else. It's such a shame though. He," Jane had leaned away from Lily, her face melancholy from the memories as the most troubling part of the story was about to unfold, "he was doing fine, and I swore he was going to ask you out after a while, once he got the courage up, but he was sorted into Slytherin, and suddenly, he drifted off. Then once in Potions class he suddenly went off, calling you a filthy Mudblood, just like Darcy. It was, disgusting, how easily he-""HE AND EVANS COULD BE AS A COUPLE!" James Potter smoothly inserted himself, making Jane yelp and Sirius double-over laughing, Alice too far away to hex them this time around. "I mean Snivellus and Lily, two most ugliest people in the castle, a couple?! They would be perfect for each other right?" his smug voice carried over to a few of the neighboring chatter and they laughed riotously.Lily flew from her seat, wand outstretched and a terrible scowl on her face. "You shut it about Severus, James Potter, do you hear? Don't bring him into something you aren't willing to finish, like the coward you'll always be." Her voice was deadly, and James's face fell in disappointment and shame. Sheepishly, he rubbed the back of his neck and apologized. Lily was absolutely stunned! The dramatic shift in emotion threw her completely off balance."Hey, I was just joking, Evans. Um...Actually, I was just going to ask you something, before I eavesdropped." He looked away and Lily saw that his face was glowing dark red. "Um...uh I was wondering...if maybe, you know, you'd want to...say, I don't know, come over...to the Potter Manor over the summer?" He barely got the words out without looking like a stuttering, embarrassed mess. It was almost endearing. Lily raised one skeptical eyebrow and folded her arms across her chest."Why, exactly?""To apologize for being an arse.""You'll need to do FAR more than just invite me someplace over the summer, git.""I said I'm sorry Lily!" He looked exasperated and genuinely upset about himself. "I really am. About everything, I don't know, it's just that I can't explain myself very easily and I've always been kind of jealous of how smart you are. I was being stupid, trying to pick on others for my own pride, like you said. Just...could we start over? I swear I've changed for the better. Let me prove it to you." He looked up and Lily's face softened. He was wearing a guilty expression that was somber, serious and deeply regretful. Maybe he wasn't joking this time around. Was he?After a few moment of tentative silence and hesitant looks exchanged between Jane, Lily and James, she finally spoke up, quiet and not-quite sure of herself."I swear to god Potter if this is another one of your pathetic attempts at a prank I WILL bury you alive.""Is that a yes? Does that mean you'll come?" Eagerness seeped through his voice."If it means that your girlfriend, that pompous bitch Darcy isn't coming, then yes, I suppose so. It's not a promise though." Lily looked incredibly suspicious. When James's face finally lit up in excitement, Lily thought she had made the right choice about being cautious. ThenJames cracked up, Jane groaning in a "I-knew-it" way and Lily looking hideously betrayed. James continued laughing quietly, doubling over, and then turned to Sirius and the Marauding crew behind him, mirth hidden in his eyes."YOU WON'T BELIEVE IT!" he laughed, "LILY ENGORGIO EVANS JUST TOLD ME SHE'D GO OUT WITH ME! MERLIN'S BEARD, I CAN'T BREATHE! DID NEARLY-HEADLESS NICK JUST PULL MY LEG OR AM I DYING FROM TOO MUCH BULLSHIT?! BLIMEY!" James had turned nearly purple in his breathless laughter, the Marauder's bursting out in the giggles and Lily still stunned into silence. She was steadily coming to though, and once she did there was no turning back from her imminent wrath."Farewell!" James waved a dramatic hand in the air above him, falling back into Sirius's arms, "I've laughed myself an early grave! It's been a good run, lads, a bloody good run, but the fun show's over. I've reached the climax of my pranking career, everything else that happens to me has gone to shit in comparison to this day. Au revoir, mon ami Sirius, hasta lavista senorita Evans, I would've never made it here without you two by my side."Lily smiled dangerously, her eyes slitting into nothing as she tried to control her anger enough to not throw an Unforgivable in Potter's direction."You know, Evans," James spoke in a nostalgic voice that positively grated on Lily's nerves, " I understand it must be hard not being with a gorgeous hunk like me all the time, but can you be the least bit realistic? Since when did you ever have a chance with me? I'm far and above out of your league and always will be." Pettigrew's eye's widened and he pointed, mouthing "THAT RHYMES!" to no one in particular."You." Lily took a breath to steady herself, as her voice came out as a low growl, "are the biggest, most infuriating, most idiotic, simple-minded, savage and indecent piece of SHIT," she took another breath "that I have EVER had the courtesy to meet. Goodbye, Mr. Potter. I hope you enjoyed making yourself off as the castle fool today, and every day, that you are."James scoffed, and quickly changed the subject back to what he had been saying before-"Ohhh...Poor Lily Evans has a big fat crush on greasy-haired Snivellus, and since when did you fancy rat-faced Slytherins, huh Evans? Since you were misplaced in Gryffindor? The sorting hat must've taken pity on you, since you obviously needed the company. Too bad you only have jelly-butt Jane to follow you around!" Sirius snorted, and James slapped his knee in glee, the sound of the two boys' snickers radiating through the Great Hall.Lily practically vibrated with trembling fury, until she noticed Jane hesitantly inching away from the scene, trying to hide her face from the few pairs of eyes trained her way and whispering under their breaths. Lily look concerned, and then she knew why."Jelly-butt Jane, she has an abusive father, maybe that's why she's so desperate to find friends! I bet your daddy hates looking at you so much he'd rather beat you to death than look at that face every day. Hogwarts must've been a dream come true for the daughter he thought would've failed him, and better yet, he wouldn't have to face looking at his 'mistake' each and every day, what a joke! These are what muggles do, James, and now that I think about it, she must've inherited the filth from her father. Just wait until she grows up! No one would get together with that fat-lipped frog like her. You know how I know all this, James, it's because she kept a DIARY! Hah, left it in Potions class once and I hate being a snitch but the entries were sooo dark, 'my papa hits me', 'I feel so alone', 'Why do I have to be so useless' and blah-blah-blah. I would've thought it belonged to some barmy Hufflepuff but a GRYFFINDOR?! Much less Jane Mackenzie?! My oh my, I cried laughing that night, what comedic gold!" James burst into a fresh bout of laughter, and Sirius nodded, winking at a few girls who were swooning at his feet. Jane looked about ready to throw up, she was so pale."Oh god!" Lily exclaimed quietly to herself, a hand flying to her open mouth as Sirius's words sunk in. Jane's lower lip quivered as more people laughed and pointed in her direction, tears springing into her eyes and her hands gripped tightly in fists. She was going to blow."No wait! Stop it! You're hurting her feelings! Don't you know how disgusting you both are, going around talking about people like you're above them!? Why don't you both just go to hell for once, you ignorant arseholes and get a life!" Lily sprang from her seat stepping right up to James and Sirius, both backing away and waving their hands and going "Aye, Evans, we're not looking for a fight here," and laughing mischievously. Jane had quietly left the hall, hurriedly wiping at her eyes and sniffling. Lily ran after her, the two boys still laughing even as the students were getting ready to leave to their dormitories, ready to go home and relax."Oh god, my summer is completely ruined!"Jane had tears running down her face, small hiccups making her sniff loudly, her nose drip and a box of tissues were already half-used up next her to her on their compartment on the Hogwarts express. Lily patted Jane's hand gently and reminded her of all the stupid things the Marauder's had done the previous years and how this time, she was perfectly right with being mad at them. Alice was hugging Jane, telling her that it was alright to cry and she was there for her, never judging. She still didn't know what Sirius had said, but from Jane's reaction, it was bad, and that was all she needed to know. "I wish I could've hexed them every chance I got, fucking bastards.""I'm sorry...I'm such...a loser...ugh" She wiped away her tears and laughed, "but I'm going to be okay. As long as you two understand, a little bad-mouthing from Sirius won't get me down. He's the worst, isn't he?"Lily beamed and hugged Jane, fresh tears in her eyes at being embraced but on the inside still aching with the memories of Black talking about her father to practically the whole Great Hall. Lily pulled away and handed her a piece of parchment, written in neat, looping letters."It's my new address. My parents got promoted so we're relocating closer to London and right there is my new number, if you need to call me. Stupid phone company won't let us keep the old number, but that's alright. Text me if things get out of hand, alright?" She closed Jane's hand around the parchment and Jane nodded, smiling and grinning her huge yellowing teeth at Lily who smiled right back. The rest of the train ride was spent in silence, Jane having fallen asleep after Alice left yet again to Frank's compartment, this time for good."Don't do anything you'll regret in there, you hear Prewett?!" Lily called down the aisle to Alice, and she flipped the finger back. Bitch.Closing the door behind her, she adjusted the blanket on Jane and went back to reading "An Exploration of Explosive Spells" by Edmund Higgins, for fun.Pretty soon, the journey home was over and as the train pulled into the station families waved and ran after the compartments their children were in, steam blowing out and the hoot of the horn signalling the return to Platform 9 .Alice had returned to get her luggage, helping Jane up from her sleep and with her luggage while Lily was quick at work to lug her suitcases out before the rush truly set in. She could see her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Evans, both fiery ginger, simple civilian clothing, waving and hurrying to help Lily off the train. Behind them was Alice's mother, Mrs. Prewett, and Mr. Longbottom, who was dressed immaculately in a 3-piece suit, a hat adorning his bald head and a moustache above his lips, while Mrs. Prewett wore a nude-colored dress, heels and a flash of bright red lipstick. Her hair fell in blond ringlets down to her shoulder and she beamed, stretching her hands wide in a hug and Alice ran forward and spun with the power of their hug. Lily laughed, her father's hand on her shoulder. Frank blushed and coughed, walking over to his father who patted him on the back and took the luggage from his son's hands."Off one train, onto another boring flight to Rome. What a dreary concept." Alice groaned and Lily rolled her eyes, mouthing "Please" which only made the two laugh and slap each other's arm's, calling each other ridiculous and absolutely insane."I hope you like riding with Frank, he seems to be quite keen to get on a plane with you!""Oh shut up Evans!""Alice! Mind your mouth!""Sorry mother""Lily, did you get everything?""Yes, mother.""Are you sure?""YES!""Okay, just checking.""Where's Petunia?""At home.""Okay.""Come on, Alice, we're going to be late for our flight!""Okay coming! Ugh! Write to me Evans, or I swear to god!""Right, bye! Have fun!"They parted ways, laughing and waving back at each other even as Lily watched as Alice disappeared amongst the crowd of people. Only then did she start in realization that Jane was practically unseen and unheard from during their departing."Oh god, mum, where is Jane?""She left, darling, just now when you were talking to Alice stood with her father.""Is something wrong, Lily? Did she forget something on the train?""No, no, no, nothing like that. Is she alright?""Why wouldn't she be? Lily you're worrying me.""It's...it's nothing I guess. Sorry I brought it up. I just wanted to say goodbye.""Maybe she was in a hurry and couldn't see you. Happens all the time.""Yeah. I guess she could always call me.""Absolutely. You gave her our number, yes?""Yes, dad. Okay, let's go."But deep down, Lily felt a discomforting gnawing in her gut. Please be safe, Jane.Hey Guys! Thanks for reading and please review :D**Disclaimer from Prongs: In regards to a review about our demeaning language describing the girls in this story we'd like to say we definitely think everyone is beautiful in their own way, but, in a perfect world no one will judge each other based on looks. However in reality, people DO get judged for their looks and we're trying to show change is not a bad thing and self-empowerment is just as important as the beauty on the inside. We want the characters to become more confident about the way they look and feel about themselves even as they are bullied about it. This is not an actual portrayal about how we feel on the subject as the language is strictly part of the story and if you are happy with yourself the way you are, you go! We are not saying you should change for anyone and being the beautiful readers you are is enough to be happy.**
