The library was quiet. It was early enough in the term that students weren't studying for exams but late enough that any students who had made decisions to work hard this year had slipped back into relaxing. It was a Friday evening and even the group of Ravenclaw students were getting ready to pack up for the evening.Tucked away in the back corner of the library where two students that had no intentions of leaving the library anytime soon. The red head and the platinum white hair. The tall boy and the short girl. The Gryffindor and the Slytherin. The Potter and the Malfoy.Lily Luna sat with her red hair draped across the desk as Scorpios laughed at her. She put her head up to glare at him. "I'm glad you are finding this amusing," she glared at him. This only made him laugh harder. "You will do fine Lily," he replied with a smile. She simply lay her head back on the table with a groan, causing Scorpios to laugh more."Do you ever think it's weird that we are best friends?" Lily asked suddenly. Scorpios put down his quill and looked at her. "What do you mean?" he asked, his forehead creasing into a frown. "Well there is a two year age gap between us," she said and he shrugged. "About theses the fact we are in opposing houses," again he shrugged. "Before the war maybe it would have mattered more but not so much these days," he replied and it was her turn to shrug."Our parents hated each other when they were here," Lily added and Scorpios just raised an eye brow at her. "You really think I care about that?" he asked. "No but your dad might" she said looking down at the table. "Seriously Lily. I don't care what my dad thinks. You're my best friend and my dad will just have to get used to that,'' he replied and she smiled up at him. But she still seemed unsure."Come in Lils' I love my dad but you are more important to me. You and Al and the rest of your family have accepted me for who I am. My family doesn't define me. Just like your family doesn't define you,'' as he spoke Scorpios got up and walked round the table to sit on it next to her. She looked up at him and opened her mouth as if she was going to say something then thought better of it."Now what's really the matter Lily?'' he asked taking her hand. She looked up at him unsure. He smiled at her encouragingly. He wasn't sure where this was going but he knew she would tell him. Lily looked down at the table then back at him. "Come on Lils" Scorpios sighed, squeezing her hand.Then she leaned up and kissed him. Potter and Malfoy. Slytherin and Gryffindor. Scorpios' body reacted instantly pulling her closer before pushing her back suddenly. "Are you sure about this Lily?" he asked. Lily bit her lip to stop a smile and nodded her head. He didn't have to be told twice. He kissed her back.When he pulled away next it was for air. Looking around he remembered where they were. "Come on Lily. We both have essays to finish." Lily groaned but slid off his lap into her chair. He walked back round the table into his chair and, smiling at her, picked up his quill and began writing. She followed suit with a smile on her lips.A few minutes later he broke the silence, without looking up. "What's the matter now Lily?" he sighed and she looked up at him. "How do you know something's wrong?" she asked defensively. "Because I know you. Now spill," he said, still writing. "My brothers are going to kill you is all," she replied. Scorpios merely laughed.
