A/N: Hey guys. I hope you enjoy this fic!I have fallen in love with you. I don't know how, but I just have. At first, I denied it. But now that I've come to terms with my feelings for you, I wish something would happen between us. But the problem is, you're my teacher, I am your pupil. This creates a barrier between us. One that shouldn't be attempted to break.Minerva McGonagall was stuck in class, not paying much attention. She was lost in thought. She had been like this a lot lately. Drifting off into her own mind, ever since she realised that she's in love.His name was Albus Dumbledore. The greatest wizard in the world, headmaster of Hogwarts, the school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. And her teacher.She loved many things about him. The way his eyes always seemed to sparkle. The way he stood with pride when making an announcement. And how caring he was towards others.Sometimes, when she was rushing to class, she would accidentally bump into his tall figure. He would immediately help her back on her feet, or start gathering up the pile of books that had ungracefully landed on the floor. She would mutter a quick apology, and he would always say that it was okay, before he carried on down the hall. She would watch him depart, then continue on running to class.But they weren't the only times they would see one another..."Miss McGonagall," her name being called tore her from her thoughts."Yes, Sir?" She asked hesitantly."Please pay attention.""Sorry, Sir."Oh well. At least class will be ending in 10 minutes, she thought to herself.Albus was working in his office. But his thoughts kept returning to one person. Her name was Minerva McGonagall. He had fallen in love. The problem is, she was one of his students. It was against the rules to fraternise with a pupil.But she wasn't just a pupil to him. He loved her. They did occasionally spend time together. He gave her private lessons now and again. To help her with her studies. That's how they got to know each other. She was a bright student. And he loved her fiery personality. He loved how she always tried her best. And he loved her enthusiasm to learn new things.However, he was starting to get worried about her. She was sometimes distant. The other Professors had expressed concern for her progress. They told him that she was beginning to fall behind, and that she wasn't paying as much attention in class as she used to. This had been going on for about a month or two. He was hoping it would have changed by now. That it was just a phase. He needed to speak with her. Or it could get worse.
