I know Remus/OC isn't very popular, but I freaking love him. So, for your reading pleasure, I present Being Human.When you're different, people either love you for it or loathe you for it. When you're different, nothing ever goes over easily or according to you plan. Cordelia Leonova was different. She stood out from all of the other girls in the school, in the opinion of Remus Lupin, in the best way possible. She was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen in his sixteen years of life. Her long, black hair contrasted nicely with her light skin. Her dark eyes could send shivers up his spine whenever she locked them with his in Potions Class. She always wore her skirts a little high, making him extremely jealous whenever the other boys would look at her as she walked by.She sat with the other Slytherin girls during supper, her cheek leaning on her palm as she half listened to Eva Pargass tell the story of how she met some famous person that her father knew from some executive luncheon. Cordelia never ate much, but she seemed healthy enough.Remus sat on the other side of the room as James and Sirius scarfed down mashed potatoes and gnawed on turkey legs, tossing the bones onto his plate, which he didn't notice until his hand accidentally knocked over the pile as he reached for his drink."Oh, very nice." he grumbled, sweeping the wet remains off of his dinner plate."Just go up and talk to her, mate." Sirius said, before attempting to clear his full mouth with pumpkin juice. "Just say, 'Cora, I think about you when I have a wank.' That'll get her attention."Remus rolled his eyes as James and Sirius shared a laugh at his expense."That'll get me expelled."James swallowed his food and wiped his mouth with the napkin that he held in his lap. Remus was amazed that, even though James ate like a starved Hippogriff, he had the manners of a head of state."She really is a nice girl, Moony. Couldn't tell you why she's in Slytherin." the Potter smiled as he wrapped his arm around his long time girlfriend Lily Evans who sat to his left. Remus longed for that intimacy with someone. He longed for that intimacy with Cordelia. "We have plenty of nice girls in Gryffindor, anyway, right Lily?"Lily laughed lightly and pushed James away, breathing out an "Honestly, James." before turning back to Alice Longbottom.It was true. There were loads of girls in Gryffindor house that Remus could date, but he didn't want any of them. Cordelia Leonova would be the death of him; he knew it.Cora sat, bored out of her mind, listening to Eva tell the same story that she had been telling for the past two weeks. Pushing the mushy peas around on her plate, she drifted in and out of what her friend was saying.Suddenly, she felt eyes upon her, making her look up when they didn't move away. Lifting her head, her eyes connected with Remus Lupin's. He was in her Potions Class; he sat right beside her and sometimes she had to ask to borrow a sheet of parchment from him. He must have thought she was a complete idiot for never being prepared for class.Raising her hand, she waved slightly at him. He looked as though he had been caught red handed doing something he shouldn't. He brought his hand up quickly, knocking over a new pile of bones that sat on his dinner plate before looking back up at her and seeing that she was still looking at him. A light smile appeared on her face as she saw him wave back awkwardly.He was so handsome to her. His rich brown hair was so thick that it reminded her of a wolf's winter coat. Sometimes in Potions, she would sit and think about touching it, running her hands through it and feeling the soft texture.His brown eyes matched the color of his hair perfectly. She loved how they crinkled on the sides when he smiled widely."Cora, are you listening to me?"Cordelia whipped her head to her left, seeing Eva's sour face staring at her, along with her other friends. She smiled awkwardly."Of course, Eva. You said that he took you to visit his villa in France. That must have been very lovely."Eva's face held the expression as she nodded slightly, "Right, as I was saying."The small group turned its' attention, begrudgingly, back to Eva. Cordelia, however, turned her's to the Lupin that had now started talking to his friends.She stifled a sigh that threatened to escape her. No matter how much she liked Remus, no matter what she did, she couldn't change the fact that she was different. A monster; well, half monster. All of her friends, everyone in the school, just assumed that she was like them. She walked like them, talked like them, she even ate like them sometimes.Her father, Talis Leonov, was a Russian vampire. When her mother, Ramona, met him, she was doing research in Siberia for the Ministry of Magic's Beings and Beasts divisions. Ramona, then Treefoil, fell in love with Talis, a tall, wiry, dark haired vampire. They married and, two years later, had Cordelia, to the surprise of everyone. Her mother called her a miracle. Her Grandmother Treefoil called her a freak. When Cordelia was eight, her parents beat the odds again when her mother became pregnant with her younger brother Ivor. She never could wrap her mind around how her mother that was alive and her father that was undead could reproduce. Magic, she guessed.Professor Dumbledore was the only person she trusted with her secret. No one in the entire school knew about it and Remus wasn't going to be the first person to find out; not if she had any say in the matter.Remus moped from his side of the room, watching Cordelia return to her attention to her friends."Come now, Moony." Sirius said, slapping his hand on his friend's shoulder. "I know in the end you'll win the love of Miss Leonova."Remus shrugged Sirius's hand off of him, "No, Padfoot."At once, James and Sirius drew a more serious attitude. They knew he was hurting. They knew what he would have to divulge if he were to get involved with her. Remus's pain worsened as he thought of transforming right in front of her. Werewolves weren't thought of as sane, impartial creatures and for good reason. The only people that knew were teachers, Prongs, Padfoot, Wormtail, and Severus Snape (who kept the secret under penalty of severe beating).What would she think if she was brought along to the 'Shrieking Shack' when he was in his monthly transformation? He didn't think he could stomach the look of terror that would surely break out on her face."She's probably not even worth it." Peter piped up, dropping another scoop of ice cream onto his plate. He looked over at his friends to see Remus, James, and Sirius glaring back at him. "What? I'm just trying to make you feel better."Remus downed the rest of his water before standing up from the long table, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. "Well, don't, Wormtail."Please review and tell me what you think!
