Chapter One- The ProphecyAlbus Dumbledore was sitting in the hogs head interviewing possible divination professors, so far they had all been frauds. 'Ah well,' Albus thought 'one left' he took a sip of his butter beer as the last candidate- Sybil Trelawney entered the bar. When she saw the headmaster she approached, Albus could tell that she too was a fraud. Sighing he decided to interview her anyway but suddenly the possible candidate went rigid in her seat, her eyes went glassy. Albus recognised the signs and put up privacy wards but alas in his haste to do so he did not do it properly and so a nearby Death Eater heard the whole thing. Trelawney's voice became harsh as she spoke to the unaware headmaster;The one with the power to vanquish a leader approaches... born to those who have thrice defiedThe dark one, born as the seventh month dies... light shall discard the chosen one as Unimportant but dark shall give their acknowledgement... the dark leader shall mark the chosenOne as his equal, but the chosen one will have power neither leaders know not... and one Leader shall die at the hand of the chosen one for neither leader can live whilst the other Survives... born of human, upbringing of wolf... the chosen one can destroy the world or leadIt into a new dawn... the one with the power to vanquish a leader will be born as the seventhMonth dies...both the headmaster's and the Death Eater's eyes widened, the Death Eater remained where he was so as not to draw attention but he was reciting it in his head until he could get to his master. Trelawney shook herself back into the real world "so sorry headmaster, must've drifted off for a second there. Did you say something?" she asked.'I must keep her close' Dumbledore thought as he replied "you've got the job. Please arrive at Hogwarts in three weeks" with that Dumbledore stood up and went back to Hogwarts trying to pick out what the prophecy could mean.When Dumbledore had left the Death Eater stood and ran out to inform his master, he would be rewarded greatly for this! As the Death Eater went to tell his master Dumbledore was sitting behind his desk thoughtfully. He wrote the prophecy out on some parchment and began undoing it. The one with the power to vanquish a leader approaches... born to those who have thrice defied the dark one, born as the seventh month dies... 'A child born to someone who has beaten Voldemort three times will give birth to a child at the end of July. The Potter's and Longbottom's are due then' Dumbledore thought, he wrote that underneath the prophecy. Light shall discard the chosen one as unimportant but dark shall give their acknowledgement... 'So I will think of the child as unimportant, well I can change that. But Voldemort will acknowledge the child, maybe if I made sure to treat the child as important then that won't happen' Dumbledore decided.He moved onto the next line the dark leader shall mark the chosen one as his equal, but the chosen one will have power neither leaders know not 'hmm so Voldemort will mark the child as his equal... will it be a physical mark? If so that will help me greatly. The child will have a secret power; if I get close to the child I can find that out' and one leader shall die at the hand of the chosen one for neither leader can live whilst the other survives... born of human, upbringing of wolf... 'So either I or Voldemort will die at the hand of the child, well if I get close to the child it won't be me. Born of human, upbringing of wolf? What on earth does that mean? Ah well it can't be that important' he decided and moved onto the last couple of linesThe chosen one can destroy the world or lead it into a new dawn... the one with the power to vanquish a leader will be born as the seventh month dies... 'I'll have to make sure the child doesn't turn dark. Time for a meeting I think' Dumbledore thought. He called a meeting to discuss the prophecy and get protection for the Potters and Longbottom's, safe in the knowledge that Voldemort didn't know the prophecy. Or so he thought.
