I do not own Harry Potter or the Darren Shan saga.Harry is still Harry, he's 17, Voldy hasn't come back yet, so the thing with the goblet hasn't happened, well it did happen, but he just didn't rise yetDarren does not age (unlike in the books) he's 1000 years old. The war is over and nothing happened with the future thing. So they are happy happy happy. Oh and he's a bit old fashioned but that's because he's old. And his father was a wizard and he's a squib. That's why Hogwart is his.ENJOY!Harry POVAs I sat in the great hall with my friends, I thought about my summer, how I found someone sitting on my swing.It was a magical summer, not because of the magic that I can't use, but because love is a form of magic right? Well that's what I found that summer.I always thought I would end up with Ginny, or at least with a girl, I just never spent a thought on my sexuality before.That's why I was a bit surprised when I felt my heart thump in a way that it never did before, when I laid my eyes on HIM.He looked about 17 years old, dark hair and dark eyes, scars on his face. He just screamed danger! But I could not stop thinking about him. That's why I was a bit sad when he left without even a glance in my direction. But I vowed to myself, if I ever would see him again I would start a conversation. How I would regret that decisionSo as the next week came and went I felt a bit down, thinking I would never see him again. But after a week and a half waiting, he was there again, in all of his stunning glory.And before you ask, yes, I did start a conversation. I bad one, but a conversation nonetheless."hey." God can my voice sound any lamer?"hello" hmmm his voice sounds nothing like my dreams, it's older, colder, and mysterious, and sooo much better."soooo, you're sitting on my swing" oh great harry, your first decent sentence to the man of your dreams (literally) and you're accusing him of something!"I'm sorry? I didn't know it was property of something?" he looks so confused, it's so cute!"no no no, it isn't, it just that I always sit there and now I can't and it feels weird and I don't know I'm bad at this." Please don't hate me and leave! I'm such an idiot!"euhm do you want it back?"Great now I made him feel bad."no it's okay..." maybe I should do something, so I would stand there like an idiot. Hmmm my hands are hanging there useless, but where to put it I could sit down, but no I would look silly. Ask if I should push him? Nooooo we're not 5 years old! Come on Harry! You can do this!I'll just walk around, maybe comment on the weather."sooo, nice evening, not to cold or to warm, stars are shining bright."SilenceOh god I blew it! Now he thinks I'm boring!"yeah, I like this kind of evenings, helps me relax." YES he answered and didn't leave! He even smiled, I think I'm actually drooling let me just swipe my hand over my mouth discreetly. Nope no drool! WIN"are you new? I haven't seen you before." Wow, an actual decent sentence!"my uncle and I are just visiting someone. We're going to leave again at the end of the summer holiday"  that was his first actual long sentence!And that's how our first real conversation went, I found out that his name is Darren and that he lives with his uncle because his parents are dead. And that he travels a lot! And that he can't go out during the day because he's really allergic to the sun and his skin almost burns! Poor Darren!We talked until the sun was almost up. And then he went home, and I went back to my relatives. To dream about my prince charming.And then a piece of Ron's chicken ruined my perfect day dream. I looked at him while I swiped a piece of chicken of my cheek."Sorry Harry! But I was just asking what you were dreaming about." How can he speak, swallow and chew on the same time?! Is it even possible?! Really disturbing."just about the summer holiday. Can you please swallow before you speak so I don't get chicken in my eye or something."And now he's just sitting there with his mouth open wide with chicken in it repulsive."euhm, something happened during the summer?" asked Hermoine."no, not really. Why?" I didn't really want to discuss my love life with someone, especially Hermoine don't get me wrong, she's a good friend, but not the type of friend you tell your love life to."you just seem a bit distant that's all." Oh Hermoine, always so concerned."No, nothing happened, just a boring old summer" hah! If they only knew!How I wish I could go up to our dorm and just sleep. Darren and I spent the whole night saying goodbye, not the girly type with a lot of tears, but with a lot of talking and kisses.Oh good, Dumbledore is standing to say those silly words and to let us go. Pleaaase hurry up, I want to goooo. I know I sound like a whiny baby, but I'm not used to be in a room with a lot of people after 2 months of only seeing my relatives and Darren."This year is going to be a special year!" Oh no, not again a special year, they always end up bad for me."Because this year Hogwarts is being a host to a few special guests! Every 100 year the owner of this castle comes to update the wards so we can all be save!"Did he just say owner? But this castle is like, a thousand years old!"And this year is also the owner his thousandth birthday! So he and his entire clan come here to celebrate"Clan? Thousandth years? Just who or what is that guy!"And we should all be cautious because they are Vampires! But don't be scared, just don't provoke them. And the owner is a Vampire Prince so please be polite!"I could see every student their mouths hang open wide, I think mine is on the floor And everywhere I could hear whispers"Vampires has Dumbledore gone crazy""Poor Dumbledore has lost it..""I want to go home!""Wait till my father hears about this!"And then, They came in..They were with 3, 2 tall figures and one smaller. All wearing dark hooded cloths, I couldn't really see their faces, or even hear their footsteps. Freaky.And when they came at the front Dumbledore bowed deed before the smallest and middle person. And all the teachers followed."Welcome your highness, I hope you had a pleasant trip?" I heard Dumbledore say."It was okay, bit cold and wet, do you have our rooms ready and the fires lit?" The prince sounded very cocky and arrogant but also familiar."Yes your majesty" Poor Dumbledore was still kneeling because the prince did give the sign to rise."Good good. Has the accommodations for the other been prepared? And the blood supplied? The food restocked, the vermin exterminated?" soooo arrogant! But finally he gave the permission to stand, and then let down his hood. And when he turned I got a good look on his face.What was my boyfriend doing in Hogwarts!
