A/N: This is going to be a small series of one-shots about child cruelty and hardship in all their form. This will be updated even more sporadically than any of my other fanfics.Fly on the Wall - 1"What are they?" asked Fleur."A Human family," buzzed Fred."What are they doing and why does that one lookscared?" asked Fleur as she moved across the room for a closer look."The big one is called a man and the other, the scared one, is a boy. The man is shouting at him because he has made a mistake in his work.""Do all humans shout when boys make mistakes?" Fleur queried looking closer at the boy and his work."No. This man is a bully. He feels better about himself if he can make other humans feel bad. That boy loves that man and wants to make him happy but the more the man shouts and hurts him, the worse the boy does," hissed Fred, "Come on Fleur I want to show you something."Fleur watched and then followed Fred as he flew out of the open door and across the garden to another human home. Fleur zoomed after Fred as he went through an open window. She saw him land on the wall and she was soon settled next to him."That boy is doing homework too," exclaimed Fleur, "and that man is sat with him. What are they doing with their faces and what's that noise?""They are smiling and laughing. If you look closely it is the same work the boy next door was doing but what is different here?" murmured Fred."That man is not shouting, the boy is not scared, and they are both happy. Maybe the work is easy for this boy?" said Fleur."No. The biggest thing is the dad wants to help and knows shouting will not work so he is making the learning fun.""Why don't all humans make learning fun?" asked Fleur."Some don't know how to and some are just mean and want to make others feel bad." Fred said sadly.Fleur quietly flew around the heads of the humans to look closely at their faces before flying back to Fred."That boy has a lovely face and it is perfect. The boy next door had a cut and a bruise on his. I wonder what happened.""Some humans can hurt little humans and that's bad. But what is worse is that they frighten the little humans so much that the little humans do not want to tell anyone else how much they are hurting," sighed Fred."Oh no, that is so sad but who can they tell? Why should they tell?" asked Fleur."They need to tell because they might grow up thinking all little humans should be treated like this because they can't be a fly on the wall like you and me. We can see which way is best." Fred paused and then flew to the window.Fred and Fleur buzzed back to the house next door and sat on the back of a chair and watched the little human as he cried."The little human needs to be brave and tell another big human like a teacher, a police officer, another big human, or even phone Childline on 0870 336 2950 as they all want to stop little humans from being hurt." Fred buzzed crossly.Fleur zipped down to the little human and whispered in his ear, "Be brave little one. Tell someone why you are so sad as they will try and help."A/N: If I get five Favourites and ten Follows, depending on reviews, I'll update.
