Chapter One: FleshAuthor's Note: This is a mature chapter. I will warn you that one part is meant for adults only. I will mark the beginning and ends of this. You can read this, but I will not be blamed for underage children reading this. I have put a warning at the top for a reason. I do not own Harry Potter or any of the characters listed. This is kind of AU and a Dramione fic. I've stumbled across this ship and LOVE it. I wanted to do a slight OOC type of fic with the two of them. However, still maintain thathatred towards each other, which isn't much in this chapter. It will be in the next chapter and it will begin to die down again once the two warm up to the idea of being together. I will not spoil any more of this story.Hogwarts was the place for all sorts of things to occur. Recently, since the battle of the Death Eaters at the Department of Ministries, the trio of friends had found themselves in a depressed state. Hermione found herself in the one place that had always made herself feel better; the library. Scanning the books, the wild-haired brunette carefully read every word of The Prophecies of Witches and Wizard: The Complete Guide. The prophecy was destroyed when the sphere shattered. Hermione, taking interest in what it meant, had rattled her brain with every possible explanation, which would help her avoid Harry being the one to die. She did not want to lose one of her best friends, especially at such a young age. He often gloated about being the "Boy-Who-Lived", which did not help his ego at all, and Hermione found that worrisome.A small noise came from the bookshelf next to her and Hermione's curious nature set in. Walking around, she noticed the familiar pasty, blonde-haired male that she had grown to despise over the years. The gray eyes of Draco now met with her brown eyes. Unlike most times the two had met, Draco's eyes didn't hold a trace of distain for her. It seemed unrealistic to her. What had happened that made him look at her differently? Clearing her mind of these questions for the time being, the brunette turned around and started to head back towards her book, only to find it gone the next moment along with Malfoy. Gritting her teeth, Hermione grabbed her bag and started back towards the dormitories. This was not going to blow over so easy. Of course, she understood that Draco had a duty to his father and his father to Voldemort. However, it was frustrated to have started something without reaching any results.The "brightest witch of her age" walked into the dorms and looked at her two best friends. Still upset, she sat down next to them. Ron and Harry both wore curious, yet worried expressions on their faces."What's wrong Mione," Ron asked."I was reading up on this prophecy about Harry and Voldemort," she started, "Then I heard an odd noise. Therefore, I went to see who was there. Draco was standing there with an odd expression, one I had never seen before. When I turned around to go back to the book, it was gone. He took it. I am no close to figuring this riddle out.""Hermione," Harry stated, "I wouldn't worry about it so much. We'll figure it out. I promise.""Alright," Hermione admitted defeat.Getting up from her spot, she headed up the stairs towards the girls' side of the dorms. It seemed that, at that moment, Hermione would spend another sleepless night trying to figure out Draco's look. Thinking on it, it seemed almost fearful of what he was going to do. Hadn't he been set up for the Dark Mark over the summer? At least, that was the rumor going around the school currently. Once past midnight, Hermione went over to the location where Harry stashed his Invisibility Cloak. Grabbing it, she wrapped it over herself. Heading out of the Gryffindor dorms, she headed towards the Slytherin House. However, half way over, she noticed Draco heading towards Snape's office. Pulling off the cloak, she went over to Malfoy and hissed at him (not literally)."What the hell Malfoy," she hissed, "How dare you steal the book from me? I have half the mind to give you a proper punch, but I wouldn't stoop so low.""Listen," Draco said, without a hint of malice in his voice, "I'm sorry. I had to. The Dark Lord is truly angry with my father about this whole situation, which result in him threatening my family. I don't want my mother, of all people, to get hurt. She truly cares for me, unlike father. I just cannot sit idly by as my mother is threatened. I think you of all people would understand what it was like for a family member, or someone that feels like family, to be threatened. Despite my hatred towards you, I meant you no ill will. I digress for my actions this afternoon. If you work with me, I can offer some assistance with the prophecy. My godfather is close with The Dark Lord. Perhaps I can get it out of him. The prophecy meaning that is.""I'm still crossed," she retorted after he apologized, "But help would be beneficial for all parties involved. I'm certain that we can become some sort of allied group.""Allies," he hissed, "I do not believe we can be allies. I can only assist a mudblood so much."At that moment, Hermione realized the word was forced from his lips. It wasn't like he wanted to call her that, which startled her. It seemed that he was changing. Perhaps it was the fact that they would be working towards a common goal; getting rid of Voldemort. Draco, despite his actions, cared for some people very much. A small smile came over Hermione towards the young Malfoy. His gray eyes met hers again, but this time was different. He seemed calmer having said all that he needed to say to her. At that moment, the Room of Requirement appeared. Perhaps it was telling the two to have a conversation. Maybe both of them needed a quiet place to speak. It wasn't like the two of them were going to do anything."Come on Malfoy," Hermione said, extending her hand out.Grabbing it, he nodded and followed in suit. For the first time, she realized that he was truly vulnerable to any attack. Unlike him, she would not harm him at all. Hermione found her violence only when something really got under her skin, but nothing was bothering her at this moment to even attempt to hurt the blonde following her into the room. Standing in front of her, the only male in the room tried something he didn't have the guts for before. He kissed her. Confused, the muggle-born witch kept her eyes on him. She was rather inept towards others feelings towards her. Ron had told her over the summer after the Tri-wizard Tournament that he had feelings for her. She had to turn him down. Sure, she had feelings for him and was often jealous of his newfound relationship. However, Hermione didn't want to break up the three's friendship. Thinking about the kiss for a moment, she decided to return the kiss in suit. She had never thought of Malfoy like this at all, but she wanted to see what it was like. This was her true first kiss, which she never would have guessed it would be Draco. Once he broke away from the kiss, Hermione felt a flutter in her chest. The only other time she had felt this flutter was with Ron, when he confessed his feelings for her. This was all so new. The Malfoy stood there with a neutral expression. She knew he was trying to find comfort in the only person who knew the truth besides his godfather.-MATUREAllowing him to proceed, she pulled him in for another kiss. This was a bit taboo for him and was unusual for her. The "Golden-Girl" wasn't being so pure at this moment. Feeling a buildup in her nether regions, she hadn't ever experienced this before. Kissing her more passionately, Malfoy pulled at her skirt. Once the two were naked, Hermione felt exposed and unclean, but let him continue. Once he was aligned with her, the young pureblood pushed into her slowly. At first, he couldn't find a good rhythm with her being so tight and the two of them being virgins. A small trickle of blood came from Hermione as her hymen was penetrated. The blonde stopped, but continued once Hermione said it was fine. It seemed that this was completely out of character for the "Golden-Girl", but she was a hormonal teenager and had needs. Ron nor Harry would not consider doing what Malfoy had started, which she was finding enjoyment in. The bright witch was giving into her devilish side. Finally finding his rhythm, Malfoy started to hit Hermione's G-spot and she started to moan with pleasure. A foreign feeling for both of them, the sex was a bit awkward. Still, it was enjoyable. Ramming into her harder and harder as he felt the pressure within building, Hermione felt that same pressure building within her. The two were panting and creating friction between them. The sweat was trickling over Malfoy's blonde brow. He seemed to be struggling to finish, while Hermione was on the edge of an orgasm. Pumping harder, Malfoy finally found himself blowing inside her, which sent the brunette to her breaking point. The two collapsed and lay there for a while, trying to find their breath again. The young Gryffindor felt unpure, but good at the same time. It was odd. Looking over at Draco, she noticed his gray eyes scanning over her body. His eyes held a different type of look to them once again. This wasn't hatred, anger, sadness, or defeat. It was caring and loving. It was something the witch had seen before from Malfoy. Usually his stare was cold, but this was warm. It was frightening. Once she analyzed the situation, she was the first to speak."We will never speak of this again," she stated, "Fair?""Of course," he replied, "I wouldn't want it getting around that I spelt with a filthy mudblood.""Good," Hermione retorted, getting to her feet uneasily."Are you alright," Malfoy asked."Fine," she replied, "I'm fine. Now, I'm going to go back to my dorm and pretend that this never happened. Tomorrow, we will go back to being semi-allies semi-enemies.""Can't wait," he replied, a hint of lust in his voice."Are you trying to seduce me," Hermione snapped, flustered."Is it working," Draco questioned."No," the brunette answered in a stern voice, "Now, if you will excuse me, I'm going to get dressed."Once again, she felt his eyes scanning her naked body as she dressed. This was so uncharacteristic of her and she knew it. What would she tell Harry and Ron? Why did she even have to tell them? It would just be weird if they knew that she had let their enemy have his way with her. The situation would become convoluted and the pair would believe that he raped her, which was far from the truth. The pair in the room looked at each other once dressed and nodded."Listen," Draco said, grabbing her hand as she tried to leave, "Thank you for the comfort. I know that it was a bit out of your comfort zone and I have no idea why I'm saying this, but I am grateful. However, if you tell anyone, I will not hesitate to kill you.""Fair enough," the Gryffindor replied, "And the same goes for you. You know I know every spell created and will use any of them to torture you if word gets out. I don't want people knowing that I put out for such a vile man, which I am still trying to figure out for myself."-MATURE ENDHeading out of the Room of Requirement, Hermione draped the Invisibility Cloak over herself once again and headed back to the dormitory. Heading inside, she walked carefully up the stairs after putting the cloak back. Wiping the remaining blood from the side of her thigh, she looked at herself. Hermione still questioned her motives of sleeping with that pureblood bigot. Part of her believed it was because she cared about others so much, but part of her believed it was because she needed to experience sex. Perhaps it wasn't something that 16 year olds should be so content on doing, but she had enjoyed it too much. Considering Malfoy had taken her virginity, she felt a bit odd. It was thrilling and she felt a rush of adrenaline from this evening. However, she was not aware of the consequences that lay ahead for her.
