Hi everyone :)So, please tell me if there are any problems with my story. I really appreciate comments, and followers, of course! So...enjoy!The Bach Chapter One: The Summer HomeRose looked out the window as her older cousin James drove the blue truck. Her red hair was braided down her side, a few curls escaping here and there. She was wearing a light blue dress, which matched her eyes well. Her cousins teased her a lot for loving simple Muggle inventions. Right then she had her earbuds in her ears, and soft love songs danced through her ears. The sun blazed on her skin through the open window. She loved the feel of the sun; and she loved the idea of a parent-free, completely cousin-only holiday.James had left Hogwarts last year. He had moved out of his parents house, and moved to the small surfing town. He worked at the Ministry, doing normal things here and there, but mainly he loved to spend time on the beach with Julie, his Muggle girlfriend. Julie was OK with the whole 'I'm a wizard' thing. She worked as a life guard at the beach; Rose didn't know what a life guard was, but she was eager to ask her all about what it was like to be a Muggle."Rose?" A soft voice said.Rose looked up. She was squashed against the right window; Hugo was against the left window, looking uncomfortable; Lily was in the middle, completely relaxed. Albus was humming in the front seat.Rose turned to Lily, who was the one who had spoken."Yeah?" Rose asked."Are you going to have a good time?" Lily asked quietly. "After what happened at Hogwarts?"Rose sighed. She knew that her cousins would find a way to ask about what had happened with her old boyfriend. Yes, she'd loved him. And he might've loved her, too. He was unmentionable. That was the first thing Rose had said when she'd woken up after the incident. What he had done to her was unmentionable.Rose leaned her head against the window. "Yeah. I guess." Her eyes went misty. She blinked the mist away.James eyes watched Rose in the rear view window. He cleared his throat. "Julie is going to meet us at a cafe across from the beach for lunch. She really wants to meet you, Rosie. She wants to teach you how to swim.""I don't know how to swim," Hugo piped up. "Can she teach me?""Nope," James said."Why not?" Hugo pouted."Because..." James hesitated. The answer was clear in Rose's mind: because you weren't raped. "Because you wouldn't like to swim, Hugo. You'd prefer to play volleyball on the beach with Albus."Lily reached over and squeezed Rose's hand.The drive took another hour until they passed the welcome sign into the beach town: Welcome to Blue Beach! Rose's eyes widened as she watched the humble, sleepy town pass before her eyes. This was the perfect place for a summer holiday; hot sun; flat roads, short distances; cafs everywhere; shops on every street; a long, stretched beach, with rolling waves and golden sand. Rose smiled as it passed by. People, young people, were skateboarding on the road, surfing on the beach, walking down the road and sitting in cafs. Not a single parent in sight.Good, Rose thought. She didn't want to see a single parent in the next two months here at Blue Beach."This is the cafe," James said. He pointed to the cafe across the road; it was green, and had an apple on it's sign. "I can see Julie's car."He drove across the road, and parked beside a silver car. Rose hesitated. When she took a step outside, it would begin; her holiday would finally begin. She would retell this story in later life to her children, telling them about the legendary holiday the cousins had, and it all began at a cafe.James jumped out of the car. Albus followed, and seemed in a bit of a teenage-boy mood. Hugo eagerly got out of the car, Lily sliding after him. James opened Rose's door for her; she swallowed and stepped outside. The gentle breeze hit her. Her body was instantly calmed by the warm sun kissing her skin. She breathed in a breath of awe and happiness."Please be nice to Julie," James begged his cousins. "She isn't used to magic quite yet.""So I shouldn't show her my wand?" Albus joked, pointing to his leg, where his wand was safely tucked into his shoe."No," James said sternly. "Nothing, OK? And maybe no talk of Hogwarts, either."Lily pouted. They all knew how much Hogwarts meant to Lily.James led the way down the broken path into the cafe. The door was wide open, welcoming the gentle breeze. The cafe was medium-packed, with friendly service taking people's orders. Some customers glanced up when they noticed the five wizards and witches entering the room. Rose rubbed her arm self-conscientiously, and James frowned. Lily didn't seem to notice; she strolled further inside, searching the room."So, where's Julie?" she asked her brother, James."There," James said, pointing to the table in the corner.Rose stared. The girl sitting in the corner had dark circles under her eyes, and she looked slightly pale. She had long, black curls, and wide brown eyes. She was small and thin, and looked very tired. Was she sick? She didn't look very healthy. Rose kept that to herself, though. She hid her smile when she saw the way James looked at Julie; like Julie was his sun. Julie looked up, and she smiled back at him. They're so in love, Rose sighed."Hi, babe," James said, bending down and kissing Julie's cheek. "Feeling better?"Rose was relieved. So Julie was sick."Yeah, I'm fine," Julie assured. James took her hand, and helped her to her feet."Guys," James said. "This is Julie. My girlfriend. Julie, they are Albus and Lily," he pointed at them, "my younger brother and sister. And they are Rose and Hugo," James pointed at Rose and Hugo, who waved at her awkwardly, "my cousins.""Hi," Julie said."It's nice to meet you," Lily said, shaking her hand. "James talks about you a lot."Julie blushed."Have you ordered?" James asked Julie.She shook her head. "I'm not really hungry.""I'm starving," Albus announced. "Can I get some fries, James?""Sure," James said. "I'll get us some drinks. Everyone OK with a coke?""Yeah," they all answered.They sat down as James went to get the drinks. Julie's eyes drifted between each person; she was obviously wondering what to say."So," Lily said casually, "you're a Muggle.""Yep," Julie said. "And you're," she lowered her voice, "a witch.""Don't worry," Lily said. "I won't hex you. I only hex Al, and that's because he's mean sometimes.""Only to Lily," Albus assured.There was a beeping noise from Julie's pocket. She fished into her pocket, and pulled out her phone. She typed something on the keypad, and pushed it back into her pocket. She seemed very casual about this; but Albus, Lily and Hugo watched with curiosity and amazement."What was that?" Hugo asked.Julie looked confused. "It was just my cell. Don't you guys have...?" she drifted away, noticing the looks of shock on their faces."A cell is just a mobile phone," Rose said quickly. "You can talk to people through it. Most Muggles have a cell, because it's convenient to have in case of emergency."Julie looked relieved."How'd you know that?" Lily asked.Rose shrugged. "I learnt it in Muggle Studies. And Grandpa taught me some stuff about Muggles; it's pretty interesting, really."They rolled their eyes. They hated Grandpa's Muggle speeches; they seemed long and relentless. But Rose was just like her Grandpa; she was fascinated by Muggles, and how they live."Do you have one?" Julie asked."Well, no," Rose said. "But I like the idea of a cell phone."James returned at that moment. He dropped six cokes on the table (coke was a Muggle drink that Rose had tried a few times when on holiday), and the taste of it's crisp, cold liquid refreshed Rose. She licked her lips to taste the escaped bubbles on her lips.Julie didn't touch her drink. She looked a little sick."Will you be OK for work, babe?" James asked. He wrapped his arm around her shoulders."Yeah," Julie smiled. "I'll be fine.""Did you order...?" Albus began to ask."You're fries," James finished. "Yes, I ordered some for the table. Their on their way."
