Chapter 1It was a cold night. Quiet, also. To quietHarry Potter, still awake at midnight, couldn't fall asleep. He looked over at Hermione Granger, his friend, and smiled. He got up and quietly left the room.Hermione, however, was also awake, not showing it to Harry, and acting as if she was asleep. She saw him leave, and slowly, quietly followed. She found him, outside the house, sitting on the shore of a small lake. She slowly walked over to him and whispered, "Hello, Harry."Harry jumped in surprise and saw it was Hermione. He smiled and allowed her to sit next to him. She was shivering a bit, so he gave her his jacket. Hermione saw this as a perfect opportunity and quickly pecked him on the lips. Harry went surprised at first, then kissed Hermione fully on the lips. The temperature dropped by 10 and Harry led her inside, where she could stay warm. She was only there because she accidentally locked herself out of her car that evening and she saw Harry's house was nearby anyway.She thought of this, and fell asleep. Harry was still awake, and went outside once more. But instead of sitting back down, he apparated to Ron's house. Ron awoke suddenly, hearing the *Crack* which meant someone apparated. He heard a knock, and went to answer the door. Seeing it was Harry, he asked what Harry was there for. Harry explained everything, from when Hermione got locked out of her car, to her waking at midnight. He didn't, however, tell Ron about the kiss. He knew Ron still liked Hermione, and couldn't bear to tell Ron, which could make Ron very jealous, or very angry. They talked, and at about 2 o'clock in the morning, Harry left.At about seven AM Hermione woke up, and began looking for harry, as he wasn't in bed. She went downstairs, and to her surprise he was cooking.Cooking.She had never known the great Harry Potter, the-Boy-Who-Lived, the-One-Who-Defeated-Voldemort, could and would cook breakfast for her. She walked towards Harry, saying a sleepy, "Good morning, Harry," and she smiled, hugging him from behind."Mornin' Hermione. How'd you sleep?" asked Harry as he put fried eggs and bacon on a plate and began to set the table."I slept well. You?""I couldn't sleep, so I went to Ron's.""ok" said Hermione and she started to eat."I have work to attend to, and some young wizards and witches to teach. If you need me, Call me, Then apparate to the outer boundaries of Hogwarts, and I will come see you." Said harry, as he began to leave."Harry, wait!" said Hermione, quickly. She ran to him and gave him a farewell kiss, and said good-bye.
