Authors Note: Hello guys this is my first story posted. I have made stories in the past but that was years ago, now I have a fresh account. I hope you will follow and read my stories, I'm excited about making them again. This is taking place in the first year and will continue through out their grade years just so you know. Ill try to update as fast as I can, on to the disclaimer.Disclaimer: I do not own harry potter, this story is simple works in my mind for the entertainment of others.Summery: Draco likes Hermione and his feelings are growing over time, but Draco isn't kind or smart, he is inconsiderate, bossy, possessive and jealous. His affection and his pride as a pure blood make him cruel in many ways. Can Draco be someone Hermione can love, or even tolerate? Maybe not, she may just feel like a helpless insect stuck in Draco's web.Draco's WebChapter one: DoffleDeckersDraco watched a spider protect its web from the corner of the ceiling to avoid having to stare at Crabbe and Goyle as they stuffed chocolate frogs in their mouth drinking pumpkin juice almost as if to swallow it without even chewing. The sounds of their smacking disgusted him more than the insect he was watching. The web had a moth in it that struggled violently trying to get free, its thrashing only lead it to obtain its predators attention and become smothered in ropes of pre-made silk. He let out a chuckle catching Crabbes attention to himself, then to the web."Bloody hell doesn't that old hag ever clean in here?" He was referring to the Slytherins old house elf that gossiped more than she has swiped with a broom. Most likely she was in the girls dorm talking to them about how many cowards were in Griffindor this year. Draco scoffed. "That ugly old troll would be better to wipe the walls of the dungeon than to touch the inside of this room with its dirty hands. I cant stand looking at it." Crabbe picked up the broom to kill it but he was stopped mid way. "Leave it alone" He snarled stopping him like venom to its victim. "I need something to distract me from your nauseating smacking, It sounds like swine feeding on its last meal" He gestured to Goyle who slowed down after meeting his eyes. "Ugh, I'm going for a walk." Draco got up and headed for the entrance. "What about the spider?" Crabbe called to him. "Kill it, and I will turn you into a real pig." The bricks to the common room closed leaving them dumbfounded for a second, but then they quickly decided to scarf down their snacks before he came back.Draco made his way through the busy halls down to The Great Hall, shoving students away that wouldn't move quick enough. There the tables were getting cleaned and the house elfs were putting the chairs and tables away for the day. One brave house elf came up to him with a plate of goodies. "Are you hungry young master?""Ew." Was his only response as he left quickly. The more he walked around trying to find anything to do, the more time passed and bored he got. The halls were quiet now since it was almost after curfew, just before he decided to go back to the comman room he heard a loud squeal that echoed through the hall. He raised an eyebrow and looked around, after seeing no one he was about to leave when he heard it again. He stared in the direction of the noise, then out of curiosity and boredom he decided to see what it was. The halls were empty and the shrieks echoed off the walls making it hard to locate. He followed the minor shrieks to a room, where he heard panicked huffs and a female's voice repeating, "Oh no, oh this is bad."Then letting out a panicked yelp again.He furrowed his eyebrows and pushed open the door. There he saw a girl standing on top of a desk, staring at him like a deer caught in headlights. A pile of smoke was rising out of a broken window. Is she off her rocker? Her hair looked a mess, her face is covered in soot and she was surrounded by open books."What are you doing in here?" He demanded walking toward her with superiority." It's almost night time and your yelling like a banshee." She raised her hands quickly motioning for him to stop "Shhhh! Don't move, just hold on for a minute." She said sharply, attempting to get off the desk, then looked up seemingly hearing something."Excuse me!" He scoffed walking towards her "Are you giving 'me' orders, do you know-" Just then the door slammed behind him, snapping her attention back. "...You idiot..." A herd of huge insects came out from a hole in the bottom of a wall as she picked herself back up.He quickly got on top of the desk next to her letting slip a whimper. "What the bloody hell are those!?" His voice cracked as he kicked the books from the table and watched brown, apple sized looking roaches cover it with little effort."DoffleDeckers, they are harmless, but can leave you sick for days. They are usually found on ship decks." She sounded like an encyclopedia, that was his second impression. "Okay and what are they doing here?" He asked in a shrewd tone. " I was trying to invent a better way to repeal them for a contest I saw in the Daily Prophet only-""Who cares." He interrupted "Just make them go away it's almost after curfew... oh wait..." He looked at her more closely, making her turn her face away a bit. "Your suppose to be smart, right?" She looked up at him rather confidently as he continued. " I remember you now, you're that Granger girl who always has your hand up in class, not so clever looking now that you're hiding from a bunch of vermin." He snickered arrogantly. "Looks who's talking" She mumbled, grabbing a old looking book. "I 'have' the book to disperse them here." She waved it at him as he stood up on the desk. "Then give it to me!" He snatched it away roughly, while pulling out his wand."You don't understand-" She started."Shut up." He interrupted and opened the book scanning its contents. "You can't, I've tried." She attempted to snatch the book back, but he turned out of reach and pointed his wand at the group of squirming vermin."Draco!""Accio!" He called out with a wave of his wand. A slight roll happened in the bugs, and the room was almost flooded with DoffleDeckers." What just happened?" He asked, receiving a sigh from her as she rolled her eyes. Then pulled the book from his hands."You can't get rid of them with a banishing charm, they will only multiply." She sat down and opened a new book. "Why didn't you tell me that?" He retorted, only to be met with a glare."What?" He snapped."It isn't my fault! Why does that book say that's how to get rid of them in the first place!?" He demanded while turning his back to her before she could respond. He noticed the bugs collect back into the wall, barley able to fit, and made a quick decision to run for the door."Wait!" She called out, being ignored yet again as he tried loudly, but effortlessly to pry the door open, when he saw the massive insects coming out of the hole, scattering and hissing about after hearing the ruckus. Draco quickly pointed his wand and fired a few spells at them, before retreating to the desk Hermione was on.He scrambled on top of it and almost knocked her off, if she didn't grab on to his cloak. With a loud rip, she fell on his legs, hitting her chin against his knee. "Ouch, that hurts!" He yelled at her "Get off!" she glared, tempted to push him off the desk but refrained herself. After a moment he started to notice they were still multiplying he looked at her for an explanation "They also multiply naturally on their own, one became two, two became four then one of them crawled into a hole in the wall over there and started multiplying on their own""And I thought you were smart" He kicked a book from the desk then started yelling for help. The insects were no longer able to fit inside the walls hole and were crawling everywhere across the floor. The sound of crawling coming from the walls only tempted Draco to yell louder.She closed her book no longer able to take it "If you didn't move we could have made a run for it when you opened the door! Now that I found the reverse spell for the door right here" She waved the book again "we no longer have any hope to get out untouched""Your the one who summoned them in the first place Granger" He grabbed a book scanning the pages then tearing its contents out in frustration "if you were as smart as you try to act they'd be gone already, your reading a book over a decade old... What's wrong with that door Granger." He said accusingly. She looked down slightly embarrassed "A spell I tried using to get rid of them backfired but I found it now." "Well isn't that just great." He replayed sarcastically and they both fell into a silence. After a few minutes she gave him the book of Rapid Insect Repellents. "Here, look" She showed him the book then nodded toward the shelf further from them "Its to keep ResterRats from invading, but it might be enough for them not to touch us.""Well grab it." He commanded. Hermione jeered at him "And how am I suppose to get to it, with a floating spell?" She said backhandedly."Don't you know one?" He asked in a matter of fact way. She shook her head no "We are barley going to learn how later this year" he sighed tiredly and tried to give the book back, but it was shoved back into his hands "Your giving up to quick.""Excuse me?" He said sharply "'I'm not the one that got us into this, if 'I' got sick and my father found out this was 'your' fault, he'd be furious." He threw the book in the sea of DoffleDeckers in frustration, and she was almost certain he indeed was a idiot "We need to move across maybe if you jumped" he inquired. Hermione waved once in front of his face to stop him "we could use the chairs?" she said losing all hope in him. "It would be more entertaining if you jumped." he pursed his lips looking across to the red bottle. She ignored him and grabbed a chair. "I'm going to work my way across to it." she went back to find another chair. "This is demeaning, your lowering us to muggle standards." He dusted off his robe. "Whats wrong with muggles" she snapped "Most have a better personality than yours." he looked shocked and then sneered at her "Your joking right? ...you must be a half blood" she appeared to ignore his remark.She placed the chairs in front of her one at a time till she reached the desk at the other side of the room. He refused to cross the chairs and risk falling so he called over to her from across the room "Spray it on something and see if it works" she grab a statue that was on the desk coating it generously. She dropped it into the now sea of DoffleDeckers and watched as they instantly repelled three feet, she let out a sigh of relief. She took a deep breathe and sprayed herself head to toe, front to back. Draco watched her intensely "Hurry up" He called and she slowly took her first step down, the bugs scattered three feet away just as they did with the statue. Draco waved to hurry so she made her way back over giving him the spray which he took rather greedily. He held his breathe and pulled the sprays handle....poof...Nothing came out. "You've got to be kidding me?" he tried over and over again but only bits came out, he then placed his attention to her with a angry stare "If you try to leave here without me, my father will have you expelled from this school.""Don't worry just stand close behind me and well get out together" She felt some pity since this was her fault, but his personality really did make her want to leave him to be swallowed in the sea of over sized looking roaches. He looked at her suspiciously "Oh just hurry up before I really do leave you" she snapped. He cleared his throat and hesitatingly positioned himself behind her grabbing her waist almost instantly receiving a vexed look from her "I need to or I lose my balance stupid." he looked away his eyes avoiding hers. It became surprisingly quiet as they tried to move together synchronized.Her hair tickled at his nose while he tried to keep his face away 'At least it smells good... its probably cheap though' he thought trying to slowly stay at the same pace as her. 'Or is that her laundry detergent... what if shes so poor she uses laundry detergent and that's why her hair is always so untamed' he eyed her hair till curiosity got the best of him. He moved his head towards hers and tried to take a better whiff. Any other girl would have had strawberrys or something fruity but this was more refreshing. Like... summer rain... no flowers. 'It has to be laundry detergent.' He finalized, his face covered in disapproval 'If her clothes smell the same then it really is it'. He looked at her as she stopped. She opened the book and began going through it unaware of him much to his delight. This would be his only chance to see if it really was what he suspected, he quickly bent down to act as if he was going to scratch his knees.WhamHer elbow hit his face really hard making him take two steps from her then letting loose a howl of pain. At that moment he felt a DoffleDecker crawl up his leg. He shrieked in terror as another one ran up , terrified Hermione pointed her wand at the door "Alohomora!" The door slammed open and she grabbed his upper arm to pull him with her out but Draco now having five DoffleDeckers on him was too much in horror that he lost his balance. He tripped on his own feet grabbing at her robe. They landed outside the door while the DoffleDeckers spread out invading open classrooms "Ow... ow!" She repeated as he shook like a dog till the last DoffleDecker ran out his pant leg being repelled by the spray Hermione still had on. He let out a sigh resting the back of his head down on the cold ground."Get off!" She hissed from below him as he just realized she was still there. His face twisted with shock and he quickly removed himself from above her. "Why did you hit me in the face?! I-I was only scratching my knee!" He stuttered angrily looking at her with an accusing face, Hermione got up and dusted herself off "You should have told me! I was grabbing my wand from my robe, I didn't know your face would be there." She put her said wand back into her robe. Draco looked at her in disdain "You're a really unlikable person""so are you" she mocked."We'll yo-Achoo" He sneezed before he could argue with her any further. "Oh no... You're getting sick?" She grabbed his face looking at it closely. This alarmed him but he didn't move, being looked after was a habit and he could feel his dominance resurfacing "No purple dots yet...but your face will probably swell first." He pushed her away angry "Purple dots? My face will swell? Just how sick will these vermin make you!?" He demanded but she was reluctant to say anything further "Your really going to pay for this Granger."Just then loud footsteps were heard coming from the hall. They both made a run for it but heard the sounds getting closer. Hermione grabbed his arm and pulled him with her into a enclosure like corner. Professor Snape and McGonagall appeared followed by Filch holding their wands up lighting their surrounding area. Filch had an eager look "I just saw hundreds of DoffleDeckers coming out of class 62, the're students out of bed trying to infest this school." The enclosure that was covered in darkness was just enough for them to go unseen only their faces were three inches apart from each others. They tried to stay far from the light illuminating as possible by squeezing to the back. "Stop moving" He hissed quietly as possible. Dumbledore appeared and joined in their conversation about evacuating the school to kill all the DoffleDeckers at once. At this point Herimone was moving too much for him to ignore. He looked over angry but seeing her face was blushing almost cherry red and her eyes sealed shut tightly this struck him immensely. He tried to stay still and pretend he didn't see her but it got more embarrassing by the second till finally he couldn't take it anymore and pushed himself out toward the teachers his own face twisted with embarrassment."Draco Malfoy what do we owe the pleasure?" Professor Dumbledore announced "...Draco, was it you who summoned the DoffleDeckers" Snape chipped in with a disgruntled look on his face. Draco looked back at the enclosed area which was still too dark to be seen with their wands from that distance 'shes going to pay for this' "...Yes" he continued to look over toward the area then faced his attention to the ground at thier feet. Professor McGonagall let out a huge sigh "Why on earth would you think to do something so foolish?" He thought for a second as Snape eyes bored into him with anger and Filchs smile got wider "It was an accident. There was this contest in the daily prophet for repealing DoffleDeckers and I was wanting to win, but it got out of control" He stated avoiding their eyes, he glanced back to the dark space quickly too make sure she wasn't coming out in some noble Gryffindor way. As the teachers argued with themselves about how to deal with the outbreak Filch grabbed Draco by the hood "A years worth of detention for him should be well suited or... expulsion." Draco quickly started re-thinking what he did, but Dumbledore pulled Filchs hand away softly "Sometimes mistakes happen with the best intentions, I believe we may let this slide" He gave him a slight nod as he glance up in the dark area.'Don't get the wrong idea you old kook' He thought viciously as the teachers started to lead him back to his dorm. He took one more glance over to where he left, her face popping out of the enclosure was masked in confusion then disappeared with darkness.
