AN: We don't own Harry Potter. I wrote this with Hufflepuff-swagger. Please read her fanfics too.Your a Witch HermioneIt was a normal day at the Grangers house, or so it seemed. Hermione was reading her books and she looks up and her books flew off the shelf! She had been reading a book about magic and wizards\witches and thought it would be amazing to do it and it worked. 'What?' She thought he mouth open in aw. All of a sudden her mom yelled "Hermione you have letter!"Hermione ran down the stairs. "Who's it from?" She asked. "No idea it doesn't say," her father told her. She turned the letter over and it said The Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, then she opened it."Dear Miss Granger,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted to Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find the enclosed list of all the necessary books and equipment.Term begins September first. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagallDeputy head Mistress""But your father and I are not witches or wizards, so how can you be one." All of a sudden there was a loud crack and a very old man wearing a blue cloak appeared. "Hello I'm Albus Dumbledore Headmaster at Hogwarts. Miss Hermione is what we call a muggle born witch, meaning she was born from non-magic parents. This isn't a joke I know it sounds strange but it's all too real.""We shall be on our way so say bye to your parents Miss Granger." "Bye!" And they are on their way. After getting all the supplies she needed they went to Flurish and Blotts, she got a few extra books than needed.After boarding the train she found a compartment with a boy. "Hello I'm Neville." "I'm Hermione," she said shaking his hand. "I've lost my toad again would you help me find it?" "Yes of course." After walking through half the compartments and asking about the toad she came upon one with two boys one had his wand out. She slid the door open. "Have either of you seen a toad?" A boy named Neville's lost one."
