I (sadly) do not own any of these characters, they belong to J.K. RowlingI spent the next 20 minutes or so talking to various people at the ball about school, the weather and our holiday plans. Although some of my fellow students were (suprisingly) interesting, all I could think about was the mystery boy. His intensity, how handsome he was, and how much I wanted to dance with him. That, of course, would never happen, I thought to myself sadly. I knew that thinking about him was pointless, because nothing could ever happen between us. We went to different schools and he'd probably never be interested in me. After all, no-one ever was. Deep in thought and self-loathing, I edged warily around the dancefloor towards my friends. I knew I should probably concentrate with so many arms flailing in the air, but I couldn't stop myself from thinking about him.Bam! I'd been so busy thinking about my new crush that I had walked straight into him. Embarrassed, I mumbled an apology, blushing profusely."It's okay, I'm fine! To be honest, you did me a favour. I've been looking for an excuse to leave this ridiculous dance for hours, and being covered in punch is a pretty good one. " he grinned. Still blushing, I let out a small smile. "It is pretty bad, isn't it? Allow me to apologise on my schools's behalf.""Apology accepted. Well, I've known you for a few minutes and you've apologised twice. This is going well!" the dashing boy joked. I laughed, at ease now. "Look, do you..erm..do you want to go outside? There's a lot of people here and...I...erm..."Smiling gently at me, he grabbed my hand and pulled me out of a side door onto the lawn.The music swirled around us as the moon cast down a glowing, almost ethereal light. I shivered in the cool night breeze like one of the saplings surrounding the school. Looking concerned, he took of his suit jacket and draped it around my shoulders. It dwarfed me, but I smiled gratefully nevertheless. Suddenly, I felt his warm arms around me as the music from the ballroom slowed down. I snuggled in close to him and we started to slowly spin around, like leaves falling from a tree in the autumn. He held me like this for the duration of the song, and it felt so perfect. I had never felt so safe and so loved as that long moment in his arms.As the song drew to a close, he pulled away from me, looking at me sadly with his deep brown eyes. They looked so serious, and I felt almost ashamed of myself because I was sure that my sparkling green ones were ruining the moment. I opened my mouth to say something, but he solemnly pressed his finger to my lips. "Shhh" As I stared into his beautiful chocolate eyes, he kissed me passionately. Whilst it wasn't as if there were fireworks going off in my head, I felt just as euphoric. My skin tingled and my senses felt sharp yet dull. He pulled away from me and drew me into his arms once more. "I love you, Viktor""Obicham te, Harry. I love you too"
