Hi! Um... So this is my second story, my first for Harry Potter. I write them on my phone, so errors are practically unavoidable. This is going to be decently long. I have through chapter 5 plotted, and the first two written. This WILL BE SLASH but idk what the pairing is going to be yet. It will not be Harry/Draco. Infact, I'll probably use a minor character. Harry Potter isn't mine.Please review :-)"Muggles!""Uggows!""That crazy old bat!""Owd ba!""Never mind that your old enough to walk! It's the middle of winter! Old coot didn't even bother with a warming charm!""Ugglows!"Lucius smiled as he made his way slowly to the alley way, keeping pace with the one year old holding his hand."That's right Harry. Uggows. Now don't tell anyone, but you saved me today. That means I owe you. Malfoy's always repay their debts. We're going to go get you checked out by a friend of mine, then get you the hell out of here."Harry gave a large grin and Lucius picked him up and apparated away.They landed in a large dead field behind a row of houses. The houses themselves had graffiti covering them on all sides and the windows were broken in. Lucius barely controlled his natural reaction to sneer and held Harry tighter as they made their way to the furthest house on the right.Lucius felt it the second they triggered the wards and within seconds a thin man with wide angry eyes and black hair was standing only feet away with his wand pointed at them.The man looked between Lucius and the baby several times before he lowered his wand."What have you done?""Good to see you as well, Severus! Why yes, I'd love to come in, thank you for asking!"Severus sneered but walked over to a glass door along the back of the house, muttering several spells at it before sliding it open.The inside of the small house was a complete change from the outside. It was warm and majestic and much larger then he had anticipated. The dark woods were offset by the many windows that brought light and warmth into the home and the sitting room was tastefully decorated in natural greens and browns."Please have a seat. Tea? No? Great. Now what In Merlin's name have you done?"Lucius grabbed a set of coasters off of the table and transfigured them into blocks for Harry to play with before turning to his friend."You and I have been friends for well over a decade Severus.""Yes and this somehow equates to having the savior and the dark lords right hand in my living room."Lucius leveled a glare at his impatient friend and continued."What I mean is that I know you. No matter what responsibilities you may have taken on at the time, you always had the same schedule. Since the announcement of Harry Potter's birth at the end of July, that schedule has changed. Of course I was curious. Color me surprised when I learned that change was made to accommodate meetings with headmaster Dumbledore at Hogwarts."Severus' eyes widened slightly in surprise before his neutral mask could cover it up. That was the only sign Lucius received that his thoughts were correct, but it was enough."I know where your allegiances lie Severus. I always have. And now I need your help."Severus stared at his friend for a solid minute, the only sound to be heard was the banging of blocks along the hard wood floor."Say my allegiance shifted. What's to say yours has as well?"Lucius sighed and ran his fingers through Harry's messy hair."It started when I was 16. I didn't want to be marked. I honestly didn't see the point in it. We were giving away our fortune, we were giving away our dignity, and what did we get in return? Promises? I remember throwing quite the fit in my more vanity filled teen years about how serving the dark lord was ruining my robes. The family motto has always been 'Malfoy's bow to no one' and here I was, replacing robes worth hundreds of gallons because they were worn at the knees."Lucius gave a humorless laugh before continuing."I did as I was told. I upheld my family name in the way acceptable to my father and let a half blood brand me like cattle, but I never enjoyed the fact."Lucius leaned back against the seat and Severus snapped his fingers for tea. A small elf named Ipsy brought out a tray and Lucius nodded gratefully."The final straw came only a few months ago. I was called out to a raid in Scotland and was trying to hide my disgust in myself as I tortured a husband in front of his wife when the order showed up. I got hit with the debris from a falling home before the order came to retreat. That night when I got home... Narcissa was already asleep. I could hear Draco beginning to stir and went to get him before she woke. He smiled when he saw me and started kissing the cuts along my face."Lucius placed his cup on the table and pulled Harry off the ground and into his arms."There was this perfect, innocent child, trying to heal the hurts of a murderer. I knew I wanted out, but I was in too deep. Harry saved me. And now I'm here to save him."Severus placed his cup on the table next to Lucius' and met the man's eyes."What can I do?"The results were staggering. Harry had the beginnings of a cold from being left of the doorstep, and that was only the beginning.Dumbledore had left a leech in the boys head. The leech was not only sucking out half the boys power and feeding it through a link to the dark lord, but it was damaging the boy in more ways then they could count. it was putting pressure on the boys eyes which could eventually lead to poor vision or blindness, but also it was damaging the boys brain. According to Severus the frontal lobe of the brain was responsible for motor function, problem solving, spontaneity, memory, language, initiation, judgement, impulse control, and social and sexual behavior. All of that may have been compromised had it not been removed.He could just picture it now, a savior who was socially and sexually awkward, with shite grades, who jumped into situations because he didn't know any better. And practically blind on top of it!Dumbledore's signature was also all over the block placed on the boys magic and a tie to a set of wards. The man had to have been trying to kill the boy. The boy only had access to ten percent of his magic, half of which was being fed to a maniac who killed his parents and the other half being sucked out by wards! It would've been a blessing had the boy not ended up a squib or dead.After seeing the extensive damage done to the boy, both men were more dedicated then ever to save Harry Potter.It took three weeks to find the solution and another two weeks to complete it. The answer was found in a small book buried in the Malfoy family library entitled "Magick Moste Rare". A golem made out of pure, solidified magic.The golem was a work of art. It was an exact replica of Harry without life or magic of its own. It's magical core was made up of Lucius and Severus' magic, masked by Harry's. it's vital signs were all artificial with compulsion charms tied in to make a nurse or doctor believe they were seeing what they wanted to. It's mentality was an exact copy of Harry's.The block, ward, and leech were meticulously moved from Harry to the golem and both men let out a sigh of relief. The golem would become exactly what Harry would have been if left with with the same handicaps. That night they dropped the golem on the doorstep of number 4 Privet Drive.Lucius walked through the light dusting of snow pushing a stroller in front of him.It had taken countless arguments with Severus to decide what to do with Harry once he was cured. The first plan had been to let Severus raise the boy, however It appeared once in Dumbledore's clutches, he could not escape. The headmaster had used his pardon as a means to secure a new potions master and Severus was to report to Hogwarts within the week.Lucius couldn't take him either. Both of them realized that Voldemort would eventually come back and when he did, Lucius would be the first person he'd contact. Added to the fact that Narcissa was already ruining his own son. The boy wasn't much older then Harry and already spoiled.Black was considered until his face turned up on the front page of the paper saying he'd been arrested. Lupin, it seemed, had disappeared.They went through a list of order members next, but there wasn't a single one who wasn't firmly in Dumbledore's pocket.Finally, they found a solution that would not only hide Harry, put perhaps save his own son as well.He felt the wards tingle around him at the same time as a previously hidden building snapped into sight. A woman in a black one piece dragon hide suit stood there with two armed guards at her sides."Mr. Malfoy?"He nodded once."And these must be Harry and Draco. My name is Snow. Welcome to Vigilat Academy."
