Death Watches ThemA/N: If it doesn't make sense, then sorry. And by the way, reviews would be wonderful, lovlies. -OatmealclairepieDisclaimer: None of this belongs to me except the plot, it's all J.K. Rowlings spectacular work. (tear)"Don't go, Scorp." Lily Luna whispered into his shoulder. He shook his head and pulled away, blonde hair glinting in the moonlight."I don't have a choice." He murmured. He stood and walked into the darkness. Lily Luna sat, tears streaming down her face.He didn't know, and now he never will, Death thought.She has only hours to live, and he will never see her again.The curse is taking control of her body, and she's trembling. Her lips are blue and her hands are like ice, but it's a warm summers night.The ghosts are calling out to her to join them. The angels wrap her in their wings, protecting her while they can.But nothing can keep the hurt inside of her from bringing her pain.A broken heart.A shattered soul.A dying body.Her green eyes are losing their color, turning dull grey with flecks of bright jade in them. She's growing tired, and she can't think.Suddenly, the universe explodes in her mind. She sees her life, the lives of others. Her blood is rushing faster than sound, her heart pounds in time to the drums she hears in the distance. Flashes of light streak across her vision, and she grows paler and paler.Hours pass.People look for her, her father is on the edge of panic. He knows she's dying, he could see it in her eyes. He wants to hold her, to see her live for one last moment.Lily Luna begs for Death to take her, to remove her from the pain.He watches her and smiles cruelly, his long black cloak waving in the wind.Her vision darkens, and the last thing she sees is the moon smiling down on her, wishing her a safe journey.She swears at it under her breath as Death picks her torn soul up and carries it away.They find her only minutes after she's gone. Harry and Ginny weep, their tears falling on her frail body. Her brothers hold her hands tightly, wishing for her back.Death does not relinquish her.Scorpius hears the wails of Lily's family and goes back to the spot where they had sat and said goodbye.He sees them bending over something.His heart stops, his breath catches in his chest.He starts running, faster than he ever had.It was her.Her wavy red hair splayed over her shoulders, her pale face at peace, her eyes open but not seeing.Scorpius falls over her and cries bitterly.She didn't tell him. She spared him. He sobbed angrily, cursing himself for being such a fool. He will not survive the night, Death knows.fin. 
