I just realized that no one has ever written a Harry Potter fanfiction from an OC deatheater point of view when the deatheater is completely evil. Here's the first chapter, so tell me what you think. Sorry for everyone who has been waiting for my other books, but they will be on hold for a little while.The red train in front of her was only slightly intimidating, being only half visible in a curtain of gray steam. Hundreds of students were boarding the train, and some saying farewell to their parents, then proceeding to drag their bags into the steam engine. The young girl took a deep breath, flipping her silky black hair over one shoulder, and boarded the train with her black, leather bag.Her heart beating wildly under her black sweater, she observed the interior of the train with mild interest, deciding to sit with a group of rich-looking kids, who were chatting idely. The group looked towards her as she opened the door to the car, one of them catching her eye. He was of a thin, but muscular build with professionally gelled, platinum blonde hair. He wore an expensive looking blue shirt with black dress pants, which just happened to match his tie. His ice-blue eyes bore into hers as she looked around the car for an empty seat. Finding one, she spoke."May I join you, or is this seat saved for someone else?" Her unique accent caused most eyes to widen. The blonde haired boy shifted to make room next to him for her to sit, but a slightly chubby boy gestured towards the seat beside him."Nope. The seat's all your's." She didn't miss the look of disappointment on the blonde's face."Thank you. Is this all your first time?" She asked genuinely curious to see who was new here."Yes, it is. Is it your's?" The blonde spoke. "I'm sorry, forgive my manners. I'm Draco Malfoy, and this here," He said pointing to the boy next to her," Is Vincent Crabbe, and that..." He continued, pointing to the boy by the window, " Is Gregory Goyle". She nodded."It is my first time. I am Malaysia Quijano, but you can call me Ice. Do you know much about Hogwarts? I just moved from France." The girl, Ice, replied, bored of the ongoing conversation. She had read Hogwarts A History quite a while ago, and was only trying to make friendly conversation."Its a pleasure to meet you, Ice. My mother and father told me of their years spent at Hogwarts, so I would say I know a fair amount of it's secrets." He wiggled is eyebrows suggestively. She mentally wrinkled her nose. Is he referring to what I think he's referring to? "Your accent is interesting. Is it a possibility you lived in the States as well?""I did. I was born there, and when I was eight, I moved to France. After living there for three years, I moved here.""What of your parents?" She grimaced. "Do you not get along well?" She hesitated."You could say that." She replied, not wanting to elaborate. She and her parents had very different opinions on things. For one, her parents insisted on living in a muggle city, where as Ice couldn't stand the thought of living with muggles. They were dirty and unworthy of any sort of contact with her."Oh..." Draco said, thoughtfully, then jumped up after looking out the window. "We better change into our robes, we're almost there."Ice looked out the window and was surprised to see not a shabby-looking boarding school, but a magnificent castle come into view. Somewhat enthusiastically, she followed Draco to go and change.After arriving at the castle, the group joined the rest of the first years and an enormous man by the name of Hagrid. As he was a half-breed giant, he was unworthy of her attentions. Draco seemed to agree, as he was spending most of his time avoiding looking at him. They exchanged glances. The headmaster must be a fool to let children come into contact with this freak of nature. They were going to get along well. Splendidly well.Sorry this chapter was so short, but if you would so kind as to review, I will post a longer one next. Thanks! 3
