So I've changed just a few things about Barty's original story, but nothing that changes the character. I just thought I should let you know before you read it and are like, "What? That's not what happened!" don't worry, it's still the same person with the same overall story and the same attitude. Nothing about him has changed. Anyways, I hope you enjoy this! It's my first Harry Potter sort of fanfiction, so please tell me what you think! ^.^Barty Crouch Junior sat alone in his prison cell, slumped against the wall, fiddling with the cuffs around his wrists absently as he stared out through the bars, listening intently as he always did. It was something he had made a habit of, listening to the whispers and screams around him. He had been here so long now, since his dreaded father had put him here, that he could tell what screams were that of torture, and what were that of a Dementor feasting. He could tell what whispers spoke of escape (a futile attempt, he knew), what whispers were spoke to oneself out of pure loneliness and sorrow, and what whispers were that of simply talking to a fellow cell mate.He wasn't allowed that pleasure. The guards and warden of Azkaban were afraid that if he had a cellmate, Barty might kill him. They may have been right. Something to pass the time, perhaps.As he strained his ears to listen to the agitated whispers in the cell next to him, his fingers scratched against the metal of his handcuffs, and he tried to pull his sweaty hand out of the cuff. As always, it didn't work. It didn't even come close to coming out. But, as always, that didn't stop him.After all, he was sentenced to death. He knew that. Why wouldn't he be? He had tried to kill Harry Potter. The Boy Who Lived. The name sounded vile in his head, and he tried to erase the young boy with the scar from his thoughts.Although, it had been fun masquerading as Hogwart's Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. Nobody ever suspected it had been him all along, even with him having to constantly drink a bit of that potion. But, if anybody would have ever asked him about it, he would have just given him that eye that Mr. Moody could so easily scare people away with, or told them it was a sort of alcohol, and none of their business. But the first was more likely.And he had been so close to completing his task. If only Dumbledore and his pathetic group of friends hadn't shown up at just the wrong time, Harry Potter would have been dead, and Barty would have been so well rewarded.But, here he was, sitting in his prison cell with the rats and scum that lived in Azkaban. But when he got back, somehow the whole jail had heard of what he had done, and his fellow followers of Voldermort had rejoiced, slapping him on the back and cheering as he was led by in chains. They all knew how hard it was to infiltrate Hogwarts, and also to escape Azkaban. And he had done both.But his fame had quickly diminished, like it always had. And he was to die in only a day's time. He would have one more meal before his Dementor would come along.He felt no regret for what he had done, and in his eyes, it was the right thing, the smart thing, and everybody else at Hogwarts were dimwitted frogs. But still, he didn't want to die. He was a powerful wizard, and he believed he could escape Azkaban again, somehow. And, obviously, the warden thought so too. That's why he was to die. He was too dangerous.He gave a laugh at that thought. A quiet, dark chuckle as his hands still struggled with the cuffs. The cuffs were new. Not many other prisoners had hand cuffs. Only the most dangerous ones. Sirius Black had had cuffs, and only a few others. Now he had earned them. And as annoying as they were, they were a reminder of his accomplishments. He had done well.He heard footsteps echo down the corridor, and immediately, whispers off to his left ceased. Those were escape whispers.The footsteps came closer and closer, and Barty cocked his head ever so slightly to listen, licking his lips. He looked up as a guard stopped outside his cell, looking pale and nervous, holding a tray of food. Barty could practically smell the fear on him, and it caused a twisted smile to light onto his lips.The guard bent down, took a key and his wand off of his belt. He cast a quick (rather simple) unlocking spell on the food door, and then unlocked again with the key. The small flap opened and the guard slipped the food under it, casting nervous looks at Barty.His smile stayed on his lips, and at the last moment, he lunged forward, pulling against his chains and causing them to jangle as he yelled something unintelligible at the guard. It caused him to gasp, lock the flap the same way he unlocked it, and take off down the corridor. Barty watched him scramble away, rocking back onto his haunches, his smile quickly vanishing. This was his last meal.It was pathetic. A rather stale slice of bread and small pitcher of water. He took the bread anyways, stuffing it into his mouth and enjoying it as much as he could. He savored the taste, knowing this would be his last.He devoured the bread in no time, and then grabbed the pitcher, throwing his head back and drinking deeply, enjoying the feeling of the liquid rushing down his throat. The water wasn't even cold. It was almost warm from sitting in some vat somewhere, but he still enjoyed it.When he finished his meal, his stomach growled loudly, hoping for more. Barty looked around hungrily, hoping for even a crumb that he hadn't seen, or had forgotten. He was still so hungry. They never gave him enough to eat here, and Barty thought it might be because the guards secretly hoped that he would eventually starve to death, and they wouldn't have to worry about him anymore. But they couldn't get rid of him that easily.But now, it seemed, they had had enough. It was just hours before he was to be killed. A Dementor would feast tonight.Barty slowly made his way back to his spot against the wall, slumping lazily against it, going back to absentmindedly fiddling with the chains around him. The whispers had started up again, and Barty almost laughed at their futile attempts to escape. No, you needed more than just half hearted whispers to escape this place.Eventually, he closed his eyes and fell asleep. He had no dreams. As much as he didn't want to die, he wasn't afraid to. The Dementors had never scared him like they did the other prisoners. Neither did the guards. He had always enjoyed messing with them as they walked by, screaming at them that he would get his revenge. It was just something else he did to pass the time. It was immensely boring in his cell.What felt like moments later, his eyes snapped open. He heard footsteps again. But this time, it was that of many guards. Heavily armored guards, at that. Barty woke himself up fully and crept forward, staying crouched down, his chains dragging across his messy floor."Alright, this is it." a voice rang out as they stopped in front of his cell.Barty looked up at the group with dark eyes, still staying on the ground. He licked his lips as one of the guards unlocked the door. He stayed absolutely still, his eyes flicking between all of them, perhaps looking for the weak link. Surely they wouldn't take his cuffs off, but they would have to unchain him from the wall. Then they would take him out of his cell, towards his Dementor. That would be his chance."Alright, Crouch. I expect an easy walk." the guard said, his voice coarse and hard.This one seemed not as afraid, although Barty could still smell fear on him. He stayed as still as a statue as the guard walked around him and to where his chains were attached to the wall. He used a spell and a key once again to take them off of the wall. As soon as his chains hit the ground, a sense of freedom rushed through him, except for the fact that at least four of the guards had stepped directly into his path in case he decided to make a run for it.No, not yet."Get up, Crouch." the guard said, grabbing his arm roughly.Barty stood up fully, a little wobbly on his feet. He was a bit taller than the guard, which brought a bit of a smile to his lips. The guard kept his hand firmly on his shoulder and pushed him into the crowd of other guards, who got into a formation around him, readying their wands as he stood in the center of them, head bowed.This certainly showed that they thought he was more dangerous. Others who had a death sentence normally had only one or two guard escorts. Barty had seven, all ready and waiting to blast him to bits with their spells. He almost laughed."Alright, walk." the first guard said, jabbing his wand into his back."Don't aggravate him!" a hurried whisper said off to his back left.There it was. The weakest link. He just had to wait for the right moment. When he was around a group of locked cells, so they couldn't get him into one easily. But he couldn't wait too long. That would be a lot of corridors to run up.His heart beat seemed to count the moments, and his blood roared in his ears. He kept his head down and ever so slightly walked just a bit slower so he was closer to his back left.On three.He drifted slightly more towards where the concerned whisper had come from.One.His heart sped up even more and he was sure the guards could hear it.Two.Adrenaline pumped into his veins. He steadied his breaths.Three.Suddenly, he dropped to the ground, spinning around in the process and knocking the guard to his left off his feet, sending him sprawling to the ground, screaming. He certainly had been the weakest link.He heard at least four of the other guards yell out a spell at the same time, aiming their wands at him. He dove out of the way, rolling into another corridor that led to a torture chamber.But another guard was close behind him, and he clapped his hand around his shoulder. Barty jumped up, yelling some sort of battle cry, and turned in the guard's grasp, running neatly up his body and knocking him to the ground with a painful sounding crack.Barty spun around to make his escape, blood pumping through his veins three times faster than normal, now sure he would make it.But as he turned, all his hopes were shattered.The guards were still there, but they had parted, looking even more afraid than they had of him. A Dementor was slowly floating towards him. His only way to run was blocked by it, and the other way only led to the torture room. A room he knew too well, and also knew didn't have a way out except for this way. He was trapped, and his death had come to him.His eyes flicked around anxiously for a way out, but saw nothing. This was it. That bread and water had really been his last meal. He closed his eyes for just an instant, remembering the taste of the dry, stale bread on his tongue, and the water satisfying his burning thirst. That was the last time he would ever taste that.
