Charlie,How have things been? Why bother asking, I already know the answer, hectic right? Well I have one less thing you and your family have to worry about. Fred and George! I found them, well actually they found me. They said they are sorry for leaving with no explanation but it would have been dangerous for you and your family to know. But no worries they are perfectly safe with me. They have already invited themselves to take up residency in my house. By the way next time you see Harry, kick his arse for me! He told Fred and George every embarrassing story, relationship, one-night stands, and even my old job for the summers!Anyway I can't tell you exactly where we are but I can tell you I have to go to...high school...in AMERICA. I'm sure your dad will just looove that. Honestly though its awful! Like worse than Snape's class. The people here are awful as well, it makes me miss people like Malfoy and Zabini. There have been 5 fights in 3 days. And all the girls are stuck up and walk around like they have sticks up their arse. I wish I could be at Hogwarts. So I know something that's going to happen and I need Harry to do something for me. I'll attach a letter to this for him. Please help me get him to do what I ask. I know he's not exactly over Cho but he needs someone. That someone, is Draco Malfoy. Don't tell him that part though. I know it's crazy but your just going to have to trust me. I'm just going to tell him to befriend him. Malfoy can be trusted. Harry will realize this once he gets to know him. Harry befriending Draco is Very important. Like Life or Death important. So if he throws a fit tell him to get the fuck over it. Oh and tell Hermione to get a move on with Ron. According to Fred and George they have been dancing around each other and it's driving everyone crazy.So how is Bill doing? Is he still after Fleur? And what about you, any love interests? Hmmmm? Pleeeassee tell me something! I have no info here, it's killing me! By the way, where have you been hiding the twins? I've never seen them when I visited to burrow... for 5 years! They are the hottest guys I've ever met...besides you of course :P They basically brought WWW with them... I'm a little worried, it's kinda hard to explain when strange things happen here. I really hate it here. I want to be at Hogwarts with Harry, Ron, and Mione. You have no idea how hard it is to be away from your twin. Fred and George are lucky Dumbles didn't separate them for a mission. I miss Harry soo much. I wish the old coot would stop interfering with my life. He's become a manipulative fool. He keeps making me gut my hair short to look like Harry. And he threw out all of my clothes and replaced them with boys clothes. I set them all on fire. I took some money from gringots and bought a whole new wardrobe full of clothes that are amazingly awesome and there will be no mistaking me for a boy ;P Anyway, Fred and George are ecstatic about meeting another pair of twins. They said the only other twins they know are the Patils but the twins say they are kinda bitchy and annoying. Sooo I'm officially looking for a boyfriend I think its about time I got over Cam and for the first time in my life I happen to agree with Draco. Cam is a muggle and he is inferior. Well maybe I don't entirely believe that but I'm trying. So this time no muggles! They can never truly understand me and my life. Any suggestions? You know you wanna help me out pleeeaassseeee!Your bestest friend everKaley P.
