This is my first fanfiction and I am sorry for how bad it is. It's going to be a multi-chapter- I hope. So review and favorite or follow I guess. (I don't really know; I'm new at this.)This prologue is kind of crappy but please- it'll get better I pinky promise. This is mostly just a next generation fanfiction but it will be SCOROSE. Disclaimer: I own nothing. I seriously wish I was the author of Harry Potter, but life is unfair sometimes.-WLWC-When a Lass Wants a Crown- Chapter 1: PrologueIt happened on the train, she remembers vaguely.It was always her and Albus and all of a sudden she was taken out of the equation.They were best friends and cousins. One of the strongest friendships ever was almost completely gone in a couple minutes and a few hellos.She blames part of it on herself, for going off to look for Alice Longbottom. How was she supposed to know that in those thirty minutes, Albus wouldn't need her anymore?She didn't know how she could be so easily replaced with the three boys.Was it because she read too much? Or was she too boring? Or maybe it was because later that night she was the first Weasley to not be sorted into Gryffindor?She was always meticulous and inquisitive yet she never understood the appeal of those three other boys. That was a lie- they were perfect.She wasn't introduced to them as "Rose, my best friend," but as "Rose, my cousin." At that moment, she knew something was up. She ignored it and still shook the three boys hands.I guess that's why she hated them because they replaced her in Albi's life. She was a girl and therefore uncool and not good enough for them.Who knew that Scorpious Malfoy would take her place?Who knew that Lorcan Scamander would help him?Who knew that a muggleborn, Simon Vine, would complete their foursome?How was she supposed to compete with the three of them, all perfect in almost every way? How was she, simple and boring Rose, supposed to be Albus' best friend when faced with three boys who would be the perfect best friends?And so she didn't. She decided she didn't need Albus to be her friend. He could do so much better than her. They grew apart and by fifth year, they barely knew each other. Sure they sat next to each other in family functions and gave each other a nod of acknowledgement in the halls but they didn't know each other.The four of them were MEANT to be together- it was predestined or something. They would unite the houses and their bonds were strong even though each was in a separate house. They were the face of the after-war children who overcame prejudice. They were loved by everyone they met.They were always supposed to be brothers.Maybe she should have fought for her place in Albus' life.But compared to the perfection of the three of them, Rose understood why it wasn't Albus and Rose anymore.She just wasn't good enough.
