"Mrs. McGonagall?" Lily walked up to her eleventh grade health teacher's desk after class, looking frantic. "Please tell me you've made a mistake. There's no possible way you could have paired me with Potter for this project!" James bloody Potter! The most arrogant boy in the whole school, next to his best mate Sirius Black, at least. Potter was captain of the bloody football team, and everyone looked to the boy as a hero of the bloody school! Anyone can kick a bloody ball into a net, it wasn't that hard!"Now, Miss Evans..." Mrs. McGonagall looked up from her book, gazing at Lily above her spectacles. "I know you and Mr. Potter have feuded over the years-""Feuded?!" Lily cut her off. "He's been getting on my nerves since Grade 6!""I understand that, Miss Evans. Which is why I think this is an excellent time for you two to get to know each other better." Mrs. McGonagall stated simply. "Believe me, I know how nerve-recking Potter and Black can be, I've given them more detentions than I can count. But I believe I made the right decision this time. And I will not be switching your partner under any circumstances. Potter is a bright boy, give him a chance." She smirked slightly. "Now, collect your baby and get onto your next class. You don't want to be late."Lily sighed and walked over to the desk, picking up the last baby doll available. She snorted as soon as she saw it. It seemed to have Potter's disgusting, messy black hair, and her green eyes. "Of course..." she sighed, rolling her eyes and turning towards the door."Oi, Evans!" James Potter called, shutting his locker and walking over. "Looks like we'll be working together, yeah? Is that our baby? He kind of looks like us..." He ran a hand through his hair. Lily scowled, she hated when he did that."Yes, it looks like it." Lily said through clenched teeth. "Just so you know, Potter." She practically spat his name. "I don't do anything half-assed. We're going to get a proper grade on this project whether you like it or not. I expect you to pull your weight. Don't expect me to cover up for you like those bimbos you and Black usually partner with. If you don't do your work, I'll be complaining to Mrs. McGonagall."James held his hands up in defense. "Don't worry, Evans. This project seems fun. Actually one I'd like to work on. Maybe you and little Harry here can come to my football practice after school? And then we can head to my house to get some work done?" He suggested."Little Harry?" Lily raised an eyebrow at him."Yeah, he looks like a Harry." James shrugged. As the bell rung, signaling the students to get to their next classes, he raised a hand to wave. "Gotta get to class. Can't be late again or Flitwick will have my head! See you later, Evans! Three o'clock on the football field!" He grinned and headed off towards his next class.Lily sighed. This was going to be a long three weeks. "C'mon, Harry. I suppose..." And with that, she headed towards class, dreading three o'clock."Great practice, guys." James nodded towards his team. "We'll do great at the game on Saturday. Durmstrang will never see us coming!""Working with Evans, Prongs?" Sirius smirked at his best mate. "How'd you manage to trick McGonagall into that?""Shut it, Padfoot." James rolled his eyes, taking off his shin guards and changing his shoes. "I didn't trick her, she just did it on her own. And I'd rather you not mess this up for me! I'd like to show Lily that I'm not all that bad. And that I'm responsible!""Why? D'ya think that she'll go out with you then?" Peter asked. He was named honorary water boy for the team."That's exactly what he thinks, Wormtail." Remus chuckled. "Lily will see right through you, Prongs. She doesn't put up with bullshit.""It's not bullshit, Moony!" James said exasperatedly. "Just because of some dumb pranks I pulled on her in grade 6, she thinks I'm a terrible guy! But I've matured, and I really like her! She thinks it's all some big joke." He sighed."Cheer up, mate. Here comes your bird, now." He nodded towards the redhead walking their way.Lily had enough of waiting on the bleachers. She couldn't stand the thought of working with Potter everyday for three weeks, and wanted to get today over with as soon as possible. He had plenty of time to talk with his mates after. The Marauders, they called themselves. She snorted. Out of all the dumb things you could possibly come up with... And they had weird nicknames for each other. "Potter! When are we going to get started? I'd like to be done working with you as soon as possible!"James rolled his eyes and stood up. "Right now, Evans. I was just packing up my things. See you lot later." He nodded to the rest of the marauders."Have fun with your wife, Prongs." Sirius snorted."Right, Padfoot. Got something for you." James pretended to reach in his pocket and pulled out his middle finger, aiming it at his best mate. "Have fun working with McKinnon. Hopefully you two can stop snogging long enough to actually do your project.""That's no fun!" Sirius called after him, laughing."What a prick." Lily rolled her eyes."Ah, you get used to him." James chuckled, leading Lily to his car. He walked around the passenger side and held open the door for her."Er... Thank you." Lily blinked, genuinely shocked at the kind gesture as she slid in the car."Of course," James nodded, shutting the door after her before walking around to get into his seat. "So, what is it that we have to do, exactly?""Well..." Lily dug in her backpack, pulling out their assignment sheet. "We have to act like real parents. Feed it, give it a bottle, put it to bed, play with it-""Him." James corrected."What?" Lily asked, looking up at him."Him. You keep saying 'it' but Harry is a boy." James waved his hand. "Continue.""Right." Lily nodded, biting back a grin at how seriously James was taking the project. "Sorry. Um, we have to take him places. And basically take pictures and keep a journal about how hard it is being parents. I suppose the baby will cry when we don't pay enough attention to it."James nodded. "Sounds good. So we'll take care of him together during the day, and switch him off every night? So we get to share the nighttime care." he suggested."That sounds fair." Lily nodded, again, surprised at how James was acting. "And I suppose since we're fake married, we could be on a first name basis." She suggested."Alright, Lily." He chuckled, pulling into his driveway. "My mum should have some of my old baby stuff we can use. She keeps everything." He rolled his eyes. "And beware, she's a hugger." He warned, hopping out of the car and running around to open the door for Lily."Thanks again, James." Lily smiled at him. Maybe working with him on this project wouldn't be so bad. "And I'm sure your mum is great.""One more thing." James reached up a hand to mess with his hair. "Sirius lives with us. I know you two don't get along, so we can stay in my room while we work and he won't bother us." He blushed slightly."He lives with you?" Lily asked curiously as they walked to the front door."Yeah, he had some family stuff that he couldn't deal with. So my mum and dad offered to let him live with us." James nodded, opening the front door and letting Lily in first. "Mum! I'm home! I have to work on a project, so my partner Lily is here. We'll be in my room!" He called."A girl?" Mrs. Potter hurried into the front hall. "You never bring girls home, Jamesie!""We're working on a project, mum." James blushed madly, sending an apologetic look to Lily."Hullo." Lily said shyly, smiling at Mrs. Potter. "I'm Lily Evans. You have a lovely home, Mrs. Potter." she smiled, taking the initiative and hugging Mrs. Potter first."Call me Dorea, dear!" Mrs. Potter beamed, hugging Lily back. "I like this one, Jamesie!""Mummmm!" James groaned, blushing even more. "C'mon, Lily. My room is this way." He nodded, pointing towards the stairs."Let me know if you need anything, dears." Mrs. Potter beamed at the pair."Sorry about that." James sighed, shutting the door behind them. "She's pretty embarrassing. But she definitely likes you. I can't believe you hugged her first!""I figured she'd appreciate it." Lily laughed slightly. "I like your mum." She said, standing by the door awkwardly."Oh! Make yourself comfortable." James motioned around the room. He had a couple of beanbag chairs in the corner, and Lily made her way towards one, admiring his football posters covering his walls."Your room is nice." Lily nodded, glancing at his desk with his computer, television and gaming console, and various books and trophies scattered around the room, and loads of pictures of him and his friends."Thanks." James smiled slightly, reaching up and messing with his hair again. "So, for the project..." he said, snapping Lily back to reality. "Do we have to do something journal worthy everyday?""That's what it seems like." Lily nodded, pulling out the assignment sheet again."I have a brilliant idea!" James grinned, jumping up and grabbing Lily's hand. He immediately pulled away. "Sorry!" He blushed, opening his door. "Follow me!""It's alright." Lily blushed just as much, following James down the stairs with Harry on her hip. "Where are we going?" She asked curiously."You'll see." James grinned, leading her to his backyard. "Close your eyes.""Why?" Lily looked at him suspiciously."Just do it!" James rolled his eyes, taking Lily's hand carefully. "I won't let you fall."Lily rolled her eyes before shutting them, hoping that she wasn't blushing too much when James touched her. She tried not to think about his strong arms leading her to god knows where..."Alright, open them!" James grinned."It's... beautiful..." Lily gasped, looking at her surroundings. They were in a small area, closed in by tall, well-kept rose bushes. There was a large, cherry blossom tree in the center of the garden with a tire swing hanging from one of its branches. Lily sat down on a park bench near the tree, looking at the many pink petals on the cobblestone path in the garden. "What is this place?""My mum likes to garden." James shrugged, sitting down next to Lily. "It's nice, isn't it?""Bloody gorgeous." She nodded, staring mouth agape at the nature around her. She noticed a small pond, with fish swimming around the fallen pink petals rippling on the surface."I figured we could use this as our first journal entry. Have a picture of you and Harry on the swing?" James suggested, pulling out his phone."Yeah." Lily nodded, standing up and making her way over to the swing. "Is it safe?""Yeah." James nodded. "The boys and I go on it all the time." He chuckled. "Go on, Lily."Lily smiled and sat on the swing, pulling Harry onto her lap and kicking her feet to swing with the small breeze. James smiled and took photos, and Lily felt little butterflies in her stomach, thinking about when he was holding her hand to lead her here. No, there was no possible way she was falling for James Potter... Or was she?
