This was a prompt given on tumblr, and I didn't really have a good enough idea for a full length, so these are all mini stories about different ways this could have gone. Don't own any of it. As I said, this was a prompt, and I'm not sure where the prompter got it from, so obviously credit for the idea goes to someone on tumblr.InkedSummary: Everyone is born with their soulmate's name tattooed on their wrist, but it isn't as easy as it sounds.Pairing: J/LWord Count: 676Rating: K+Lily Evans was not a morning person. The first thing she did every morning was take a cup of strong coffee and read the paper from front to back and then back again. Today was no different. Dressed in a fluffy blue nightgown, Lily yawned, absently scratching the name on the inside of her wrist. James Potter. She'd never heard of him.She doubted she'd meet him while she was stuck in her routine, but perhaps in a bookshop she'd stop into while on holiday, or he'd be the cute boy serving her her third coffee of the morning from behind the counter. She had long ago stopped worrying, and expected to meet him any day now. Surely he was looking for her.What she did not expect was to catch his name in the paper, just for a fleeting second as she made to turn the page. She always skipped the Obituaries. But not today.James blinked between the three girls, and then frowned, casting a glance down to the name on his wrist again. Lily. Would it have been so hard to put a last name too? There were three Lilys standing in front of him, all blinking at him expectantly. He didn't really know what they were waiting for, but once they'd seen the name on his wrist (he'd managed to keep it hidden, as most people did, up until now) they were waiting for  something. Lily Jones was a Ravenclaw and the year above him and she was very pretty. Lily Waters was a Gryffindor, and she was the year below him. She was a lot like him - loved Quidditch, glasses, charm and wit. She even shared his black hair. And Lily Evans was in his year and house, with flaming red hair.They were all equally good, and the bloody name on his wrist gave no inclination to the right girl.But Lily Evans - she had a small smirk on her face, as if this whole thing was really amusing. And once he looked again, he found he liked her eyes. They were different. Maybe she was different. That still didn't help him figure out what to say, however.Remus couldn't help but wonder why no one had told them. He would have loved to see what name was inscribed on his wrist, visible to everyone except him. It had been a communal decision, amongst all of James and Lily's friends, to let them figure it out on their own.But it was bloody difficult when they were sitting across from each other, as the group studied. They had no clue that on James' wrist, the name Lily Evans was written. And on Lily's wrist, James' name was clearly visible. No one said a word.In fact, no one in the whole school said a word. Perhaps everyone had bets placed on it. Sirius certainly did. Remus sighed, shook his head, and returned to his work. They'd figure it out eventually.Given a moment's silence, Lily frowned to herself, rubbing her wrist. Gina had already got a full name, and Mary had a first name on her wrist. Both enough information for them to find the actual person.Lily was the only person her age left without a full name. All she had was an intricately designed 'J' on her left wrist. There were several J's in the school. There were Johns, Jeremys, Jameses, Jakes, Jacks, even a few Julians and Jareds. It could be any one of those boys.She gazed down at her wrist, listening to the other girls talk about their own wrists, and gave a yelp. There was another letter forming.Neatly placed after the J, there was a circle forming slowly, half-faded but still making its mark. It looked like it was going to be an o. Gina leaned over, looking at her wrist authoritatively, and grinned. "That's an a." A. Ja. Lily slumped over her work again. Ja would just have to wait for her to catch up.I know this was a bit insane, but thanks for reading anyway!
