A/N - Hi, this is just a short one-shot about Lily and James' first meeting in their first year and is written for the topic/44309/118364711/1/ compititionm so I hope you like it.I frowned as I saw him walk in with his friends. James Potter. It had been just a week since the first term of first week had started and I could already telk that I absolutely disliked him. I would've used the word 'hate' if my mum hadn't told me that hate and love were two strong words and should be used carefully."Lily". I was snapped out of my reverie by Sev's voice."Hey Severus". I said and scooted over a bit hoping he would sit but he didn't. He had always disliked Gryffindor for some reason which I don't think I entirely understood."Snivellus, why are you here?" It was Potter, I really did not understand what his problem was."Why Potter, do you own this table?" I could see that both Potter and Severus were not going to stop until they were absolutely required to."As far as I know, you don't either Snivellus". He responded in his usual I'm-Too-Good-For-You face and the sight of it alone was enough to ruin my day."Let's go Severus". I got up, picked my bag and started walking out with Severus following me not too far behind."Please, you've seen me here so many times. Let me in". Here I was, pleading with the Fat Lady to let me in because I had so conveniently forgotten the password."Not until you tell me the password"."But I don't remember it". I snapped in frustration, the tears stinging my eyes. Why didn't I just write it down? Why did I have to forget it now? And why did I had to stay out so late?These were the questions revolving in my mind as I slid down the wall and sat down on the cold, hard floor. And then I let the tears flow, I was going to be caught and then they would punish me. Maybe take me to Professor Dumbledore's office. Or worse, they would suspend or rusticat me. What would my parents say and Tuney, oh she would tease me to no end.I checked my watch and the tears fell hard as I gasped for breath. It was now five minutes after curfew and yet I wasn't inside.I was an eleven year old muggle-born witch who was sobbing on the floor out of her dormitory, I was the epitome of foolishness and stupidity, not to mention cowardice and yet I was in the house of the brave."Evans". I looked up in the eyes of James Potter."What?""Are you okay?""Do I look okay?" I snapped at him."No, what's wrong?""I forgot the password". I mumbled in embarrassment, loud enough only for him to hear."Quiddich". Of course that was the password.The portrait opened to grant him entrance but he stood immobile."Well, aren't you going to go in?" He questioned in thag gloating way of his while messing his hair."How was I supposed to know?" I said standing up and wiping my tears."Now you do". I took a deep breath in order to calm myself and walked inside and he then followed me. Maybe he wasn't that bad, I thought as I went tk bed that night.Of course it was only the next day that I found out the reason he was out after curfew. He was charming all the Slytherin colours in the school to turn golden.I really did hate him.
