Where No One GoesBy Gustavo High-De La GarzaChapter 1It was the start of my sixth year at Durmstrang. I was different from the rest of the boys there. I was allowed to keep my hair instead of shaving it off in a buzzcut and I wasn't exactly brawny. So things turned exactly how one might expect. I was an outsider but I guess it was for the best. But that would all eventually change. Oh! Sorry I haven't introduced myself yet. My name is Gus High. I'm born from an Irish clan of wizards but my generation of the family moved to Bulgaria. So that's why I attend Durmstrang.It was already a few months into the first term and was excelling at all my studies. It was when I was studying out in a field when I was noticed by the most unlikely of people. Viktor Krum had come to sit next to me. He didn't speak at first. Just sat there and watch me study but spoke up. "Your eyes are beautiful. I I picked this for you," he said handing me what was clearly a weed and not a flower. I took it anyway shocked and blushing."T-thank you," I say looking him in the eyes. "Would you like to date me?" he asks clearly fumbling for a way to articulate how to ask me. "A-are you asking me out?" I ask stunned. He just nods and grunts a confirmation. I smile happily. I never thought anyone would notice me let alone the famous Quidditch player Viktor Krum. "I'd love to," I answer. Victor smiles happily and leans and kisses me. He just took my first kiss.When he pulls away I'm blushing and still in a kissing pose. I open my eyes and look at him. "Wow" I say breathily. He gives me a proud grin. "Study," he says pointing to my books. I had completely forgotten about the paper I was writing. I get back to it and he just goes back to watching me. When I finally finish I look up at him and he's smiling. "Come. I'll show my favorite spot." He says.I put my stuff away in my satchel and stand up. He stands up with me and takes my hand smiling at me. He leads me into the wood and we pass through the trees. When we finally clear the trees we get to a set of cliffs overlooking a beautiful gorge. Across it are mountainous hills with cliffs of their own. It takes my breath away. "It's beautiful." I gasp. He smiles and puts an arm around my waist. And with that it was how I was dating Viktor Krum how our relationship started.
