Harry sad lifeChapter 1Harry was thirty-seven and being the head Auror for nine years sitting on the coach looking out his window just thinking about his life when there was a knock on the door. So he got up and walked to the door and opened it to find his old Headmistress looking at him."Hello Professor what do I own this visit from you" said Harry. "Harry I wanted to talk to you about something that I found in Albus desk draw" said Minerva. "What would that be" said Harry. "Here Harry I was told to give you this" said Minerva. It was a letter and this book from someone. Now he was at home ready to go to work at the time.Dearest HarryI am writing this to let you know that there is a certain book in my office that belongs to you. Albus had this ritual layout for out in this book. It was giving to me about four months before your parent were kill. Harry this is a key to helping you to fine the most important ritual in your vaults. I hope you can forgive me from what I did to you.But I told Minerva to bring this book to you and hope you can fine what you are looking for in life. Let Minerva help you please.Love Professor Snape"Professor what book was this letter talking about, that I am I supposed to have" said Harry. Harry here is the book and the letter that she gave him. "Harry you should look for a mate and live your life to a happy note" said Minerva. "Professor I don't want to without my love" said Harry. "Who did you lose in the war that was your love" asked Minerva? "Professor I lost two wonderful women in my life that I will never get them back" said Harry. "Who were they Harry" asked Minerva. "Amelia and Susan Bones that died in the war" said Harry."Beside my wonderful mother, I used know what love is, that had left after she was kill by Voldemort. I do love one other but she doesn't notice me or acknowledge me as lover at all" said Harry."Who that Harry" said Minerva "you" said Harry. "Harry I am old and past my time" said Minerva. "Minerva if I can't have you than nobody gets me" said Harry. "Oh Harry is that what keeping you from having happiness in your life" said Minerva."I have nobody left in my life other than my child" said Harry. "Minerva will you go now and get out of here, be with your school and leave me alone. You're wonderful lady that deserves someone one that can make you happy. I need to get to work, thank you coming" said Harry."Harry come with me please and talk me more" said Minerva."I will later after work" said Harry."Harry I check your schedule and Kingsley gave you two weeks off to get yourself in better spirit so come with me" said Minerva."Later Minerva not right now" said Harry."Harry now" said Minerva."No Minerva sorry I will leave if you don't" said Harry."I do love you with all my heart but you feel that you are too old for me" said Harry.Minerva gave him a kiss on the cheek to say goodbye to him. Minerva saw Harry drop to the floor unconscious in front her. Then she went to the floo and call Poppy to come to check him out at Potter Manor. As Minerva flowed Harry to the Master bedroom and got him comfortable in his bed."Minerva" said Poppy where are you."Poppy, in master bedroom" said Minerva."Minerva what happen" said Poppy."Poppy he was sending me away after we talked but before I left he claps on the floor" said Minerva."Poppy scanned Harry and found he was given poison that I was not sure what kind it is" said Poppy."Poppy can you take some blood and test it" said Minerva."Minerva I got one antidote with me but can't be for sure if it will work" said Poppy."So Poppy gave Harry bezoar that was an anti-poison antidote. I did get rid of it but he is one sick young man" said Poppy."Thank you Poppy, so much for your help, anything I need to do for him Poppy" said Minerva."Minerva, why are you so worried about him now and not before this time" said Poppy."Because he proclaim his love to me and then try to get me out his life" said Minerva."Why Minerva do you care, do you have feeling for him" asked Poppy."I am not sure but I want to fine out" said Minerva. Is he in loved with anyone else said Poppy."I don't know yet, but he was married to Amelia and Susan Bones the same time and they died in the war" said Minerva."Oh now I see why he did this but his parents would be mad at him" said Poppy."No, he didn't do this because I put gloves on my hand and I found a package to give to Harry, he open a book and turn to this page and dropped then he dropped after so long of await. That when I hurried and called you. Look without touching it and wave your wand and tell me what you found" said Minerva."So Poppy did and found that page has been poisoned. It the same poison that I found in Harry" said Poppy."Who is the package from" said Poppy?"Severus Snape Poppy" said Minerva."Minerva he coming to around" said Poppy."Harry how you are feeling" said Minerva."I would like know to Mr. Potter" said Poppy."Call me Harry, I am not in school now" said Harry."Harry there was something else that I wanted to asked you but you pass out before I could and I feel that I still should asked you" said Minerva."Before you do, what blasted happen to me" said Harry."Harry Severus poison book so that you would die" said Poppy."Oh, Is Severus still alive then" said Harry."No, he planned this when he was alive and he plan to have me be the one to hand it to you" said Minerva."What ritual was in the book" said Poppy."How to bring my mother back for me to be with her" said Harry."See I asked for this a long time ago when I was in my fifth year" said Harry."Are you going to do it now" said Minerva.
