"High dive into frozen waves where the past comes back to lifeFight fear for the selfish pain, it was worth it every timeHold still right before we crash 'cause we both know how this endsA clock ticks 'til it breaks your glass and I drown in you again."A cold hand caressed his cheek, and he shivered. His body felt simultaneously frozen solid and burning on fire, his hands were numb and dear Merlin he couldn't feel his feet and he had a bad feeling about that."Regulus, I know you're awake."The voice sounded fuzzy to him, like his brain was unfamiliar with processes voices. Or was that what his ears did?He didn't remember anymore."Reg, wake up. " a softer voice called, and he felt another hand, burning hot this time, trail down his right arm until he couldn't feel it, everything below the elbow senseless."Reg?"His throat felt like sandpaper that was rubbed and rubbed until smooth, then it was scratched by hungry wolves, and then stepped on by elephants with really, really sharp nails. "W-Wha?" he coughed madly, his hands came up to his throat (or he was assuming they did) as he tried to cover his cough.Two sets of hands pried his arms away, but he couldn't tell who, as his eyes were shut tight, surrounded blackness that was almost comforting."Shh, Reg, it's okay. Here, have some water." The softer one petted his hair before reaching over and filling up the glass. He held it to Regulus's lips and forced the younger one to drink it. "There. You'll feel better now."Regulus coughed more, water getting into his lungs, but the burn of it felt good.The deeper voice was speaking now. Regulus forced himself to pay attention, although the sentences didn't make any sense in his head. "How dare you go off like that - Regulus, why did you sabotage the Dark Lord  Rodolphus and I have been very worried-"Regulus tried to open his mouth again, wanting to croak out another, 'Wha?' but Rodolphus (or he was assuming was Rodolphus, whoever that was) was tracing his face and feeling the bandages plastered on, and his voice echoed through the room too."Lucius and I were terrified  The Dark Lord will be pissed if he learns Reg why  I made this great new muffin recipe that I thought you'd might enjoy-"Then Lucius interrupted. "If you thought that we were going to let you kill yourself like that, you're mistaken.""We're never going to give you up Reg. You'll have to face the Dark Lord because of it. I'm sorry."Regulus rolled back into the dark fogginess of sleep, none of their words making sense except the overall possessiveness and fear.The darkness was comforting.Written for Hardest Challenge Ever, Lucius/Rodolphus/Regulus with Never Give Up.Also finished well in the time limit, with me writing this with 45 minutes to spare.I don't own Harry Potter and the song above in 'Clarity' by ZEDD, a favourite artist of mine.
