A/N: Hi I'm Lucy, and I am a new account! I hope you like this.. as you may already know, it's a Harry Potter story, set in the environment featured in the Divergent series (i.e the faction system etc). I haven't put it in the the cross-over section, seeing as none of the characters will cross over, but if it bothers any of you, I will change it (: Also, this is an adventure story but there will also be a main love storyline too, between a certain Miss Granger and someone.. *wink wink* I think you know who it is if you have seen the two characters listed ;D sorry, I do ship all the canon pairings.. (but I do like Nuna). So yeah.. Romione... ekkkk I hope this doesn't put some of you off the story! Hopefully not (: Maybe read and see? If it bothers you that much, I understand.. (: I will probably update once a week, maybe twice if I'm feeling generous (: Anyway, hope you enjoy!-"We read to know that we are not alone."-The Divergent: Chapter 1: Unusual resultsI wake up when my Mother pulls open the curtains in my bedroom, and the light comes streaming in through the gap. I groan loudly, squeezing my eyes shut in a desperate attempt to shield away the burning, but it is no use; the burning reds and oranges fill up inside my eyelids, despite my attempt to keep them out, and I can't help but sigh in defeat; every morning. Every single morning they get in, and I can't stop them.My Mother chuckles, a soft laugh that I have heard oh so many times before. It's the one she uses only for me, and it's as much mine as it is hers. It's associated with me, I've never heard her laugh like that for anyone else, not even my Father.I peak open one of my eyes, and see her standing at the foot of my bed, dark blue clothes, Erudite clothes, in her arms. She's blurry, fuzzy around the edges, because of my limited sight, and I open my eyes fully to gain my full vision. The light blinds me for a few seconds, before my eyes adjust to my surroundings, and I stare at my Mother for a moment, until the edges of her body become clear.Her hair, dark like mine, hangs in curls around her shoulders; she hasn't put it up in a ponytail, atleast not yet; she's supposed to though, as the Erudite women always wear their hair in a ponytail, to keep their hair out of their way when they are hard at work, developing serums or studying the body, as my parents do. My Mother told me once that her hair used to be like mine; frizzy, bushy, large, but in her age it calmed down, transforming into the wondrous curls she now owns. My hair still remains with the frizz, and I hightly doubt it will ever truly go to soft and un-frizzy, despite what my Mother says."Mmhh," I mumble, stifling a yawn. "Early, too early."It is early. Usually, I wake up around seven, which is fine, but according to the digital clock on my nightstand, it's 6am. And I don't do 6am.My Mother simply smiles at me, placing my clothes at the foot of my bed. Her fingers flow gently over the blue material, but her eyes remain fixed on mine."It's the day of your test," she says to me, as if she thought I had forgotten. I didn't forget, how could I? The aptitude test is the most important part of any seventeen year old witch or wizard's life, it's not something that you can brush off and forget about, even if you wanted too. It's probably the most important part of your life, finding out where you belong, and then choosing if you want to go there or not. You don't have to follow the test and what it says, but it's a guide. Tomorrow, at the choosing ceremony, when I decide where I want to go, I don't have to pick the results I find out today."I know," I murmur, sitting up, running my hands over my face, trying to wake myself up. I pinch my cheek, thinking that the feeling of pain might jerk me awake, but it doesn't; I remain tired, now with pain in my cheek."Are you nervous?"I frown. Am I nervous? A bit. I think. I don't know what I'm more nervous about though. Finding out that I am certainly Erudite, or finding out that I belong in another faction. But is it nerves, or is it fear? Am I scared of finding out where I belong, when really, it's just a normal stage in everyone's life? I don't know."I'll take your silence as a yes," my Mother responds, and I give her a small smile, unsure of what else to do or say. She walks over to me, her feet padding against the wooden floor, before taking a seat on my bed, and wrapping her arms around me.Her lips are close to my ear, and I hear her whisper, "We love you, no matter what; blood before faction."I understand why she is whispering. They have cameras everywhere; you never know if he could have planted one in your house or not. If Riddle found out what she had just said, he would make us factionless, or even kill us, because of three simple words spoken out of love. To him, it's faction before blood, but he's cold-hearted and doesn't know anything about love. And he wouldn't want her promoting blood before faction, as he wants everyone to be where they should be. He wants us all to fit in our society, but only where we belong.My Mother leaves my room to leave me to get changed. She kisses my head as she goes, and I close my eyes at her touch, but before I can barely even register it, she has gone. I open my eyes and an empty wall faces me, and I let a sigh escape my lips.Slowly, I climb out of bed, swinging my legs over; my thoughts linger on the aptitude test, and my whole body goes numb; it seems I'm more afraid that I thought.What am I? Am I truly an Erudite, the faction I was brought up in, home of the clever, of the intelligent? I shudder at the thought. Ever since Tom Riddle became head of Erudite, things haven't been as good as what they once were. And as scared as I am to leave my parents, I'm even more scared to have to stay in the same faction as him.I have a quick shower, not wanting to spend too much time under the water. My hair is wet, despite my hard work to try and keep it dry by keeping my head away from the falling water, and I have no choice but to blow-dry it before I get changed. As I blow away the remains of the water from my damp hair, I can't help but think how it symbolises me getting rid of the Erudite in me, and it makes my shudder.Once I'm changed, I stare at myself in the mirror; the blue clothes, the jeans and the button down blouse, all point me out to the others as an Erudite. I bite my lip as I pull my hair up into a tight ponytail, and stare at my face for a second. Pale skin. Dull eyes. Bushy hair. I grimace, before turning away. Sometimes I wish I didn't have a mirror in my bathroom.I know I will have to pick a faction tomorrow, but I don't know which. There are 5. Erudite, the clever. Dauntless, the brave. Amity, the kind. Abnegation, the selfless. And Candor, the honest. The test I take today will show me which one to pick, but it won't force me to pick that faction. Ultimately, it's my decision. And that's what makes it harder. Do I leave my parents.. Or do I stay with them?My Father has made me toast, and it greets me as I sit down in my seat at the table. I pick it up and eat it slowly, scared that I will throw up if I eat too quick; I wouldn't be surprised with the way my stomach is churning.My Father drops into a seat beside me, kissing my cheek, then opening the paper my Mother had left on the table. He glances at it, staring at the words which I cannot see, before grimacing and turning it over."What happened?" I ask, taking another bite of my breakfast."We're still attacking the Abnegation; poor Arthur, they're slating him and his family."By 'We' he means the Erudite. The Erudite want to control the Goverment, and are trying to get the rest of the Factions to vote for them by making up lies about the Abnegation, or making them out to be horrible and bad leaders.I take the paper and open it, seeing the faces of five red-headed people in Abnegation grey; the Weasleys. Arthur Weasley, a small man who is losing his hair, stands next to his wife (I don't know her name) and two sons; his daughter stands next to wife. The Article reads:An Unstable mind? Weasley is losing itArthur Weasley, deputy to Amos Diggory, is rumoured to have lost the plot, Rita Skeeter, award-winning journalist writes, according to Erudite superiors. In the last meeting, held in the Abnegation Head-Quarters, Weasley lost his notes, forgot the subject that was supposed to be discussed, therefore having to rely on Erudite spokesman, Xenophilius Lovegood, to remind him of the topic at hand. However, this isn't the worst of it.Weasley is putting his own family at risk by donating his entire earnings to the Factionless each month; it isn't a secret that Arthur helps the Factionless, but he seems to be giving away his children's chances of an evening meal. Is this the sort of faction you want running your goverment? I think not.I swallow, putting the paper down, not wanting to read anymore. It's only a small article, but many people will read it, and it is tearing down the wall he has tried to built for himself; of course, it's not true; Rita Skeeter over exaggarates everything, he probably gives a third of his paycheck to the Factionless, if that, and, he's in Abnegation, so he wouldn't give everything to the Factionless as he has a family to provide for. It's an outrage.I eat the rest of my toast, and get up. "I better go," I say quietly, carrying my bowl over to the sink. My Father nods, his eyes following me."Good luck today," he tells me, staring at me with dark brown eyes that I possess. They suit him much more than they suit me."Thanks," I reply. I call out goodbye to my Mother, hear her echo of a reply, then I open the front door and venture out into the open air.-8-The Test is after lunch. It always is. The morning went quicker than I had hoped, advanced math and english speeding past like the trains the Dauntless ride. I shiver as I walk into the cafeteria, and take a seat in one of the long tables that are spaced around the room; Terry Boot, a fellow Erudite, sits next to me, and somehow his presence comforts me, but only slightly. They begin calling out names in groups; two of each faction at a time; Terry is one of the first. I watch his body dissappear into one of the testing rooms, and I squeeze my eyes shut.Time flickers by, until there are only a handful of each faction left. I take slow, deep breaths to comfort me, but it just makes me more anxious. I flex my fingers, my teeth knawing on my bottom lip, when I finally here it; my name."Hermione Granger!"I stand up, ignoring the sick feeling in my stomach, and walk down to the exit. I feel eyes on me, but I ignore them, setting my eyes straight ahead. I reach the door, the exit, and walk through. 10 rooms greet me, and I am directed into one near the end by a Candor man; his eyes meet mine as I enter the room, and he nods at me, as if giving me good luck.The room is white, well lit, and has a large chair in the middle. My eyes zoom around the room, finding myself in the mirror at the back; my face isn't as pale as I would have thought it would be.An Amity women is also inside; she has bright red hair, and a pale heart shaped face, full of happiness; she seems bouncy and she bounds towards me, grinning, slightly more lively than an Amity, but happy all the same."Hello, you must be Hermione, right?" Her voice isn't as high as I expected.I nod, unable to find my voice, my eyes still searching the room."Great, I'm Tonks, I'll be doing your test today; take a seat and I'll run you through it."I bite back a response. I know all about the test. I know about it."I'm going to give you a daydream potion," she explains, as I sit myself down on a large white chair. It's comfortable, and I rest my head back, closing my eyes. "It's been edited to make certain things appear. All that's going to happen is that your subconcious is going to act on your behalf, as it is true and gives us an insight into who you are, thus finding where you belong."I open my eyes again and stare at her. She's got the potion in her hand now, but I don't know where she got it from."I'm going to watch what you do in the pensieve," she goes on. "It's been filled with a certain potion so that I can see what is happening inside your head as it happens; I will see your choices, and find out your result."I nod, breathing heavily."Okay, all set?"When I don't respond, she takes it as a yes."Drink."She hands me the potion, and lifts a large bowl, the pensieve, up from under my chair; I don't remember seeing it there; where did it come from?I tilt the small glass up, and swallow all the substance at once. At first, nothing happens; then, I feel my limbs get heavy, my eyelids flickering shut no matter how hard I try to keep them open, and finally, I give up fighting it, and let my body become still.My eyes open. I'm not in the room I was when they closed; how did I get here? I'm in a dark, stone chamber, lit by a single fire torch hanging on the wall. The light burns my eyes from a moment or two, as if I have just woken up and seen sunlight streaming through my window, but my eyes adjust quicker than they do of a morning.A single table lies ahead of me, under the flame. Three items lay on it. I step closer so I can see them. The first one is a large bronze key with runes enscribed on it. The second is a needle, small and pointy, and I resist the urge to prick my finger on it. The last object is a large, heavy looking axe; something about the blade draws me too it."Pick one," someone, a man says, but I'm standing alone. Where did that voice come from?I search around myself for it. No one is there."Pick!" He orders, and I frown."Where are you?" I call, searching, running my hands up the stone walls."PICK!" "WHERE ARE YOU?"Suddenly, I see it; a door, a wooden door, locked at the opposite end of the chamber. I race towards it, examine it, before I realise what the objects were for; the key to unlock it, the needle to pick the lock, and the axe to knock through the door.I turn to go and find the key, figuring it would be the easiest, but the table has disappeared. None of the items remain.Confusion runs through my head. What do I do now? What do I do?The light from the torch continues to shine, and then I twist and I stare at it. Fire. Fire. Fire could burn through wood, right? I walk forward, and pull the firey torch from it's spot on the wall; then I turn towards the locked door, and press the flame against it; immediatly, the flame lites up the door, and I watch with glee as it burns down; it worked! It worked!A hole in the wall appears where the door was, and I step through, not in the slightest bit scared, still holding the flame in my hand.A young woman lies on the floor, screaming, a powerful scream that makes my legs shudder. I hold the torch towards her, and see that she is bleeding from a wound in her chest."Help me!" She yells, but I remain where I am, not moving, not speaking."Help!" She screams again.How can I help? I can't help. I have nothing to help her with. There is nothing I can do."Help!" She cries, tears rolling down her hollow cheeks."I can't," I say quietly. "There's nothing I can do.""Please," she whispers, her eyes meeting mine, but again I do nothing."I can't help. Sorry."I jerk awake, my eyes popping open. My heart is beating fast. All I can think is thank god it's over. I look around me, and see Tonks hunched over in the corner. I watch her for a moment, waiting for her to say something, for her to turn around, to give me any indication about how I did in the test.But she doesn't.After a minute, I speak up. "Hi, um, hello?"Tonks jerks round, and that's when I realise something is wrong. Her eyes are wide, full of fear mixed with confusion. She races towards me, pulls my arm hard, and pushes me through a door that I didn't even notice was there; it blended it well with the walls, it was the exact same shade of white, and there wasn't any cracks with light sweeping through.Her grip gets stronger, and I wince at the pain she is causing in my arm. She leads me to the back of the school, where the grass is thinner and yellower. The breeze ruffles my top and I pull it down with my free hand."What's going on?" I ask, as we finally stop walking.Her eyes are wide again, and I frown."Please tell me.""You're results," she murmurs, taking a breath. "You had an aptitude for three factions."My mouth drops. Three? I am suited to three factions? That doesn't make sense, it's absurd, you can't be suited to three factions."No, no that's- that's wrong!" I yell, and she presses a hand to my mouth."Shh," she whispers, taking her hand off. "And I assure you, it's possible; they call it Divergent."I stand there, my hair blowing in the breeze. "Divergent?"Tonks nods, staring at me. "You got an Aptitude for Erudite, Candor and.. and Dauntless.""H-how?" I ask, my eyes as wide as hers. How on earth did I get Dauntless?"When you used the fire to burn down the door, clearly Erudite, but also Dauntless, as the fire didn't scare you. Then when you remained calm as the sight of the wom-""I wasn't calm!""woman, another sign of Dauntless. As for Candor, you're honesty about what you could do to help her, you told her you could do nothing, and you were correct. Abnegation and Amity were ruled out when you didn't try to comfort her as she died.""I'm not good at comforting people," I mutter, folding my arms. I'm still confused. What do I do tomorrow? What do I pick? Erudite, Candor, or Dauntless? I shudder when I think of picking Erudite. I would get on well there, I know I would, but hurting the Abnegation because of nothing? I couldn't do that. I think of Candor, being honest; I could do that, but do I want too? But the one that stands out to me is Dauntless, being young wild and free.I swallow uneasily."What do I do?""Don't tell anyone your results; divergence is dangerous. Keep it to yourself, don't let yourself be noticed!"I nod, panic spreading through my body."What about the test?"Tonks stares at me, placing her hands on my shoulders."Like I said; stay hidden."A/n: End of chp 1! Okay, so it's similar to the beginning of Divergent, but I assure you, the plot is different! It doesn't follow the full plot of Divergent, there is some HP mixed in with the plot (: Oh, and more will be explained in the next chp about how the factions came around (different to the Divergent series) and more characters will be introduced! Plus I know there are more Weasleys! (from the article) but you will discover why they aren't there soon enough :D Oh and I didn't have Hermione have an Aptitude for Abnegation or Amity because while she thinks of others and is kind, she does tend to be honest and say what she thinks, plus, I didn't want her to have the same results as Tris /: Also, I changed the age from 16 to 17 as that's how old you are when you come of age in HP (: Hermione doesn't have a wand yet, but you'll find out why in the next chp! And yeah, Voldemort is here (: he's not going to be like Jeanine! He is going to still be Voldemort alright ;) Anyway, I hope you like it! I will post chp 2 sooner than I usually would because I want to get this story started! Thanks for reading! And thanks in advance if you decide to review (:
