The Birthmark by: Nathaniel HawthorneSkit Written by: ..Cast:Narrator: . (Female)Georgiana:  (Male)Aylmer: .(male)Aminabad: . (Female) (me)Scene 1: Actors on stage:Narrator, Aylmer, and GeorginaNarrator: Our story starts in 1834, where previous scientist Aylmer sits in his living room with his beautiful wife Georgiana. *pause* Well, mostly beautiful.Aylmer: My dear, Georgiana, you are indeed quite beautiful, but has it ever occurred to you to remove that horrendous mark on your cheek.Narrator: For Georgiana had a small, red birthmark on her cheek, in the shape of a hand.Georgiana: No I haven't. To be honest, it has been called beautiful as well, that I thought it was so.Aylmer: Maybe, on some other person, but on your beautiful face, it makes it unpefect. You are indeed perfect in every way, accept for that mark.Georgiana: *gasps in horror* *upset* My dear husband. If you think this way, why did you marry me?Narrator: Like said before, Georgiana was quite beautiful, except for the red mark on her face. It was deeply in her skin leaving a texture. But besides this she had a nice complexion, that when she heavily blushed the mark almost disappeared. But when she went pale, the mark stood out all the more.Aylmer: Do you remember Georgiana, when I had that dream.Georgiana: Which dream you have plenty of strange ones.Aylmer: The one about that hideous hand birthmark on your face.Georgiana: No you never told me about this.Aylmer: Oh,Narrator: Aylmer did not want to talk about it.Georgiana: What was it? *getting sad* Was it bad? No wonder you didn't tell me about it. I heard you moaning that night, saying such horrible things.Aylmer: Like what?Georgiana: Well like 'It is in her heart now! I must have it out!' It was scary, do try to remember it.Aylmer: *takes deep breathe* Well in the dream Aminadab,Aminadab: *comes in* Did you call me sir?Aylmer: No go back to where you were.Aminadab: Fine master. *leaves*Aylmer: So Aminadab and I were preforming a surgery to remove that horrible blemish from your face. But every time we tried to cut it with the knife, it sank deeper until it seemed to grab your heart.Georgiana: *gasp of horror* *place hand over heart* Aylmer, I don't know what will happen to either of us if we try to get rid of this deathly birthmark, but it could cause deformity, then I will be even less beautiful.Aylmer: Yeah you could end up looking like Aminadab.Aminadab: *off stage* HEY! I heard that!Aylmer: But I am sure I am perfectly capable of removing it.Georgiana: If there is any possibility that you could do it, do it! I don't care about the risk. Life is a burden and I shall fling it down with joy. Remove the hateful disgusting mark. Remove the mark or take my life.Aylmer: When did you start feeling this way? My dear wife I have already thought this matter through and through, I will figure a way to rid you of the mark.Georgiana: We have decided then, do not spare, unless you find the birthmark in my heart.Narrator: The Aylmer leaned in and kissed Georgina on the cheek.Aylmer: Wait! What!Narrator: It is in the story dude.Georgiana: Come on, just do it.Aylmer: Uh, *kisses his hand, slaps Georgiana on the face.*Narrator: That works. Aylmer went and left to help Aminadab. He need to find something to rid his wonderful wife of the horrendous mark.Scene 2Characters on stageNarrator, and AylmerNarrator: Aylmer having enter his lab, called for his servant.Aylmer: Get in here Aminadab!Aminadab: *walks in*Narrator: Amindab was short and bulky, with shaggy hair, grimy with the vapors from the furnace.Aminadab: Hey!Narrator: It's in the script.Aylmer: You know it's true.Aminadab: Doesn't mean I like hearing it.Narrator: As I was saying, Aminadab had helped Aylmer a great deal when he was still a scientist.Aylmer: This place stinks.Aminadab: What do you expect, there is fire over there and about six different potions brewing.Aylmer: Burn a pastil!Amindab: Sure thing master. *turns to go but then turns back around* You know, if Georgina were my wife, I would never part with that birthmark.Aylmer: *exits* *comes back in shortly with Georgina*Georgina: Where is this place?Aylmer: Don't you remember?Georgina: Ah, yes now I do. *places hand over her birthmark*Aylmer: No need to fear.Georgina: Is Superman here?Aylmer: Who?Georgina: Never mind.Aylmer: You need not hide that mark from me any longer, for soon it will be gone.Georgina: Don't look at it, it is hideous.Narrator: Georgina proceed to look around the lab, contemplating the different devices.Georgina: You have powerful things here, it is terrible to possess so much.Aylmer: Fear not my love, I must require such things to remove your little hand.Georgina: *gasps* *holds hand close to her body*Aylmer: Not that hand.Georgina: Oh. *hand covering the mark shrinks away*Narrator: A certain potion caught Georgina's eye.Georgina: *picks up a potion (gateraid)* What is this? It is so pretty.Aylmer: Not as pretty as you.Narrator: *clears throat loudly* Hem, hem.Aylmer: Right, that is the Elixir of Immortality. Depending on the dose, it can make you live longer or drop dead in an instant. No man nor king is safe if I deprive him of it. MHAHAHAHA ( evil laugh)Georgina: Why do you keep such a horrible thing.Aylmer: Do trust me my dear, with a few drops of this in a vase of water, freckles will disappear and the rosiest cheeks will become pale.Georgina: And you are going to use this on me? *fingers back on cheek*Aylmer: Oh, no, no, no. This is merely superficial. Your case, my dear, goes much deeper. Aminadab, you human machine, be careful with that.Narrator: Aminadab had in fact been working on a potion that whole time.Aminadab: Oh, ho, ho ho.Georgina: Santa?Aminadab: Look, master, have a look.Aylmer: *turns to look at Georgina who was pressing hard on her mark.* *grips her harm and pulls it down*Aminadab: Have you no trust in your husband?Georgina: No. I will willingly drink the potion you give me to take away this mark.Aylmer: You are really noble my wife. But it is dangerous.Georgina: Danger? I don't care about danger. Remove this mark or it will cause us both to go crazy! I don't care about the cost.Aylmer: Well, okay then. *hands her a potion* Drink this.Georgina: *drinks some* It tastes like water from heaven.Narrator: The potion had done its work, the mark on Georgina's face was fading.Aylmer: It worked! IT WORKED! The mark is fading. See! *hands her a handheld mirror*Georgina: *takes mirror and looks* *smiles* My poor Aylmer.Aylmer: Poor? We are rich my dear. We are a success. You are perfect.Narrator: But that was just it, Georgina was just too perfect.Georgina: Aylmer you aimed high, you are noble, but I am dying.Aylmer: What?Georgina: I am dying. This world is cruel Aylmer, true perfection cannot exist. So I must die.Aylmer: You can't die Georgina.Georgina: I can't stop this Aylmer, goodbye. *sits on the floor* I love you.Aylmer: *kneels next to Georgina, supporting her up* You can't go. You can't die.Georgina: Don't pity the dead Aylmer, pity the living. Above all, pity those who live without love. We have had love.Aylmer: I don't want you to leaveGeorgina: But know this; the ones that love us never really leave us. And you can always find them in here. *place hand on Aylmer's heart.*Aylmer: Is it hurting?Georgina: Dying? Not at all. Quicker and easier than falling asleep. Goodbye Aylmer, I love you. *dies, falling limp in Aylmer's arms*Aylmer: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!Narrator: Such as Georgina said, true perfection can't exist in this world.Aminadab: I told you I would not part with the birthmark.Aylmer: You knew?Aminadab: Maybe.Narrator: The End.
