A:N: I thought I'd go back to my roots, and to my very first OTP. Just a fun plot bunny that hit me. No idea how long this is going to be, I'm just going with the flow.Chapter One  A Deal with the Devil."Malfoy."Draco sighed heavily through his nose and his lips thinned in obvious disapproval, but the quill in this hand did not stop in its rapid journey back and forth across the parchment spread in front of him."Granger," was his terse reply, but he said nothing else and did not look up. He heard the rustle of her clothes as she shifted her weight and her own huffing sigh as he continued to ignore her. He felt his irritation spike again as her foot began tapping out a rapid, impatient tattoo on the expensive marble floor of his office."Malfoy!""What, Granger?" he snapped, finally raising his eyes to look at her and not-quite-slamming his quill down onto his expensive mahogany desk.Hermione scowled at him, her hands resting on her hips and she seemed to be on the verge of lecturing him on the proper etiquette of greeting a guest when her lips thinned in to an expression identical to the one he had worn moments before and she dropped her lands from their resting place to straighten the tailored jacket of her  Draco had to admit  very sharp, grey suit."May I come in?" she asked stiffly, clearly still disapproving at his lack of manners, but Draco was finding it very hard to care about this as he settled back into his costly Dragon Hide chair and waved a dismissive hand at one of the equally impressive chairs in front of his desk."I hardly think you're going to give me much choice in the matter," he said disdainfully. Hermione stalked forward and settled herself onto the edge of the indicated seat. "So tell me, what new and incredibly sadistic plan have you come up with for making my life hell today, then, Granger?"Again Hermione's lips thinned as she fought the urge to lash out at him and instead settled for nervously clearing her throat."I want you to give me a job," she said primly."You want me to-""Give me a job, yes," she said. "I'm going to submit my transfer request to Broster later on today and I'd like for you to accept it, for your part."Draco stared at her, his face carefully blank and his body entirely still. He was trying to quickly process how he had managed to get from drafting this quarter's assignments to Hermione Granger asking him for a job in the space of five minutes. He was coming up blank. He watched her fidget nervously, straightening the platinum inkpots and crystal Firewhiskey decanter by her left elbow, giving himself time to think. He felt his eyebrows rise of their own accord as she turned her eyes back to him expectantly."It'll only be for six months until they re-open applications to Magical Law Enforcement," she burst out, nervously. "And I'm happy to do whatever job you think I'd be best suited to  Admin or research- Christ, even tea girl-"Draco raised his hand to cut off her tirade. For a fleeting moment he was tempted to laugh out-right at her, but petulant, spoilt and spiteful as he was, Draco Malfoy was not about to look a gift horse in the mouth. Whatever that meant. Everyone was desperate to get their hands on Hermione Granger at the moment, professionally speaking. Draco Malfoy was no exception."I'll accept the transfer," he said quietly and Hermione deflated as she breathed out an explosive sigh of release. "But! But, I want you to hold out on submitting your transfer request until tomorrow. This will be subject to you agreeing to my terms and I need time to seriously think this over."Draco couldn't supress the twitch of his lips as Hermione narrowed her eyes at him. "As it is, I haven't got time to go through it all today," he said by way of explanation. "But, if you come back half an hour before you start work tomorrow we can discuss things then and make sure you're happy with my terms before submitting your transfer request."Hermione's eyes remained narrowed as she quickly looked him over before giving a sharp nod of acquiescence. Draco gave a sharp nod of his own and leaned forward to pick up his abandoned quill, clearly letting her know that she had been dismissed.Draco couldn't help the smirk that pulled at the corner of his mouth as he listened to Hermione's footsteps echo out of his office and stared unseeingly at the parchment in front of him. Whatever had her on the run from The Accidental Magic Reversal Squad, she clearly didn't want to tell Potter and Weasley about it, and it was a desperate enough situation that she had come to him.Draco's day was made immeasurably better by the knowledge that life was not going as smoothly as the Golden Trio would have people believe.Draco sat calmly observing an irritated Hermione Granger over his steepled fingers and taking a quiet pleasure in her obvious discomfort. She was clearly stuck between a rock and a hard place, and whilst Draco was not going to say no to an opportunity like this, neither did he have any intention of making this any easier for her."If you don't mind, Malfoy. I have to be up on the sixth floor in twenty minutes," she huffed impatiently."Have you ever been late, Granger?""Never," she snapped."Then I'm sure it's not going to hurt this once, is it?" he said smoothly and leaned forward to rest his fore arms upon his desk. "Unless you're not overly bothered about this transfer, in which case you're free to leave." He raised a challenging, platinum eyebrow at her.He watched with a satisfaction that warmed his heart as she ground her teeth together in annoyance, her jaw working furiously before she threw herself back into the chair and crossed her legs, bobbing her foot agitatedly."Now," said Draco briskly. "My first condition is that you tell me why you're so desperate to leave Broster's team. And I'd like the truth please.""Why?""Why?" Draco's eyebrows rose into an approximation if innocent puzzlement. He wasn't entirely sure what innocent puzzlement was supposed to look like  it had been a while since he'd done anything innocently. "You obviously have intentions of going into MLE, but seem incapable of holding out another six months with AMR. In fact, you seem so opposed to the idea of sticking it out that, despite our  ah  tumultuous personal history, you'd rather work for me. Now, as a responsible and dedicated Head of Department, this strikes me as something I should be concerned with in a potential secondment candidate," he said with a polite smile.Hermione's eyes flashed dangerously as she glared at him from across the desk and she crossed her arms defensively as her foot began to bob faster. Draco took a moment to savour the fact that for the first time in fifteen years, he had finally gotten one over on Hermione Granger."I can entrust this matter to your discretion?" She sneered at him, sounding very much like she doubted its very existence. Draco smiled widely."I am the very essence of discretion itself," he goaded her and Hermione snorted disbelievingly."I have run into some problems with a co-worker," she said stiffly. Draco continued to smile politely at her and motioned for her to continue, at which Hermione made a disgusted noise at the back of her throat. "Well it's  well  to be honest, it's Stevenson," she said sharply and her cheeks flushed a dark red."Still interested, is he?" Draco asked, enjoying himself immensely and Hermione gave him a dirty look."Yes, as a matter of fact, he is." Draco watched her anger simmer away below the surface for a moment before she burst out again. "It's just getting a bit out of hand now. He obviously doesn't know when to give up  the man's clearly unhinged. It's really starting to get quite frightening now.""So why don't you just go to Broster?" Draco asked obviously. Hermione gave him a flat look and he chucked softly. "Silly me, you already have. Of course you have," he said derisively and tittered. "Dear me, that almost sounds like a case of sexual harassment." Hermione snorted her agreement. "So why don't you file a sexual harassment complaint then?""Because with six months to go until MLE applications, I hardly see the point in creating a fuss when I can just remove the problem," she ground out. Draco snorted."You don't want the publicity, you mean. Look!" he said, cutting off her shriek of outrage. "I get it, I understand. It's got to be hard enough working with an idiot like Stevenson, without him pawing at you all day." Hermione's lips twitched. "I can fully appreciate you reasons for wanting to move on.""All right," said Hermione, slowly, startled. "What are the other terms?""Just one.""Which is?""I'm afraid your time frame doesn't work for me.""What do you mean?""I mean six months is no good to me.""And what would be good for you?""Eighteen months, at least.""EIGHTEEN  absolutely not!""No?" Draco asked, raising an eyebrow and tutting as Hermione emphatically shook her head. "That's a shame. Well, it was a pleasure talking to you, Granger, but I'm afraid I'll have to reject your request for a transfer," he said and reached forward to grab his quill in a dismissive gesture. Hermione's hand shot out instinctively to grab his wrist."Malfoy," she said pleadingly and he sighed impatiently."Look Granger, this is the Department of Mysteries," he said. "We don't have Admin or Research positions  we do our own Admin and we do our own research. It'll take six months at least to get you apprenticed and trained up in one of the rooms, and that's something I'm going to have to do personally given how short staffed I am. Now, I'm willing to do you a favour, but I'm going to need one in return. In six months, we have a year-long project coming down from Scotland, and as much as I hate to admit this, I could really use your brain on this one. So it's eighteen months, or nothing," he finished firmly.Hermione sat and stared at him in silence, chewing on the inside of her cheek. Draco sat and calmly stared back."What kind of project?" she said finally and Draco smiled ironically."Well you see, it's a bit of a mystery, that's sort of the point." Hermione glared at him. "What I can tell you," he said enticingly, "is that it will involve a lot of field work  that means away from the Ministry and Stevenson  and we're being given access to the Edinburgh archives for the duration of the project."Hermione continued to watch him in silence, although she was no longer scowling and had now progressed to chewing on her bottom lip."Oh, and we'll have un-restricted access to the Library in the Eileen Donan sub castle, too" he said casually, inspecting his nails. He looked up in time to see her take a deep breath."Eighteen months?" Hermione said. "And I'll be free to go to MLE?" Draco couldn't prevent the grin that spread across his face."Granger, eighteen months and you could go to the moon for all I care." Hermione paused, watched him for a moment more and then gave a jerky nod of her head. "We have a deal?" Draco asked."Yes.""Excellent," said Draco spreading his arms expansively and smiling broadly. "In that case, I shall expect Broster's Owl this afternoon and you first thing Monday morning."Without further ado, Draco turned to the pile of parchment scrolls on his desk and reached for the first one. Hermione left his office quietly without another word.Things, Draco decided, were looking up."Granger?""That's what I said.""As in Hermione Granger? Top of our year, Hermione Granger? Scourge of Voldemort and Death Eaters alike? Gryffindor princess and the only member of the Golden Trio with a brain?""The very same."Blaise Zabini gave a low whistle. "How in Merlin's name did you manage that one?" Draco shrugged."She came to me yesterday lunchtime to ask if I'd take her on for a six month secondment. I told her to come back this morning and we'd discuss my terms. We discussed and she agreed.""Just like that? No fuss, no fighting, no arguing? She just up and agreed to extend the secondment to eighteen months?""I can be very persuasive, Zabini.""And pray tell, what did you use to persuade her?" Blaise laughed suggestively and Draco gave him a scolding look."Get your mind out of the gutter, Zabini. I told her about the Edinburgh Archives and Eileen Donan. And I think the prospect of extended time away from the Ministry and away from Stevenson pretty much closed the deal for her.""Christ, is Stevenson still trying it on with her?""Apparently  she said that's why she's so desperate to get out of AMR.""That bad?" Draco shrugged. "Why doesn't she just go to Broster?""She has.""And Broster has done what?""What do you think Broster's done? The woman couldn't care less if Stevenson kept Granger as a sex slave as long as she turns up for work, does her job and doesn't cause a fuss."There was a brief pause in conversation as both men turned back to their plates to eat in silence."Okay, so you've played on her unnatural obsession with books, her vanity and her need to know everything about anything to get her in for the next eighteen months. How are you planning on getting her to stay?""I've been trying for the past two and a half years to get the opportunity that she walked in and handed to me on a plate. If it keeps up like this, I don't think I'm going to have to do anything.""Draco ""Yes, Blaise, I know." Draco took a sip of wine. "I'm thinking we need to get her through the next six months first and then we can start thinking about how to get her to stay. Rest assured, Blaise. Every department in the Ministry has been after Granger since she left Hogwarts. Right now, that's a race I'm winning and also one I have no intention of losing. We'll get her."Again there was a short pause."Why didn't she go to Potter?" Draco looked up from his plate, clearly confused."Pardon?""This whole thing with Stevenson. Why didn't she just go to Potter and Weasley about it? They're supposed to be her best friends.""They also have about as much common sense as this table. They'd have stormed into AMR with their wands blazing, and that would have been Hermione causing a fuss as far as Broster is concerned. And Granger's certainly not going to ask Potter for a secondment.""Why not?" Draco shot Blaise a withering look."How would you like to work for, and take orders from, someone who is only alive because you happen to be smarter than them and were forced to use that intelligence to stop them from getting themselves killed? Also take into account that Potter would never have passed his Auror entrance exams if she hadn't coached him the whole way through. Granger is a prideful creature.""Okay, that's understandable enough. But what doesn't make sense is why she chose you? I mean, you two aren't friends; you can't even be in the same room together for more than ten minutes before its Wands at ten paces. Why did she pick the Department of Mysteries when she could have gone anywhere else and they would have welcomed her with open arms?" Draco gave Blaise a look which was clearly meant to indicate his concern for the man's mental capacity."Because the Department of Mysteries is the only place in the entire Ministry that Stevenson has no access rights to," Draco explained, speaking as though Blaise were mentally deficient. Blaise, whose blush could not be seen for the dark hues of his skin, gave Draco a piercing look."You seem to have given this a lot of thought." Draco shrugged again."I've been an Unspeakable for eight years. Given what I deal with on a daily basis, figuring out people and how they think is fairly easy." Blaise grunted. "You, however, don't seem to think so. If figuring out something as simple as the human mind is such hard work for you, perhaps it's something we should discuss at your next appraisal. I'm concerned.""No, you're not. You would be, if I specialised in anything other than Space, a specialisation you know I chose because it affords me the luxury of not having to interact with anyone other than you, my mother and Croaker. I'll leave people and the way they think to those weirdos over in Thought." Draco shook his head wonderingly."I bet those weirdos would love to get a look inside your head. You're a right case." Blaise snorted again and pointed his fork at Draco."And if I am, I learnt at the hand of the master. You, Draco, are the biggest head-case I've ever met in my life. One conversation with you would give Freud a conniption fit.""Who the hell is Freud?""An extremely radical Muggle psychologist.""Of course he is. Well, I think we'll both be safe from anyone over in Thought. Once Granger's on the scene, they'll be wetting their pants with excitement." Blaise made a vague sound of agreement."Have you given any thought to where you're going to put her?""I'm going to let her choose. If I'm going to try and get her to stay on after the eighteen months then I need her to get invested in something. No point picking somewhere for her and she ends up hating it.""Who have you picked to apprentice her?""Me." Blaise's fork clanged loudly as it hit his plate."What?""I'm going to apprentice her." Draco smirked and eyed Blaise speculatively. "So I'm going to need you to give me a hand with all of the Bureaucratic stuff.""You want me to do your job whilst you play shop with Granger?""No, I want you to help me manage the department whilst I dedicate some time to training and retaining the department's best acquisition since we started." Blaise smirked."You know how to smooth talk a man, Draco Malfoy.""Don't flatter yourself, Zabini.""For that, you're getting the bill."Hermione Granger was nervous.She was also excited. Hermione could think of nothing more exciting than exploring the mysteries of the universe. But more than that, she was undeniably nervous. She wasn't entirely sure that in her attempt to get away from an overzealous  terrifyingly overzealous  admirer and the daily torture that situation brought that she hadn't inadvertently jumped out of the frying pan and landed right in the fire.She would now be working for Draco Malfoy.Draco Malfoy was her boss! For the next eighteen months she was, for all intents and purposes, at his mercy.At least Stevenson wasn't allowed down here.Steeling her resolve, Hermione stepped into the open door-way of Malfoy's office. He was there  of course he was there  his head bent over one of the many books that were spread across his desk, his blond hair falling forward to conceal his face from her view. Hermione took a moment to observe him, his shoulders relaxed and broad beneath his crisp white shirt, the sleeves of which were rolled up past this elbows and baring the pale skin of his leanly muscled fore arms. Her eyes continued down to his long fingered and perfectly manicured hands curled around the corners of the book he was reading.Some things never change, Hermione thought to herself as an image of him in exactly the same position in the Hogwarts library flashed through her head."Come in, Granger. Have a seat, I'll be with you in a moment." His voice was so much deeper these days. The voice of a man, and not the teenager who had tried so hard to terrorise her and her friends at school. His eyes never once left the book in his hands and Hermione stepped quietly into the room and settled herself into a chair across from him.Hermione had been in this office a thousand times before  accidental magical injuries and crises were wont to happen when playing with forces that no one understood  but today was different. She wasn't here brainstorming on how best to give someone back their eyesight whilst maintaining their newly acquired clairvoyant abilities. Or de-scaling the unfortunate person who had apparently been looking into the evolutionary process of Dragons. She was no longer here as an equal to Draco Malfoy. She was here as his direct subordinate, and the thought sent a shiver down her spine."Coffee?""I beg your pardon?" Hermione squeaked, turning her eyes back to Malfoy who was now watching her carefully, although his carefully blank face betrayed no emotion."Would you like some coffee?""Oh! Yes, please." Draco gave a lazy wave of his wand and a bolt of light streaked past Hermione and out of the door."I'm glad you're in early," said Malfoy, settling down to business. "There's quite a lot of paperwork to get through before I can actually let you into any of the rooms. By the time we get through that and I tell you what 's expected of you, the guys should be here and I can show you around."Hermione stared blankly back at Malfoy. This was really happening. What was she doing?"Unless, of course, you'd rather wait," said Malfoy, misinterpreting her silence. "You don't actually start work for another forty minutes.""No! No, it's fine," said Hermione mildly. The civility between them was unsettling her and she was completely unsure of her footing here. A hint of a knowing smirk formed on Malfoy's lips and her stomach turned."Marvellous," he drawled. "Oh, look, here's Lewis with the coffee."Twenty five minutes and one aching hand later, Draco Malfoy was finally handing over the last roll of parchment for Hermione to sign.The pile had seemed endless, and in some cases, the documents she had been required to sign had been rather surprising."The Official Secrets Act?" Hermione has asked upon unrolling the fourth roll of parchment that Malfoy had handed her from the enormous pile stacked beside his desk."Well, we don't want you running off and selling our wonderful secret discoveries to other counties now, do we, Granger?""Is this serious? I'm really expected to absolve the Ministry of any blame should I Spontaneously combust, with immediate effect from the moment I take up occupation within the Department of Mysteries? This hasn't actually happened, has it?" she had asked somewhere around the twenty third roll."Not in the past ten years, it hasn't""My Floo address? Permission to use the information as you see fit at any time? This one's a joke, right?" Roll forty eight."Certainly not. The information will be shared with everyone in the department and their information will be shared with you. I think you'll be surprised at how often you'll be using it.""I'm not giving you a blood, hair or skin sample and I am not giving you permission to use it for research or security purposes." Roll sixty two  or was it sixty three?"Then I'm not giving you a secondment, and be sure to give Stevenson my regards when you get back to AMR."Hermione heaved a weary sigh and eyed the final scroll suspiciously."What more could I possibly have to sign, Malfoy? I've signed away everything to you but my soul.""Your contract," and the way he said it made it sound like she was about to sign away her soul. Hermione swallowed thickly. This was it, once she signed this she was committed to Malfoy for eighteen months. She read over the simple contract twice before quickly scribbling her signature and handing it back to Malfoy. Hermione watched him accept the parchment with unconcealed joy."And that's everything," said Malfoy placing the scroll back on top of the pile and vanishing them all with a flick of his wand, before turning back to smile grimly at her. "No getting away now, Granger."Hermione felt the heavy weight of foreboding settle in her stomach.
