Disclaimer: The only things I own are my OCs, a bag of M&M;'s, my Harry Potter books and movies, and this plot :)A/N: Guys, this is it. The beginning of the end and to those who've stuck through thick and thin with me (and Charli), thank you. Any suggestions on where to go after this are welcome :) As always, read, enjoy, and review! WARNING: Slash and implied/referenced sex...they are, after all, of age now. :)Chapter One: An Irish CustomWhen September first arrived, the wizarding world's wounds were healing nicely, with Kingsley Shacklebolt as Minister and the remaining Ministry officials loyal to Voldemort thrown into Azkaban. And when Charlotte and Isobel were ready to go to King's Cross station for their final year at Hogwarts, neither Remus nor Samuel were there. Sirius was, however. "Alright, I'm taking you two with me. Got everything?"They nodded and Charlotte asked, "Where's Dad?""He's, er, busy." Sirius said hastily. "Come on then."The three Apparated close to the train station and Sirius walked with the girls to the platform. "Bye, Sirius!""Bye!"They stowed their trunks in their usual compartment and Charlotte let Merlin out before plopping down on the seat across from Isobel. "I wonder who Head Girl and Head Boy are." Isobel said vaguely, looking for Dean and Seamus."No idea." She said as Seamus bounded into the compartment, Dean on his heels."CHAR!" Seamus picked her up in a hug, kissing her. "I miss yah.""Really? I never would've noticed."He just laughed, setting her back on her feet. Seamus was now an even six feet, a couple inches shorter than Dean, but as Isobel was 5'7", Charlotte was now the shortest in her group. Dean also greeted Isobel with an enthusiastic kiss, sitting down beside her. "So, who's the new teachers?" Dean asked immediately. "I was a little surprised when I got my letter."Hermione then opened the compartment door, the shiny Head Girl badge gleaming on her robes. Charlotte, also in her robes with the Quidditch Captain's badge on, grinned. "YES!"Hermione laughed. "I knew you'd be excited. Malfoy's Head Boy, though."Charlotte raised an eyebrow. "Does this mean we'll get away with pranking?""Speaking of pranking, are you going to still do that?" She asked sternly."Duh. The way were figure, we have three new teachers, so prank them, the first years, Quidditch Captains, and anyone else we want."Seamus grinned appreciatively. Hermione rolled her eyes. "You can't be serious.""Course not, I'm Charli. Sirius is at Potter Manor.""Ugh!" Hermione groaned. "You're ridiculous!"The four Marauders laughed as she stalked away, muttering under her breath. "Room of Requirement at ten." Seamus whispered in her ear. "I've got a present for yah.""Will it still work?""We'll find out."She wondered what it could be until Harry stopping by dragged her out of her thoughts. "Hey, Captain, ten Galleons Gryffindor'll win. Again." He smirked, enjoying teasing her about the one thing he could do better, other than saving the wizarding world."You're on, Potter." She shook his hand. "Prepare to lose, now that you've lost-" She stopped, hating herself for bringing up Ron."My Keeper? Don't worry. I've got it all under control." He laughed lightly. "See you around, Charli.""Yeah, yeah, Harry." She said affectionately, resting her head on Seamus' lap with her legs resting on the side of the compartment. "Wonder what this year's going to bring?""Lots of Marauder related mischief and nothing else." Isobel said hopefully."And fighting." Seamus pointed out. "Char can't go a year without sinking her fist in Smith's mouth.""Actually, as my usual punching bag isn't here, I'm going to try not to fight any this year." She said to everyone's amazement. "It won't be as much fun without Ron arguing with me.""You actually miss him!" Isobel said, shocked."He wasn't that bad last year." She said quietly. "Pretty good Keeper too."The lunch trolley came and they all got enough food for eight people, as Charlotte and Seamus were enthusiastic eaters. Then, after a few, slightly violent games of Exploding Snap, the train arrived. Seamus stuffed Merlin back into his cage while he was sleeping and the foursome took a carriage together. This year, however, all four could see the thestrals pulling the carriage. Charlotte sighed, hating the reminders of the war. There was a memorial to all who died in Hogsmeade, though, which was good. "Whoa!" Dean said, peering at the castle. "It's perfect!""No damage!" Isobel cheered. "Go Hogwarts!"Seamus rolled his eyes as they walked up the entrance hall, turning into the Great Hall. "Don't forget, love.""I won't." She reassured him, sitting down close to her old enemy, Mandy Brocklehurst."Don't forget what?" Isobel inquired curiously."Potter, I'm not taking any of your shit this year." The blonde girl hissed before Charlotte could answer Isobel's question."Funny. I never take any of yours." She smiled sweetly as Anthony Goldstein went to sit down, noticed she was there, and moved down. "You know, Goldstein, I'm not contagious." She called to him. "Nothing, Isobel." She said to her friend."Not taking any chances." He retorted.She shrugged, used to the haters in her own house. It was weird though, how most everyone else got along with her. Draco, the shiny, silver Head Boy badge on his robes, caught her eye and he grinned, waving. She waved back, smiling brightly. Professor Flitwick led the first years in, as Charlotte noticed McGonagall sitting in Dumbledore's seat. "Guess she's Headmistress then.""Didn't you look at your letter?" Isobel asked."Only the book list." She answered. "There's still three missing teachers, so Slughorn's not back.""Weird."After the Sorting, the feast began, and Charlotte quit talking long enough to eat. Then, Professor McGonagall stood up. "Good evening! To our new students, welcome! To our older students, I'm glad you returned. And now, for those of you who don't know, I'm Professor McGonagall, your new Headmistress. Continuing introductions, Professor Severus Snape will be resuming his post as Potions Master and Head of Slytherin House." Charlotte grinned broadly, cheering for him. To her surprise, so were Harry and Hermione. "Professor Remus Lupin will resume his former post of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher." Cheers erupted in the Great Hall, as Lupin was by far the most popular DADA teacher they'd had. "And finally, our new member of staff this year is Professor Samuel Potter, who will be stepping in as Transfiguration teacher and Head of Gryffindor House." Charlotte gulped. This was definitely not in her plans for that year. She clapped a couple times, glancing at Seamus. He shrugged, but she could tell he was worried as well."First years take note the Forbidden Forest is forbidden. Those wishing to play for their House Quidditch team, submit your name to your Head of House. Also, please note that all Weasley's Wizard Wheezes products are banned by our caretaker, Mr. Filch." Then, she dismissed them.Charlotte went to her dorm with Isobel and unpacked. When the clock flashed nine fifty, she took out the Marauder's Map they'd made in their third year and tapped it twice with her wand. Checking to make sure the coast was clear, she sneaked out and headed for the seventh floor. To her surprise, the Room of Requirement was indeed fixed, along with the rest of castle, and when she entered, it was to find a luxurious and elegant bedroom. Seamus reclined on the chair by the fireplace, his feet dangling over the arm. "This is nice." She said, walking over to him.He was playing with a ring box and wordlessly handed it to her. She felt her heart race, wondering if it was an engagement ring. Hands shaking, she opened the velveteen box. Inside lay not an engagement ring, but an old looking black gold ring with hands holding a heart topped by a crown. Charlotte frowned at it, puzzled. "Shay?""It's a Claddagh ring. It's an Irish custom." He explained. "If yah wear it on your right ring finger with the heart pointed outward, it means you're unattached, that yah haven't found anyone yet. If it's pointed toward yah, it means you've found someone to give your heart to, and on your left hand and pointed away from yah, it usually means you're engaged and pointed toward yah means you're married." He gently placed it on her right ring finger, the heart pointing toward her. "It was me mam's. She wanted yah to have it."She noticed he wore one as well, although his was styled in more of a masculine fashion. "That was your dad's?""Yeah. They gave the set to me after we got back together. Do yah like it?""I love it. It's beautiful."He grinned, scooping her up into a heart-stopping kiss. "And I love yah. You're beautiful."She wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him in for another kiss. "I love you too, Shay."Their kisses slowly grew more desperate, more passionate, more needy. Robes were discarded in the heat of the moment as they explored each other, leaving a fiery trail behind each touch.Charlotte nestled into his side afterward, half thinking it was a dream. She fell asleep beside him in the bed, completely naked. Completely free.
