This might be a bit confusing but I hope to fix that. I hope you review and enjoy.Harry looked at the sleeping boy. So innocent, so easy to kill. Harry shook his head gently. Why was he thinking these things?What was happening to him? The past week he has been noticing different things about him. How his green eyes were now a different shade of green or how his hair was even softer than the tail of a unicorn.He noticed this type of stuff. Harry knew he wasn't the brightest tool in the shed, but even he could tell something was different. He couldn't ask Hermione, she and Ron left him to be friends with someone else. Someone like Neville Longbottom. Who wouldn't, Neville was the boy who lived.Everyone loved the saviour of the Wizarding world. Personally, Harry thought he was a creep. Longbottom always stared at him. It was honestly creepy.Dumbledore didn't like, he didn't care about anyone else but Neville. Severus Snape hated him.He was all alone in the world. Hell, even his parents hated him.James Potter was a man who lusted after a woman named Lily Evans. She finally agreed to marry him after he chased after her for three years. It was all perfect,they even had Harry together. But James didn't love Lily like he always loved to shout to the world. He cheated on her. He hurt her.Lily left them when Harry was five.James couldn't take it. He went dark, he went evil. In his mind he really had loved Lily. He grew to hate muggleborns. He grew to not care for Harry. One day, he was found torturing three muggles. He was sent to Azkaban.Harry was only eight. He was sent to live with Sirius Black.The Player of the wizarding world. The man believed Gryffindors were perfect and Slytherins were evil.Just his luck, Harry was a Slytherin.Sirius didn't hate him, he just ignored him.That about sums Harry's life up. There would be days where he would wonder if his mother would ever come back for him. But he lost all hope in that ever happening. Who wouldn't?-Two Months Later-He couldn't move in fear of being in terrible pain. For the last two weeks he had been restricted to a hospital bed.He had changed, most women would call him handsome if it wasn't for Neville Longbottom. The bastard had even visited him and gave him an autograph."Excuse me Mr. Potter, but we believe we have found the reason for your illness." Madam Pompfrey saidHer voice broke Harry out of his thinking."You are a nymph. Nymphs are basically extinct. You see, the nymph gene is forced to awaken because of the endangerment. You will have destined mates. They will be immensley attracted to you and will automatically be your spouse starting around six months after this first started."Harry nodded. He wasn't really surprised. What else could he be? His grandmother was part-nymph. He had thought that this was what had happened."Because of that particular reason you will moved out of Hogwarts and into another house. It is meant to protect species that do this. Many will want you for a slave, esspecially since you are a male Nymph. "She then left him to his thoughts, which were then rudly interupted."So, I heard what happened."The familiar voice of his god-father used to actually bring comfort to his heart. But now it had no effect."So, I guess this is goodbye for a while now, huh."He stood there awkwardly as if waiting for me to say something."Listen, just because I haven't been there a lot doesn't mean I don't care about you." Sirius said desperately as if trying to apologize."You had five years. During that time you didn't care what I did as long as you got to fuck everything in site and now you want to actually care!" Harry shouted at SirusThey said no more to each other as they saw each other for the what might be the last time.
