Disclaimer: I don't own anything you recognize. Harry Potter characters belong to J. K. Rowling and Warner Bros. This isn't a criticism, Harry! But you do... sort of... I mean - don't you think you've got a bit of a - a - saving people thing?' mumbled Hermione. Initially, Harry saw red. So what if he had a saving people thing. He certainly didn't remember Hermione complaining about it when it was her life he was saving. Harry thought bitterly. Then again, this was Hermione, she probably didn't mean it that way. She was most likely just looking out for him and making a statement.Now that Harry thought about it, where had this saving people thing come from? Maybe it came from the time Ron and he had saved Hermione from that mountain troll in first year. It could have come from the time he realized that Hermione had been petrified, or when Ginny had been taken to the chamber of secrets. Why did he have a saving people thing when couldn't even save himself from the Dursley's of Voldemort? Or perhaps his saving people thing came from the fact that he couldn't save himself from the Dursley's growing up? Had his numerous feelings helplessness after years in his dark, spider infested cupboard driven him to make sure others wouldn't have to share these feelings? Years under the mercy of the Dursley's had certainly taught him many different emotions at a young age. He had learned longing, sadness, contempt, fear (Marge) and physical and emotional pain. However, through observation, he had also learned affection and what it was to care.Then again, it could have also easily came to him when he discovered that his parents had been murdered by a dark wizard who had been responsible for countless other deaths. Maybe he had hoped that he could stall or stop the pressing emotions of desperation, hopelessness and helplessness. Harry revelled in the thought of making even one person happier, or even keeping one more family together.His 'saving people thing' had come from all his past experiences, his sheer will and his determination to make sure others never had to feel the same as he had. His saving people thing was ingrained in him. It was a part of him. Harry knew that, even if he tried, he would never be able to rid himself of his saving people thing. Hermione and Ron would just have to accept that.AN: Please review to tell me what you think. I have no beta. As a new writer, I would love to hear your opinions. Constructive criticism is always appreciated.
