Hi everyone! First, thank you so much for reading! Second, I haven't written anything for a long time so this is probably complete garbage. Reviews are greatly appreciated! Better than sex really! So, please, write a review and tell me what you think. All reviews, favourites, and follows are appreciated!Hogwarts Silenced! Children Killed in Massacre!Written by: Rita SkeeterWhat used to be a lively school, filled daily with the sounds of young witches and wizards, is now a haunting castle. In the dining hall, classrooms, hallways and dormitories, the joyful atmosphere is now tainted with the smell of spilled blood. Just last night, at approximately 10:00, a dark and dangerous wind blew in, carrying with it the smell of death.John Johnson, a highly successful 7th year student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, has done the unthinkable. Johnson, while going about his nightly prefect patrol in the dungeons where his house resides, reportedly began to murder each and every student in the school. Not sparing the lives of anyone, Johnson successfully continued his rampage through the school, murdering all but twenty students and three teachers. As the surviving staff members and students rushed down the hills towards Hogsmeade, panic and word of the horrible tragedy began to spread throughout the town below. When Patricia Knowles, professor of divination at Hogwarts and one of the teachers who escaped, finally managed to gain control of the panicking crowd, a group of well-trained wizards were gathered to return to Hogwarts to try and stop Johnson. When they arrived however, with a group of ministry ordained aurors showing up just moments later, Johnson had already disappeared, only leaving the Dark Mark of Lord Voldemort smoking above the school. The sign has not been seen since before Lord Voldemort's death, in 1998.Families of the students and staff killed in this incident have already been notified and now, the wizarding community is left to deal with the aftermath of the Hogwarts massacre. While the death of these young witches and wizards is tragic, what is far more haunting is the Dark Sign that sways above the school in the wind. One sign that is sure to bring up many memories of dark days, and many more worries about what sort of troubling days lay ahead. Many of us would have liked to believe that this sign and troubles would have disappeared along with Voldemort and the astounding number of death eaters that have been locked away in Askaban since, were gone. Aurors have been searching for Johnson with no sign of him so far. Anybody who has any information about his whereabouts or anyone who spots Johnson is asked to contact authorities right away.
