Written for Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, muggle Studies Class.Assignment. Write a story either incorporating orcentered on on of the following quotes.Chosen Quote: To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance- Oscar WildeMinerva McGonagall had sat her desk feeling slightly sorry for the boy who sat before her.Neville Longbottom had long ago lost all self esteem. Ridiculed by his only family member, his Grandmother.Minerva knew Augusta from when they both attended Hogwarts together. They had shared a dormitory for seven years and they remained uneasy friends. Augusta thought Minerva to be to proud and haughty. Minerva thought Augusta to be brash and brazen.The other witch had abused this poor boy. Telling him he was no good, he would never live up to his father's name, his grandfathers name.She had loved the boy, Minerva knew but she was too lost in grief. Mourning the loss of her son, not dead but no longer here. Her beloved daughter in law at the same time. And then three weeks later her husband. He dropped down dead, medics said it was a heart attack, she knew he died of a broken heart, shattered to pieces by the horror of what happened to his beloved son.Neville was also the butt of many jokes of the students and even his friends. After being down trodden for so long, his teacher was not surprised he was a shy and awkward as he was.But she had faith in him and she was not the only one. A few of his professors had noticed his intelligence and dedication to learning. Because although he seemed like the bumbling idiot to those who knew him, he was, underneath that persona, extremely bright.Minerva was determined to show make him realize it.They were sat at a career guidance meeting. Every student had to attend at least one with their head of house.Minerva was glad when Neville's turn had come around.She had known known Neville ever since he was born.She had always championed him.She wanted to say a few things to him, make him think something of himself."Mr Longbottom come in, sit down""Hi Professor""So, let's get right down to it then, have you thought of any career paths you would like to take?""Er not really" he replied shyly"Where do your skills lie?""Er, I don't know, I'm not good at anything really""Well that is simply not true, Mr Longbottom, I have reports here from your teachers and they are all rather good. I myself can see your effort in transfiguration. Professor Filtwick writes your last essay was above standards he would expect even from newt students and your defense against the dark arts work is exemplaryBut it is your report from herbology that was truly spectacular. Professor Sprout says you are the finest student she has had in all her thirty five years of teaching. You seem to have a passion and flair for working with plants and there are many careers available to someone as dedicated and passionate as you.Here are a few pamphlets I chose for you, please look over them, study them and arrange to see me again soon"Neville flushed red at her compliments, not used to receiving them."Thanks professor" he mumbled as he stood up to leave"Remember Longbottom, as Oscar Wilde once said"to love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance"He did not know who Oscar Wilde was but he took that phrase as his personal mantra for many years to come.These ten simple words changed his life forever.
