Disclaimer: All characters and the inspiration for this story belong to a very special J.K. Rowling (and possibly Warner Brothers.. I'm not quite sure.)This could not be happening to her. There was no way that this could be happening. Lily screamed in front of her parents' body as she sobbed on the floor grabbing at anything to keep her from going completely insane.A block down the road she knew what had happened. The dark mark still showing in the sky above her house. Lily completely forgot about the bags she had been carrying and raced down the sidewalk. Her hands shook as she pushed open the door that was practically hanging off its hinges and then she saw them. She saw the fearful look in their eyes as they were still loosely embracing one another.Lily jumped of the floor and pointed her wand at the door as she heard a pop outside of her house, but the tears didn't subside. A tall man entered first, showing his hands but still holding his wand ready, and several others entered after him."who are you and what are you doing you?" Lily demanded her voice shaky but strong."Miss Evans you need not be afraid, You may call me Charles. I work with the ministry, and we got word of the Dark Mark sighting," The man answered in a reassuring voice.Lily refused to put her wand down until Professor Dumbledore strode through the door seeming very tense. "Miss Evans," he began, "Charles can be trusted."Those words were the only words Lily needed to hear before she collapsed on the ground again, clutching her sides and babbling about what had happened that afternoon. A petite girl not much older than Lily immediately pushed past the people in the room and grasped Lily, hugging her tightly to her. She whispered calming words, having little impact on Lily's sobs, but distracting her long enough to slowly guide her away from her parents' bodies.The afternoon passed in a blur. Lily's eyes did not focus on anyone after she had time alone with her parents. She did not look at anyone or anything except for a small stain on the living room floor. Dumbledore had told her that Petunia was being contacted, but it was unlikely she would arrive in a timely manner, as she was on vacation with Vernon. She was being taken to the ministry to give a statement, afterwards they would discuss where she was to stay for the time being. Lily's head was swimming and she was blocking out all of her emotions so as not to fall apart again in front of so many people from the ministry, she vaguely realized that she was put into a car or that the driver was trying to make conversation."Miss Evans can you please clarify why you were out?" The ministry official questioned."I've told you, I was buying groceries. Mum-" Lily took a deep breath as she attempted to remain composed, "Mum wanted to cook a special supper for me because I was named head girl."Lily didn't understand why, but she continued to be looked at with suspicion. Charles walked in and escorted her out shortly after."Miss Evans, we've tried to contact the young ladies you told us about, but unfortunately have had no luck. It is protocol to release people in this situation into a safe environment. I may have a proposition for you, but I fear you may be against it. It is my duty to remind you that should you not accept this offer you will be placed in the care of the Department of Magical Mishaps and Tragedies." Lily nodded for him to continue. "You go to school with my son, Miss Evans. I was reluctant to mention it until now because I have been informed that the two of you are often not on the best of terms. However, you are welcome to stay with us, and I can assure you that you will have plenty of space and can most likely completely avoid James should you wish-""James? James Potter?" Lily looked as if she had swallowed something absolutely wretched and panic lightly etched her features."Yes. Miss Evans, as I said this is your only option for the time being without being placed in the ministries system. I urge you to accept and my wife and I will do our best to keep James away from you while you are going through this difficult time."Lily looked deep in though and slowly nodded her head. "I suppose it would be best to be with people I know- even if it is Potter.."Mr. Potter looked relieved and let out a large breath of air. "Excellent, we can use the floo network. "Lily arrived in the Potter manor looking extremely tired and worn down. She barely had time to look around the room before a short slightly pudgy woman rushed to her side and began hugging her."Hello, Lily, Charles sent word you were coming. My name is Edith. If you'll follow me, I'll show you to your room." Lily nodded numbly and was led up a grand staircase in the entrance hall, down several hallways and eventually into a large room centered around a luxurious four-poster bed. Lily was looking around as she heard Mrs. Potter mention having to do something and that she would be back soon.The bed was extremely large, covered in a white comforter and plush pillows. The floor was dark hard wood and the majority of the other furniture was white as well. A large window was positioned on the wall opposite from her and it was draped with airy curtains. Overall, Lily felt like she was in a high class hotel room. Her trunk was sitting at the foot of the bed and she also realized that some of her nicer clothes were hung in the closet. "Mrs. Potter!" She called down the hall, "Why are my all my clothes-" Lily did not get a chance to finish her statement as a large explosion literally shook the hall, and two boys scrambled out of a room down the hall, followed by dark gray smoke."Merlin, mate, that was bloody fantastic!" The shorter of the boys exclaimed.The taller boy did not answer. He was focused on the girl curled up in the corner of hall who was visibly shaking. Ordinarily he would have rushed to help, as most people weren't accustomed to his pranks, but James stood utterly shocked at the curtain of red hair in front of the girl's face. It could only be one person, "Evans?"A/N: okay guys this is my first chapter to put up here ever. I will be posting more chapters (given that I have time and my un-tech-savvy self can figure it out). I would love reviews and feedback! -Just Playing Along
