.Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, just this plot.XXXXXXXXXX"The Bat and the Looney""The Encounter"09/08/2014XXXXXXXXXXThat Sunday would prove to be the turning point on Severus Snape life. Obviously if someone told him that, he would glare and the leave immediately, murmuring how foolish he or she are being.It all started with his simple and boring life at Hogwarts. Reading essays and correcting him. Most of them poorly and others, attemps to convince him in a hope for him to mark higher.It would fail. He has his reputation as the hardest teacher in Hogwarts. Well, in fact more or less than Minerva McGonagall.As he expected, barely acceptable, specially from the second year.Potter's was dreadful but decide not to bother anymore. He and Weasley are lazies. They should study more.Granger. Idiot girl who doesn't understand that all her papers are the same. The only good thing is that she study and try to makes the other too.Why any of those Gryffindor be like Nott or Boot? Ja, even the Hufflepuff work better than the so bravely lions. All those annoying lions just come to class to bother him and avoid listening to his lessons.A really waste of time. Every one of them.Despite of this, this year of Slytherins were much better. Goyle and Crabbe are worst than any Gryffindor and that's saying something.Malfoy, Parkinson and Bulstrode prefer to shout and get a fight with the Gryffindors than learning.Thinking of Draco. He should talk woth Narcissa. Draco's pride would be a problem, specially if interfers in his studies.The only good thing of this class is Nott and sometimes Greengrass and Davis. Apparently, not all of them are a lost cause.Finishes his work, he decides to leave the potion classroom and go to the enfermary. Poppy would for sure, ask him for potions.Damn woman. Always need it but a good one. Probably the only one who treat him well when he was a student.XXXXXXXXXXFor the first time in a very long time, Severus Snape was confused.Although, to be honest, surprise is the correct feeling.After finished observing what happen, he has a remembrance.From his childhood.About his time as student in Hogwarts.Those happy moments shared with his former best friend Lily Evans.Lily, the beautiful redhead, who is dead. Because of the Dark Lord. Because of him.Until that day, Severus Snape had never thought or at least paid attention to which happened to his students.Well, with the exception of Potter and Malfoy, of course. After all they were his special cases. Malfoy is his godson and Potter Lily's son, the one who swore to protect with his life.Nevertheless, he saw her eyes and was attracted instantly. He was the small first year with a new light.Those eyes surprised him at first, because did not denote sadness. It just showed him happiness, but he knew it was false. He also faked to protect him after the bullying of the Marauders.The bullying, which scared him for life.The young girl was in her own and happy world.The girl was protecting herself.In spite of her eccentric and odd personality, a kind glance could see that she is hurt and in suffering.Those eyes imprint in his memory and he retires to his quarters forgetting that he had to see Poppy in the nursery.In vain, of course. He continued thinking about the girl. It never thought that the situation would pierce to him so deep like that.Finally, like three hours later since the incident, Snape decided that he wouldn't let happen again. No matter consequence. No matter whispers and rumours. No matter what. Others could be damn for all he cares. He was pissed off with the situation.He went to the Headmaster's office. He needs to talk to Dumbledore about this. He was sure that Albus would accept his idea. After all, how many times both Albus and Minerva encourage him to take apprentices and socialize more with others.His only hope is that his decision doesn't affect the girl much more.He knows that his Slytherins students would envy her for being the new favourite of their head of house and the Gryffindors would hate her for being close with him.Maybe he would suggest be friends with the Hufflepuff, since their good nature and unlike the Ravenclaws, they would care more despite what fault she might has.Thinking like it was matter of life or death, he didn't waste time.He needs to inform both the Headmaster and the headmistress about his idea of taking an apprentice.Snape knew that they would be surprise for a moment and would ask who would be the lucky one.He would simply and say Luna Lovegood.XXXXXXXXXXTO BE CONTINUEDXXXXXXXXXX*That's all folks. I hope you like it. As always, if you have any doubt or suggestion, please send me a review or a private message and I will answer you as soon as possible. Remember, be polite or I won't answer. Flames will be ignored.*I'm not sure about the text. If you see a mistake in grammar, spelling, etc, please tell me so I can fix it. It would be appreciated.*Pairings? I am not sure. Maybe I will hint something during the chapters, but there is nothing sure about that.*Remember that this fanfic is set during Harry Potter and the Chambers of Secret, probably a little after Hermione stole from Snape the ingredients for the polyjuice potion meanwhile Harry attempted to murder Goyle just to create a distraction.*One more thing, don't expect bashing of any character but also don't expect any love from my part to any Gryffindor character besides Neville Longbottom. I don't like any of the Golden Trio, the Marauders, Lily, The Dursleys, Dumbledore, etc but I will be as neutral as possible.*Well, I hope all of you enjoy the rest of the weekend.*See you, Spidey_Legend..
