Hey there! This is my next story titled "My Missing Half". It is centered around the Slytherin Chaser, Graham Montague...since there aren't way too many bits done on him and I'm playing around with minor characters...which are my focal point at this time. This is inspired from the 1998 version of "The Parent Trap"..not the 60's version. Also, the parents are not divorced! So...to anything in here that may be very familiar...just in case, I don't own those parts-so the credit will go to their respected owners. I do however, own the rest of this plotline. As the chapters progress, you will see a few things that I will explain for they are written as such for a reason...most notably..starting in Chapter One. I will ask you to please take a spare moment to read my disclaimers and A/Ns (author's notes) (on the top and/or bottom) so you will understand. That's why they are there for the audience. Thanks for reading!Once again, I appreciate you checking out my story and please don't be afraid to review/favorite/follow or PM me for any other questions/comments. Check out my profile for further information.A/N and Disclaimer: Harry Potter belongs to J.K. Rowling- it is not and it never will be mine. The plotline in this fic is mine. This story is rated M for language, suggestive content and future M/M sexual relations. If that bothers you, skim over it or leave the story. Be a mature person about it, please. Any mistakes are my own and please help me by pointing them out...I know I'll need it. :)Prologue: The Birth*~October 30th, 1997. Minutes to midnight. St. Mungo's Hospital, Great Britain.~*~A young, dark haired woman was in the last remnants of her intense 14-hour labor. "You're doing great, honey. Almost there!" A contraction passes, the woman grits out "Michael...you are never touching me again after this...AAAHHHH!" Another one arrives in mere seconds after the former, she feels the baby coming closer. The healer bends down "All right, I see the head. On the count of three, I'm going to need you to push with the next contraction. One...two...three!" Gripping the rails on her bed, she pushed with all her might, forcing the newborn out from within her body. "Wonderful! Here's one baby born at midnight." Handing the squirming newborn to a nurse, the healer returned to the mother "You're almost finished. He's right behind his brother, keep pushing!" "Oh Merlin...AAAHHH!" Nearly denting the metal, the woman released yet another healthy baby, two minutes later. "Congratulations to both of you, Lord and Lady Montague. Two perfectly healthy sons born on Halloween morning." Michael kissed his tired wife excitedly. Nine months of waiting and his boys were finally out in the world. Exhausted, Lady Montague passed out after getting one last peek at the wiggling, tiny bodies on the table."I'll have the nurse go ahead and escort them to the nursery. In the meantime, follow me to handle some paperwork." The proud father nodded and left with the healer as the nurse wheeled them out in a twin bassinet. About two hours later, the nurse returned to check up on the twins and other infants, only to drop her tray in shock. Panicking, the young nurse ran off to her supervisor. Minutes passed and a small team of healers and staff came into the nursery. "Are you absolutely sure you locked the door?" "Yes, sir. I am positive. I don't know how anyone other than personnel could have gotten in." The healer sighed, rubbing his face in exasperation. He fled immediately, heading to his patient's room. "What's wrong, Healer Arrowwood?" "You may want to sit down for this..." he closed the door."...WHAT DO YOU MEAN 'GONE'?! HOW THE HELL COULD YOU LET THIS HAPPEN?!" "Lord Montague, please...there are other patients..." "DON'T YOU DARE TELL ME TO SILENCE! WHERE IS MY SON?!" a furious lord bellowed as his wife Anastasia wept bitterly. "Where is my baby?" she whispered, still extremely emotional after just given birth two hours before. Not wanting to further upset her, Michael yanked the healer to the side, snarling "You get a team of aurors over here this instant and search this hospital from top to bottom or I swear to you, things will get far worse!" Fearing his wrath, the Healer obeyed and fire-called the Ministry.It was 9:00 am. The sun had already risen and there was still no sign of the missing Montague. "I am dreadfully sorry this happened. This has never happened in the history of St. Mungo's, I can assure you." the director of St. Mungo's sincerely apologized, still in shock over the entire ordeal. His words fell on deaf ears, seeing as Lord Montague pushed past him to the nursery. Standing in front of the bassinet, he picked up the remaining twin and cradled him in his arms. "Don't worry Graham, I'll never let anything happen to you, I promise...''~And there you are, the prologue! Chapter 1 is next. Tell me what you think, please be constructive...not abusive...there's a difference! :)
