A/N: I'm the worst updater in the world. I respect that. I have two other multi-chaps and I'm stuck in Chapter 3 of both of them. And I'm starting another. I suck, okay? I respect that. Anyways, promises to update MMD soon. Like hopefully today. Also: I apologize for the length. It is roughly 4,264 without my boring A/Ns and the Disclaimer...Disclaimer: If I forget these in the future I'm sorry. I don't own Harry Potter rights. You know that. No need to remind me... *sob*Chapter 1It was a quiet, peaceful day in Cokeworth, England. The sky was a peaceful blue colour and puffy white clouds danced around the sun, casting odd shadows on the ground. Lily found herself sitting on the front porch of her little house, humming a tune and reading a book about a boy who had befriended a dragon. A nearly finished glass of lemonade sat on the porch next to her with a small, green straw sitting idly in the lemonade. Lily reached for the glass to take a sip, drinking the last of the contents with a satisfying slurping sound."Lily!"Lily looked up from her book to find the source of the noise, which she immediately recognized as her sister, who was standing inside the house, peering outside the window and waving her hands wildly, grinning. Lily cocked her head and Petunia gestured for her to come inside. Lily nodded in reply and promptly picked up her book and glass and headed inside the house. Upon arriving, she was greeted by a wild-eyed, very happy Petunia who had her hands clamped together. Her grin only widened when Lily approached her."What is it?" Lily asked, heading towards the kitchen to put her glass of lemonade on the counter. She flung her book onto the staircase and watched as Petunia basically radiated happiness. Her grin was contagious, too, and Lily found herself smiling along. Petunia motioned for Lily to follow her and Lily followed her into the back yard where wilting grass and a lone tree was all she could see. But was that? No it couldn't be"A treehouse!" Lily gasped, her eyes practically glowing. She hugged her sister rather violentlyleaving a breathless, but still very happy, Petunia behind as she raced towards the tree's ladder. She climbed up the ladder with ease and looked out the sole window of the treehousea large hole that had been cut in the treehouse's side. It displayed a rather beautiful view of the back of their houseabout eye-level with the second level of the house, perhaps even a little higher. Lily could make out her unmade bed and her desk covered at least five inches deep in books from up here."I assume you like it, then?" Petunia asked, appearing from seemingly out of nowhere. Lily turned around and stumbled, but managed to catch herself on the side of the treehouse."Yeah," Lily managed to say, her eyes still glowing with awe. Petunia grinned happily, her eyes shining with delight."I told mum and dad that you'd absolutely love it. They didn't believe me at first, but, wellit's here!" Petunia gestured around them and she joined Lily at the window. Lily opened her mouth, about to thank Petunia for all she had done, when"Girls! Come look what your father and I found!" a voice, presumably the girls' mother, yelled from the ground. The two girls scrambled out of the treehouse, curiosity burning through their veins."What is it?" Petunia asked eagerly, her eyes searching the expanse of the backyard."Ohcome into the kitchen!" their mum said, eyes sparkling. The girls followed her into the kitchen, Lily eager to find out what her mother was so worked up about. She found out when she arrived in the kitchen.A large, golden-brown hawk was perched on the counter, its head held high, cocked slightly to the right. It spread its wings, revealing an expanse of majestic, golden-brown feather, and stuck out its left leg which, upon looking at the bird more carefully, Lily realized held a letter, attached via a small white ribbon tied into a precise bow. The hawk's eyes seemed to momentarily connect with Lily'seyes that seemed almost humanbut then it returned to looking around the kitchen, as if making mental notes of the blueprints of the house. Lily inched closer to the bird, and out of the corner of her eye, she noticed Petunia doing the same. Her father was standing by the fridge, open-mouthed, looking in utter awe at the bird. He'd seen hawks before, yes, but this was something else. A hawk was actually in their house and it was waiting patiently with a note attached to its foot! Mr. Evans had always had a thing for birds ;)Lily was the first to reach the birdwell, out of herself and Petunia anyways. Lily cautiously put out a hand to untie it and the bird nudged her hand with its beak, rather affectionately Lily would later say. Lily's shaking hands slowly untied the ribbon. As soon as the letter was out of its binds, the hawk hopped up on top of the fridge and pecked at a bag of what looked like raisins. Lily watched it, amused, for a while before looking at the letter in her hands.The envelope was sealed with what looked like a crest in the waxit was divided into four sections with a big letter 'H' in the center of the red wax. Lily flipped the envelope over. It was addressed:Lily EvansSecond Bedroom on the right, upstairsCokeworth, EnglandLily gaped at it and held it out for her parents to see. Petunia, who was a few centimeters behind her, inspected it, her expression of complete awe and joy turning slightly sour when she saw who it was addressed to. It was Marie Evans, the girls' mum, who found her voice first."WhoI mean, open it!" Lily looked at her mother excitedly and she broke the red seal, carefully pulling out a very official looking piece of paper. On it read:Dear Miss Lily Evans,You have been accepted into Hogwartsthe school of elemental magicrun by Headmaster Professor Dumbledore. This has been determined by your various signs of slight magical ability that started on March 31st, 1965. If you wish to attend, please show up at Platform 9  on September 1st of this year in King's Cross station in London, England. If you wish to attend, inside the envelope is another parchment containing the various supplies you'll need, which you can get from Diagon Alley, which is also in London. Directions to get there are provided. Within this school you will learn various techniques of the elemental magic, mostly dependent on which house you will be sorted into. This will be explained upon arrival at the Hogwarts school of elemental magic. Have a wonderful day young Lily,Prof. Minerva McGongallDeputy Headmistress and Head of GryffindorLily reread the letter a couple times. Could this be a joke? She vaguely wondered, but the hawk, plainly sitting on the kitchen counter, indicated that this, indeed, was not a joke, and instead was real. But elemental magic? Really? After a few minutes of staring at the letter, open-mouthed, her father asked her what exactly the letter said. Lily handed it to him, still dumbstruck, and fished inside the envelope for another piece of paperparchment the lady had written.First Year's will need:-a standard set of black robes-quills-parchment-wand-pet (this is not required, but it is recommendedespecially hawks)Books:-The Four Essential Elements Year One by Miranda Goshawk-Hogwarts a History by Elven Jerode-Care of Magical Creatures Year One by Miranda Goshawk-Earth: History, Simple Spells, and Basics by Melman George-Water: History, Simple Spells, and Basics by Melman George-Fire: History, Simple Spells, and Basics by Melman George-Air: History, Simple Spells, and Basics by Melman George-A Guide to your own Element Year One by Alice Marble-How to Do Magic for those who Cannot by Tre RandershallLily read through the entire letterincluding the directions to get to Diagon Alley and information on how to trade in normal money for wizarding moneyand then handed that, too, to her father who was staring at herspeechlessand who had just handed over the very first letter to Lily's mum who was looking at both her and her father curiously. Upon receiving the letter, she skimmed through it and her eyes grew wider and wider until Lily was absolutely sure that if they got any bigger they'd pop right out of her head."This can't be aprank, can it?" Lily's mum asked, looking at Lily and her father nervously before handing the letter to Petunia, who, like their mother, now had eyes as wide as saucers."Iit must be, I mean surely no such thing exists," Petunia said suddenly, looking around the room with a defined air."You don't think it exists?" Lily asked, looking at her sister with confusion and the slightest hint of worry. It was true, Lily wanted it to exist. She'd dreamed of magical powers since she had started reading fantasy booksshe wanted this to be trueit couldn't just be a prankthat would be so absolutely cruel. Petunia shook her head again, more to convince herself rather than the rest of the family."Magic isn't real. It only exists in fairytalesin books. In movies. It doesn't exist in real life." Petunia said, gesturing around them.Marie Evans pursed her lips, unsure whether she should confirm her daughter's statement or not. Truth was, she wasn't really sure if it was a prank or not herself. It looked quite official, that much could be said, which would mean that at the very least someone had gone through a lot of trouble to produce this prank. But if it was real"I'll go to the library and pick up a London phonebook and phone the Lucky Cauldron. It wouldn't hurt to takeerprecautions before actually going to London. I was planning on running a few errands anyways," Marie finally said. She smiled at her two girls, kissed her husband on the cheek, and walked out the front door.It was the longest two hours of Lily's life. And they were probably one of the most important two hours of her life, and considering she was only eleven years old, the importance of those two hours had multiplied a tenfold. She didn't do much for the next few hours. She finished the book she had been reading earlier. She played around in the treehouse a bit with Petunia, but the overall glory of getting the treehouse had decreased as soon as she'd gotten the letter. She'd found a stick in the front yard and waved it around like a wand until Petunia had found her. Petunia had looked at Lilywith a great amount of fire in her eyesand grabbed the stick and threw it against the ground violently, giving Lily the message that she should never, ever do that again. Lily had gotten mad then and there and they'd had a rather short-lived spat that ended up in both girls pleading for forgiveness. Then they'd played jump-rope for a bit (Lily had found this rather boring, but anything to waste time before her mum got home, right?). At exactly one hour and forty-five minutes after she'd left, Marie Evans returned home to get nearly trampled by her youngest daughter."Oi!" Mrs. Evans said, in a very unladylike manner, "Ouchwatch where you're going Lily, dearest." Mrs. Evans smiled at her youngest daughter who was gazing at her with hopeful, innocent, pleading eyes."So, mum, what'd you find out?" Lily asked, biting her lip in the hope that she was, indeed, magical like the letter had said. The rational part of her brain warned her that no magic wasn't possible, but the irrational part of her brain (that took control most of the time) said that magic was real. You just had to look for it."Well, the Lucky Cauldron exists for any matter. It's a dingy pub, apparentlywell, at least that's what a friendly manI believe his name was Mr. Forgesaid. He lives in London, I think. AnywaysI wrote down the phone number somewhere" Lily watched her mother eagerly as she withdrew a small piece of paper from within her purseafter rummaging through it for a couple minutes "I think I'll give them a quick call." Lily grinned feverishly, half daring to hope that indeed, the letter was rightshe was magical. I mean, a few things had happened to her in the past that Lily had labeled off as coincidences. There was that one incident whereafter Petunia had bragged about her new shirt very loudlythe shirt had somehow set itself on fire, never to be seen again. There had been another incidentone where Lily had somehow managed to get flung off a rather tall play structure at a younger agebut miraculously, she hadn't been hurt. Instead, the wind had seemed to float her gently to the ground where she had laycompletely unharmed save for a few scratches. Now that she thought about it, she had been five at the timecould it have possibly been March 31st of that year?When Lily finally snapped out of her reverie, she noticed that her mother was gone. Lily wandered into the kitchen to find her mother, one hand her hip, the other clutching a phone. She was talking avidlybut in a soft voice so Lily could just barely make out the words, "Lucky Cauldron," "manager," and "Diagon Alley". When her mum finally noticed her, she put a finger to her lips, and Lily, getting the message, wandered out of the kitchen to find her dad.Lily found her dad in the garage, blowing up the tires on a bike. After a few minutes of silence, Lily's dad looked up from his work and finally noticed Lily sanding there."Ah, hello little flower! What's up? Is your mum home from the grocery store, yet?" Lily nodded in her mute reply, staring at the silver bike her dad was working on."Who's that for?" Lily asked, looking at the bike in awe. Mr. Evans looked at his daughter and, with a sigh, he said, "It's for Petuniashe wanted a bike for her birthday so I'm fixing up an old one from a garage sale and painting it a different color. D'ya think she'll like it?" Lily nodded vigorously and grinned wistfully, wishing that she could have a shiny little bike like her sister. She chose not to comment, though, and instead focused on the conversation that was currently going on inside her house, between the Lucky Cauldron manager (presumably) and her mum. Lily grinned one last time at her dad, before skipping inside the house to check on her mum's progress. When she found her, Marie Evans was cooking something on the stovepresumably something goodand also, presumably, dinner."Smells good," Lily said casually, "So"Marie Evans spun around, knowing exactly what her daughter wanted to know."It's real," she whispered, still in shock. The manager had told her exactly what she wanted to know and Marie wholeheartedly believed him. She watched her daughter's curious, anxious look develop into one of excitement and joy. Pure happiness radiating from her face, Lily skipped upstairs.Petunia was not in a good mood. She was normally a cheerful girl, but upon hearing the news that Lily's magical world was real, her good attitude had dropped suddenly and she felt almost nothing but resentment towards her one and only sister. It wasn't really resentment towards her sister, in all fairness, but towards her magical abilities. It wasn't fair that Lily was going to get to go to a posh boarding school where she'd learn magic. It wasn't just Lily's dream: Petunia had wanted to be magical from a young age as well. So it came to her as a surprisenot exactly a shock, thoughwhen she found out that the whole thing was real. It put her in a bad mood, so that was exactly how she found herself kicking the life out of her bedpost, now nursing a bloody and bruised foot.Petunia walked inside the bathroom to grab a few bandaids and clean up her foot. She rummaged in one of the drawers for a clean cloth, when she accidentally overheard the conversationmore like argumentgoing on downstairs."We can't afford to all go to London, Marie! It would put too much strain on our bank account! You know that. Like I said earlierI can stay home with Petunia! I don't mind not going to Diagon AlleyI'll go another time. Next year or something""That's not fair to Petunia!" Petunia heard her mother say, in a harsh tone of voice. She mentally cheerednot because she wanted to go to Diagon Alley, but because her mum was standing up for her. Go mum!"What do you mean it's not fair? It's already not fairshe's not going to HogwartsLily is! It won't help for her to see everything she's missing out on, besides, it just makes sensebudget wiseto leave myself and Petunia here!""We could at least spilt up once we're in London. Petunia hasn't gone to London beforeshe wants to, you know that, and yet we've refused her every time. To let her sisterwho hasn't pestered us to go to London beforego to London just to buy a few bloody" Petunia winced at her use of profanity "books, doesn't mean Petunia can't go sightseeing!" There was a loud huff in reply and her parents continued talking in hushed voices. Petunia looked at the door wistfullyit was true, she'd always wanted to go to London. The big city, the tall buildings, the modern-ness that was so unlike her homeeverything was just so appealing! After cleaning up her foot, Petunia trudged back into her room and collapsed on the bed, the warmth and comfort lulling her to sleepIt was a pleasant dream. She was standing in front of a building with a stick in her hand and she was chatting lively with people with confused features. A rather pink bunny hopped by, scolding her for wearing her hair upside-down, as it chewed on a yellow mushroom that was about the size of a bird. It was warm and sunny and the sky was so very blue when suddenly"OI!" came the dignified cry of none other than Lily Evans, as her mother pulled the covers off of her sleeping form. Marie Evans grinned and said in a sing-song voice, "Time to get up! We're heading to London!"A few hours and one very uncomfortable train ride later, Lily found herself in the middle of a very quiet, and rather dirty, street, holding her mother's hand and looking up at a large sign that read, "The Lucky Cauldron" with a picture of a bubbling cauldron. A tall man dressed in what appeared to be a woman's blouse and suspenders, came out of the shop smoking a long pipe."Hullo," he said, in a rather deep voice that made the blouse seem even more comical on him, "come to buy a drink, have you?"It was all Mrs. Evans could do to stop herself from bursting out in raucous laughter. Biting the inside of her cheeks and refusing to say a word, she managed to not laugh."Actually, are you anuhais this the right place?" The man looked at Lily curiously."Hogwarts?" he asked, looking at her with a knowing smile. Lily nodded, but then pointed to her still silent mother."Ah, yes, muggleborn. I seewell, Timmy, the old man, should be able to help you. He's the bartender, yeah?" He then proceeded to adjust the buttons on his blouse, his flowing sleeves blowing gently in a soft breeze. Lily thanked him and both she and her mum raced inside.The moment they stepped foot inside the Lucky Cauldron, they burst out into peels of laughter, earning glares and odd stares from the few that were chatting or drinking.After she regained her composure, Marie walked towards the bar counter and motioned for the bartender. An old, thin man that was balding came up to Marie smiling brightly. After a few seconds, a younger man who looked like he was in his late-twenties, came up to the counter to join the older man."Hullo. Can I help you?" the younger man asked."Are youerTimmy?" Marie asked. Her daughter had long since joined the group and was now staring intently at the two men."That would be my father. The name's Tom," the younger man said, sticking out a rather dirty hand. Marie shook it carefully, before turning her attention to the older man, whose smile grew slightly wider."Well, er, a man outside said you could help meer, my daughter. You see, she's going to Hogwarts and we'd like to go toit was Diagon Alley, right?to pick up supplies." Timmy's smile grew so wide that Marie was sure it was about to fall right off his face. He motioned for the two young ladies to follow him and he walked a little ways awayout of the main line of sight in the barto a brick wall. He revealed a thin wand that had been stuck into his pants pocket and tapped a pattern into the bricks. Marie watched slowly, with much awe, as the brick wall almost dissolved, revealing a busy-looking street. Timmy grinned at the two of them and as soon as Marie and Lily were inside Diagon Alley, the brick wall closed behind them, leaving the two females without a doubt that Hogwarts, and magic at that, was real.The first building Lily and her mother found, was Gringotts. It was a large stately building that shone and glimmered in the sun. It looked like it was made out of gold and silverwhich it probably was, Lily realizedand the interior was just as grand as the exterior. Inside, strange short creatures with pointy ears and sharp-toothed grinsLily realized that these were the goblins the letter had talked aboutsat at desks conversing things, stamping things, and looking at the visitors with numerous expressions on their ugly little faces. Lily and her mum walked up to what looked like the main desk, where an important looking goblin decked out in fancy gear, sat, strumming his fingers absentmindedly, looking at the two of them with a piercing gaze."Could we exchange muggle money for wizard money?" Lily heard her mom ask timidly, probably slightly frightened by the goblins. The goblin nodded stiffly. Lily watched as her mum withdrew several large bills"Do we really need that much, mum?"which the goblin promptly exchanged for some gold, silver, and bronze coins that the goblin called "galleons," "sickles," and "knuts". Lily and her mother thanked the goblin and retreated to the safety and sunshine of the outdoors.Lily was walking down the street with her mother, trying to figure out which shops sold which itemsthey'd already gotten Lily two black Hogwarts robes at a place called "Madame Malkins" when all of a suddenBAM!someone crashed into Lily sending her flying through the air and landing on her bum about a good twelve centimeters away from where she'd started."Blimey, watch where you're going," Lily muttered to the stranger. A hand was offered and Lily took it, heaving herself to her feet. She came face-to-face with another eleven-year-old girl (she guessed) with dark hair and dark eyes. She was very pretty, Lily noted, and looked extremely apologetic."I'm so sorry!" she exclaimed, "I didn't mean toI should've looked where I was going. Ooohare you going to Hogwarts, too?" The girl gestured towards the robes that Lily was holding in her hand. Lily nodded and grinned at her."I'm Lily," Lily said, smiling at the girl."Regan," the girl said, beaming at her."So, Reagan," Lily began conversationally, "do you know where to get a wand? Or books? I'm in my First Year and I have no idea whatsoever where anything is at all." Reagan smiled at her and said, "I'm in First Year, too! Anyways, I was just about to go get my books. Care to join me?" Lily nodded her head eagerly, glad to meet someone in her own year. Mrs. Evans watched the exchange with a hint of amusement, glad that her little girl was meeting someone who she could become proper mates with in the future. The girls started walking ahead, chatting as they went, and Mrs. Evans followed them.The three of them arrived outside of a shop called Flourish & Blots. Lily thought it was a rather cool name for a bookshop and being forever the bookworm of the household, eagerly bounded in. She, with the help of Reagan, picked out all of her school books, along with a few quills and a few metres of parchment. She had gone into the back of the bookstore to find some books just for her personal enjoyment, when she bumped into (not literally) a boy. He had black hair and regarded Lil with a certain amount of curiosity."Hullo, are you a Hogwarts student?" Lily asked, gesturing towards the stack of booksthe same books that she had gotten just moment beforethat was next to the boy. The boy nodded casually and continued searching through the books, his hands brushing the spine of each book before moving on to the next."I'm Lily," Lily piped up. The boy regarded her with a cold stare before returning to his books."The name is Severus," he said quietly, still looking at the books, "Severus Snape."A/N: Liked it? Didn't like it? Want me to update it sooner than my other fics? Tell me in a review! *wink wink* Again: Sorry about the length. Hope you liked!
