The last client of the day is also a new one. He's bald like an egg, but the hair around his cock is the exact same shade as a cooked carrot. It makes Harry think of Ron, and he regrets it immediately. He never thinks about Ron, nor about anything from his life before. At least, he tries not to.The client hasn't given Harry his name but Harry prefers that. It means he doesn't expect Harry to scream it in fear or in pleasure. All he seems to expect of Harry is an arsehole to pump his cock into and a chest to slobber all over. It's only mildly off-putting, and mostly boring. Without the potion in his veins keeping his cock up and his eyes open, Harry reckons he would fall asleep. The client seems satisfied though, because he finishes halfway through the session with loud grunts of pleasure against Harry's chest and come spurting all over Harry's arse and cock.The client is content enough not to bother with a potion of his own for the rest of his time. He tucks away his cock without wiping the spilled come off and leaves without another glance at Harry. There's no money on the table near the door when he's gone, but Harry likes it better this way. Jugson always demands payment upfront to finance the whores' living expenses and it seems to generally piss him off when Harry's been "tipped". Harry doesn't like it when Jugson is pissed off.Harry spends the last half-hour of his workday lying on his bed, his eyes fixed on the ceiling and his arse dirty, waiting for his erection to fade away. If this client is not a one-off, he'll be sure not to drink an entire vial the next time. He would have liked being able to sleep a bit before Jugson shows his ugly mug in Harry's room.Not that the room is Harry's. Nothing is Harry's anymore. They stripped him of everything when he went into this business. Sometimes knowing that it was actually his choice to sell his dick to the highest bidder is worse than anything he lets clients do to him.Thirty minutes later, his cock has finally gone soft and Jugson is late. Harry tries not to let himself fall asleep. Counting the flecks of grey on the ceiling without his arsehole full or his cock roughly pumped is surprisingly soothing. The random pattern of dirt in the otherwise white paint is blurry without his glasses and slowly takes the form of what Harry has always imagined nargles look like, and he drifts away without really realizing it.Sleeping is not as painful as it once was; with the various potions regularly swimming in his bloodstream, Harry never dreams anymore. He imagines it is a little bit like being dead.~o~Three knocks on the door and a loud throat-clearing wakes him from his slumber. The throat-clearing is too polite to be Jugson's and Harry wonders if he didn't have one more client today after all. If that's the case, he'll have to stall, because there's no potion left and the next delivery is a few hours away.Harry opens his eyes. He turns his head to the newcomer, and the absence of his glasses has never felt so dire, but there's nothing to it: they were taken from him years ago. He wishes he had his glasses because he is greeted with a sight he's not sure he can actually believe. Standing in the doorframe with an uncertain look on a face still as pointy as Harry remembers, is Draco Malfoy.Malfoy doesn't look surprised, exactlyif he's in here, he had to know it was where he would find Harrybut he's wrong-footed for sure. Harry remembers how a wrong-footed Draco Malfoy used to amuse him, and is surprised to find the corner of his lips turning up at the idea.Harry is about to comment on Malfoy needing to pay for his arse, to say he has always known Malfoy secretly hero-worshipped him. Even if Malfoy is a client, the fact is that Harry knows him. Harry has known clients before: Adrian Pucey was even a regular a few years back, and Roger Davies has showed up twice in the last few months, but it's not the same, is it? Harry saw Malfoy trying on robes at Madam Malkin's when he was an eleven year-old and he saw him quake with fear in front of the Fiendfyre when he was seventeen. Whatever happens in this bed, Harry can't think of Malfoy as just a client, and he can't help wanting to throw a barb at him.He doesn't though. Just as Harry is opening his mouth to talk, he notices the dull gold of the key clutched between Malfoy's fingers. Malfoy isn't a client after all; clients don't have the key to the room. Harry won't have to question his non-existent deontology.'Where is Jugson?' Harry asks, sitting up. He feels more alert than he's been all day.Malfoy doesn't answer, but clears his throat again. Harry wonders if maybe Malfoy is here by mistake after all, before he notices Malfoy glancing downwards, and realises what has Malfoy acting so strangely.'If a naked cock bothers you so much,' Harry leers, thrusting his hips a bit, just for the fun of Malfoy's reaction, 'maybe you've chosen the wrong line of work.''Jugson's dead,' Malfoy says flatly, ignoring Harry's effrontery masterfully.'Why?' Harrys doesn't ask how because, if Malfoy's taking Jugson's place, there's no doubt he's the one who's done the deed. It doesn't mean he's done it on his own initiative.Malfoy finally closes the door behind him. It doesn't feel as claustrophobic as when Jugson did it, and it might be because of the way Malfoy keep glancing nervously and almost involuntarily at Harry's cock. Malfoy searches the room for a suitable place to sit for a few seconds, and after a dubious appraisal of the still come-stained bed, conjures a chair. It's much less ostentatious than Harry would have expected, a simple hard-back wooden chair that doesn't even look comfortable.Malfoy sits down and says, 'It turns out Jugson was keeping some of the Dark Lord's Galleons for himself.''Oh,' Harry says evenly. He didn't expect Malfoy to actually answer him, and never so truthfully, but he can't say he's surprised at the news. 'He stole from us all the time too.' Harry doesn't know why he's said it except perhaps to return Malfoy's honesty. He doesn't want to give him ideas though, so he shuts up. No need to tell Malfoy what other kind of liberties Jugson used to take.Thinking about it now, it's a feat that Jugson managed to stay alive as long as he did. Jugson might have been their pimpor supervisoras his official title stated, but the brothel has always belonged to Voldemort. Jugson behaved like he owned it completely, though. Given Jugson's proclivities for the pleasures of the flesh, it's a wonder he got the job in the first place. Harry knows some of the girls spent more time with him than with clients. And Harry himself could have done without Jugson's visits every night. Good riddance.'So, why are you here except to stare at my cock?' Harry asks because they've both been silent too long, and it should feel more awkward than it does. Harry sometimes doesn't remember how to have a conversation anymore.Malfoy frowns briefly, but regains his impassive expression. He stands up from his chair, his fists clenched and his gaze fixed unwaveringly on Harry. Within three steps, his long legs have brought him almost nose to nose with Harry.He's bending over Harry, his arms bracketing Harry's shoulders, his breath louder than the tightness around his lips would let one think. Malfoy's face is still as far from Harry as their position allows, and Harry doesn't know what to do. All his instincts tell him to slither away, but he's naked, lying and leaning on his elbows, and he doesn't want to appear even more vulnerable than he already is. It's been a while since Harry felt the need to escape so strongly. There is also this very small part of him that wants to get closer, and to find out if Malfoy's face can ever get un-pinched.'I'm here to make you work, Potter,' Malfoy says simply, his eyes intent and his breath caressing Harry's face but their skin never touching.And then the weight of Malfoy's hands is gone from the mattress, taking most of the warmth pooling in Harry's chest with it. Malfoy is straightening up and sneering down at Harry, and Harry feels bereft, unfamiliarly so, and he doesn't know why.Malfoy leaves the room without another glance at Harry. Harry doesn't like that he hasn't taken the trouble to Vanish his bloody chair first. Harry only realises belatedly that his cock is hard. His cock hasn't been hard without the use of potions for years; Harry didn't know it was even still possible. He doesn't touch it though; he closes his eyes and goes back to sleep.