Disclaimer: I do not own Harry PotterRemus hated being a werewolf. Remus also hated full moons. The only thing that made nights like that bearable were his friends. He had a very limited number and only one of them didn't join him on full moons. Of the three that did, Sirius, James, and Peter, he had one particular favorite. Lilly, his only other friend, was still unaware of his...condition. Only thing was, he wasn't a favorite. Of all his friends, he was no one's favorite. He was more of a background character and, being an avid reader, he had studied it intensely. James and Sirius were best friends. Potter was Black's favorite. Evans was Potter's favorite. Snape was Evan's favorite. Potter was Pettigrew's favorite. That meant he was on the same level as Peter which was a good reason to wrinkle his nose and, or scoff. The problem, however, was that Peter was the comic relief in their group leaving Remus as more of an outsider. As he mulled all this over, chewing on small bites of his chocolate bar, reading his very favorite book, he began to grow sad. This was, as far as Remus was concerned, something he needed to bury within himself. He had to hide it because he couldn't bother his friends with something as stupid as feeling left out. Especially when he was the outsider. What would they think of him? Would their opinion of him decease? He'd never really been good at their level of scheming and pranks and he mostly just did their homework for them but surly they thought of him as more than just a object to use. A servant for homework, a lesser to Peter. He, unlike his three other animagus friends was not a pureblood. Remus shut his book with an angry thud as he finished the last of his chocolate bar. He was the house elf of a trio of pure bloods. The pet, the maid, the butler, the help. He was nothing to them and he suddenly felt very sad. He rubbed his eyes to make sure he hadn't started crying yet and was relieved that he had been able to retain it this far. He returned the book to its spot in the shelf in the big old library before returning to his room. The room he shared with his three masters. He sat on his bed and as he reached for his school textbook he realized his hand was shaking. His eyes followed its shakes up his arm to realize he was shaking softly. He opened his mouth to questions himself silently about it only to release a small sob. He quickly shut it again as Sirius and James walked into the room side by side, Peter trailing after. He grabbed his book and laid back on his bed quickly, hiding his face behind the large text."Did you see the look on Snape's face?" James asked laughing."Did you see the looks on everyone else's faces?" Sirius countered, also laughing. They flopped down onto their respective beds, Sirius's next to Remus and James's across from Sirius. This left Peter to waddle to his bed, across from Remus where he smiled between the two laughing boys."You missed the fun Moony." James said."Yeah Remus." Minion Peter added."The full moon's tonight. You should get some sleep." Sirius said as he moved from his bed to stand by Remus's, arms folded over his chest."Mhmm." Remus mumbled, not trusting his voice. He began pulling the curtains shut but before he could Sirius snatched the book from his hands, revealing his tear-stained face. James was laying back on his bed and Peter was paying too much attention to James, leaving Sirius as the only one to notice."Moony-" Sirius stopped, noting the terrified look Remus's face turned into. He dropped the book on the table between their two beds and climbed into bed with the werewolf. "You don't have to tell me if you don't want to." Sirius said as he settled down under the covers next to Remus without another word. Remus was silent and still for a long time before he finished closing the curtains."Thank you." Remus whispered softly.
