AU where we are just searching for love for Luna, also author note; the twins are still alive and together.Luna sighs happily as she boards the train, about to start her fifth year at Hogwarts. Dragging her multicolored trunks behind her and wearing her most favorite pink and green wool sweater. "It's going to be a great year as always." She thought to herself, finding the train cabin with her best friend Ginny already saving her a seat, she smiles a toothy grin at her and shrugs all her things off onto the closest seat, and embraces her friend "Ginny! I've missed you! It seems like ages!" hugging her tightly and Ginny laughs and replies "Luna, we just seen each other a week ago, we went supply hunting together." Luna laughs and lets the death grip of a hug cease and sits down next to Ginny "Well, I know this but it's always nice to see friends again, you never know what could happen in a weeks' time!" while Ginny shakes her head and smiles, Luna pulls her leather, brown satchel from the top of her luggage pile and takes out the newest copy of The Quibbler, which is written by her father she reminds everyone who even glances at the cover.Ginny beings to ramble on about her home life, complaints of her brothers picking on her all summer, Ron always having been gone or having Hermione over, the twins making her work at the shop with them and just "testing the products" on her. Luna smiles and nods along to the woes of Ginny's life and maybe putting in a few comments here and there like "oh no!" or "I bet" then she would turn to the next page of her magazine.The sun was finally setting in the skies as Luna finished up reading The Quibbler, she likes to think of it as the best thing ever written but only few agree with her on that.Ginny had fallen asleep with her head against the train window, all Luna was worried about was that she was going to get a neck cramp but she kept that to herself, she didn't want to wake her. A few moments later she heard a knocking on the window of the door and she saw a familiar face, it was Neville Longbottom, one of her other friends, she waves for him to come in and he smiles and opens the door, stepping inside and closing it again. "Hello Neville!" Luna chimes as she hops up to hug him, he looks startled at this gesture and awkwardly hugs back "Uh um Hi Luna" he says back smiling and letting the hug go, she smiles and sits back down in her seat, "How was your summer, Neville?" he sits next to the pile of trunks and luggage that Luna had stacked in the seats and clears his throat "Uh it was good, mostly stayed home with grams" he smiled awkwardly back at her, she was quiet for a few moments and just stared off until he asked her how her break was, which brought her back to the now "We should be arriving soon, shouldn't we?" She asked him as she looked out the window he replied "Yes, I believe so, but I'm never really sure anymore." He chuckles to himself and Luna laughs too as she begins to put her magazine into her bag and pulls her proper robes, noticing that he was already wearing his. This is going to be a good year, she thought to herself, she could feel it.
