Harry Potter and the Rifts in TimeChapter 1: The Rift"Are you insane!? You can't go in there!" Hermione said scolding me."It's just a portal how bad could it be?" I said walking towards it."Yeah Hermione. How bad could it be?" Ron said agreeing with me"That, is no portal, It's a rift in time itself." Hermione said in her know it all voice"Too late." Ron said looking at her as I stepped through it. It felt like being crushed into a ball flattened and then stretched, It was extremely painful. Eventually it stopped and I felt like I was being spit out of something. I woke in my bed and looked at myself, I was young again; I looked to be around eleven years old. I cursed to myself, I would not go through all of this again. I got out of bed changed my clothes and went downstairs. "Ah there the little rat is!" Uncle Vernon said pointing at me "Get down here I have a job for you.""I don't feel like it." I said walking past him."I don't care if you don't feel like it!" He shouted at me."You should." I said erecting a magical barrier around him. He came at me and was pushed backward. "BOY! What the hell did you do!?" He shouted at me."Just a bit of magic." I said winking at him. He looked at me horrified."PETUNIA! How does he know!?" He roared at his wife who was looking just as horrified."I don't know." she said feebly."Boy, you are not going to that freak school!" He roared again"Ah, but I am" I said defiantly as a letter burst through the door."PETUNIA GRAB THAT LETTER!" He roared again. I erected a new magical barrier around my aunt too and walked towards the letter calmly as she was thrown backward. I wandlessly summoned a nearby owl and attached my letter to it. It flew off and I walked upstairs lowering the barriers around my aunt and uncle. I knew they would be furious with me "but what do I care" I thought flopping down on my bed again.A/N I'm finally living up to my name with a harry potter fanfic. Yay! Now you're proud of me Riiiiight? Aaanyway. Potterlover23 OUT! (This was done before I changed my name).
