Title: you don't need them when you have us.Summery: While the twins, Hermione, and Harrie are in London they run into three people they never thought they would see again.note: Femharry/ George, Fred/ Hermionedisclaimer: I do not own harry potter. Harry potter belongs to J.K. RowlingIt was the middle of summer and Harriet went out to buy baby clothes for the new baby that was coming. Hermione, George, and Fred had went with her so they all could spend time with their family."Look this one has a dragon on it!" George said excitedly as he showed the onesie to his wife. Harrie smiled at her husband as she looked at the clothes."This one has books on it!" Hermione said excitedly. Fred smiled at his girlfriend and pulled out some that said 'prankster' on it."George you have to get this one for the little guy!" Fred told his brother. Harrie got a big smile when she put it in the cart. They continued to look at the clothes and toys in the section for about an hour. Though it seemed like three people were watching them."Harrie do you recognize those people? They have been watching you for about an hour now." George said. Harrie looked over to the people and saw the three people who had made her life a living hell and she was not talking about Voldemort."Aunt Petunia?" Harrie asked. The woman looked at the girl and smiled."What are you doing in London freak?" The man near her asked. Hermione glared at him and George held his wife close."Well Vernon my husband, his twin, my best friend, and I are shopping. I am sure that's what your suppose to do in a shop." Harriet replied. Vernon glared at his niece and Dudley walked over to his cousin and saw her small bump."Dad stop your going to stress her out and I'm sure that's not good for her baby." Dudley said. Petunia looked at her nieces tummy and suddenly had a shocked look on her face."Just what we needed, more freaks." Vernon sneered. Harrie felt the tears forming and George glared at the man."Vernon, I think you should stop..." Petunia started to say but she was interrupted."Shut up! You treated this girl like a house elf for years and in the end she still made sure you were safe! She invited all three of you to our wedding and do you or your wife show up? No! We are lucky Dudley showed up! Harrie was close to tears when nether of you two showed up! She saved everyone! You nearly died every year at Hogwarts and died for an hour during the war! I nearly lost my soulmate during that war! She not only saved everyone in the wizard world she saved you three! And what do you do when you run into her in London? You insult her! She loves you even though you put her through crap!" George yelled at them. Petunia was nearly in tears and Harrie was crying. Not because her husband cared enough to yell at them and not because of Vernon. She was crying because everything George said was completely true. Dudley pulled his crying cousin into a hug and Vernon looked like he was going to explode."Harrie, I'm so sorry for treating you badly all those years." Dudley said. Petunia nodded in agreement.When the three of them left Harrie looked heart broken. She hoped that by now they would stop hating her but she guessed that she was just fooling herself."You don't need them. You have us." Fred told his sister in law. Harrie smiled at them and they left the shop.Ok I had writers block so I wrote this in hope that I would be able to write more than one- shots after this. Also my first gender bent and my second harry potter that will be staying on the site! So I hope I will be able to write at least one more before school starts. So it starts on Monday so that might not happen but I am hopeful. Also I hope this doesn't seem to rushed.
