Don't own this.Of Epic ProportionsSummary: A practical joke, that is. James wakes up one morning, and something's different.Characters: Marauders, LilyWord Count: 1,209Rating: KIt was not a biased or unfair assumption when one said that James Potter was a popular boy. He was always well-liked, and he was so insistent on being popular that he would stop to talk to several people in the corridors, no matter where they were going (while Sirius would stand a little to one side, barely opening his mouth and keeping his arms folded, getting more and more irritated) or how long it took. After the success of the last Quidditch match, this popularity had reached an admittedly alarming height, and he became the true hero of Gryffindor, destined to lead them to victory. He was rarely without company, adoring fans or eager younger house members, desperate to emulate his Quidditch skills - or as James called them, 'wannabes'. "Natural talent, Evans," he would tell Lily wisely, tapping his temple as though that was where he stored his talent. "That's all it takes. Unfortunately for them, they don't have it."Although far from humble, James insisted that this fame was annoying. His friends knew better. He enjoyed every minute of it.On the morning of April 6th, the students were still in the midst of a very successful April Fool's Day - at least, in the Marauders' eyes - and as far as James was concerned, he had earned a bit of peace before getting up to more mischief.He woke early, as he usually did, and after showering - he thoroughly enjoyed the amount of time he had in the shower, as no other Marauder ever saw this time of day - he headed for the Quidditch pitch. Training had picked up to an even more rigorous and intensive regime than it already was, but James made no apologies. They were so close he could nearly taste that gleaming gold Cup, and he wouldn't take any risks.However, upon arriving at the pitch, he was faced with an extraordinarily bizarre sight. The pitch was empty. There wasn't a single member there before him, and while he was never late, that was simply unheard of. There was no one tossing around a Quaffle, no one was already dressed and practising loops.Alright, maybe they'd woken up later than usual this morning. He headed for the team's changing room, sure right down to his core that they were there, yawning and dozing off on each other's shoulders, but still willing to put in a good practice.Nothing. No one.Befuddlement only began to explain James' emotion. His team were only slightly less crazed about Quidditch than he was. He knew they'd never skive off practice. And even if they would, they weren't stupid or suicidal enough to do it all at once. Perhaps they'd forgotten.That theory was quickly dismissed, as James remembered practically beating into their brain that he'd booked the pitch for this time on Saturdays, and they weren't allowed forget. It didn't really seem possible that they'd call forgotten. Especially since he'd reminded Abbie right before bed last night, and told her to remind the rest of the team.Was this supposed to be funny?Seething and brewing with furious half-formed intentions to strangle someone, James charged up to the school . By now, most of the house had come down for breakfast, and upon scanning the table, his eye found every last member of the team. They were sitting about, still half asleep with bed hair, but perfectly content.They weren't looking at him. In fact, no one was looking at him. Not one single person called out to him or waved or giggled when they noticed him. No one looked up.He stopped where Abbie was sitting with her friends, since he considered her his second in command, and the only person whose passion came close to his.He tapped her shoulder, fidgeting with impatience. She didn't turn around. He shook her shoulder, but she didn't even appear to notice. None of her friends so much as glanced in his direction.He yelled her name, right in her ear. No reaction. He took her knife and fork childishly. She simply got another one. He tried every member of his team, and with not even a head turn from a single one, he gave up, weary. He noticed his friends sitting a bit up the table with the girls from the year, and his eyes narrowed suspiciously.Warily, he approached them. They hadn't saved him a seat, which was practically unheard of. He shoved Sirius' shoulder and asked him to move. Sirius acted as if he didn't hear him. Next he tried Remus, pulling on his shirt. He pulled at Peter's hair and demanded they make some room. Nothing.Lily. Lily would crack a smile at least, she'd do something. He couldn't sit down beside her - no one seemed interested in making room for him from this side of the table either - but he poked her side, pouting. He could swear he saw her cheeks turn pink, but apart from that, she gave no reaction.James was left standing, looking like a fool in the middle of the Great Hall. And the weird thing was, no one seemed to notice. There were no overly zealous sixth years shoving someone off their seat to make room for him and calling him over.When Mary got up to go to the library, he leaped into her seat before it could close up, and with a huff, got himself breakfast. He racked his brains, trying to think of some way he could have offended all his mates and his entire Quidditch team simultaneously.He came up blank. In fact, he was positive he'd done nothing. Maybe they were tired."Can someone please pass the jam?" he called up the table, expectantly. No one moved.Not more than ten seconds later, Remus perked his head up. "Could someone pass the jam?"Immediately, Lily handed it over the table to him. James' jaw dropped. His eyes darted between the two, and then to everyone else, who hadn't appeared to notice him.To make matters worse, Professor McGonagall approached the table as she was leaving the hall, nodding at the boys. She had come to tell Sirius that she was very pleased with his last Transfiguration mark, even though James had gotten at least ten marks higher than him in that test.Sirius smirked back at her. "Well, I am top of that class, Professor?""No, you're not!" James protested, scowling at him. Sirius didn't hear him. "Hello?" he demanded, waving his hand in front of Sirius' face.Suddenly a thought struck him. "Professor, did you cancel Quidditch practice this morning?" he asked politely, frowning at her. If anyone would understand his frustration, it would be McGonagall.She didn't look at him. She simply bid the students - and James had a funny feeling that he wasn't included in that lot - goodbye and left. Completely ignored him.The rest of the day continued in a similar pattern, and he suffered from his particular ability to disappear for the entire duration of it. James Potter - star of the school, hero of Gryffindor, and never ever averse to any amount of attention thrown at him - was invisible.Thanks for reading!
