"Things are not always what they seem; the first appearance deceives many; the intelligence of a few perceives what has been carefully hidden."  PhaedrusDominique Weasley walked into her sister's dormitory room needing her help with a few of her clothes that had been damaged on the way to Hogwarts. Her sister wasn't there though. Her trunk was open with clothes strewn over her bed and the sides of the trunk. And there standing in front of a mirror holding up one of Victoire's favorite shirts to her like it was a dress was a House Elf. Her pink hair was pulled up into an elegant upsweep and had several of Victoire's barrettes in it. Several things of makeup were open on the bedside table and the House Elf's face was done up."What do you think you're doing?" Dominique asked the House Elf in a scathing tone. "How dare you create this mess and use my sister's things!" She said grabbing the shirt from her.The House Elf looked shocked and tried to speak, but nothing would come out."Look at all of this! You cannot be serious! Do you know how long this is going to take to clean up? Not to mention you shouldn't get into other people's things!" She said scolding the House Elf. "This is too much! I'm going straight to McGonagall about this outrage!"Again she tried to speak, but nothing came out. There was such fear in her large blue eyes and then suddenly she burst into tears and rushed out of the room.Dominique grumbled as she tidied up the mess. The nerve of that House Elf! How dare she create this mess and now Dominique had to clean it up. A House Elf should really know her place. She'd be putting in an injunction with McGonagall, that was for certain!She heard steps outside. "Linnea? I've found those earrings I was" Victoire stopped seeing Dominique there picking up clothes. "Nikki?" She looked around. "Where's Linnea?""I don't know, when I got here some House Elf was in here playing with your stuff." She said grumbling."Oh, you didn't, Nikki! Tell me you didn't!" She said a hand on her mouth."Didn't what? I told the House Elf off and to get out of here and I'd be going to McGonagall to complain about her.""Nikki! Linnea isn't one of the workers here! She's a student!""A student? A House Elf is a student here?" She asked her sister like she was mad."Linnea isn't a House Elf! And she's shy enough about her looks! She's part Goblin! Maybe some House Elf as wellbut, oh dear, Nikki! I was trying to help her feel better about her looks."Dominique frowned. "I'm sorryI didn't know""Oh, Nikki, even if she was a House ElfMama and Daddy didn't raise us like that.""I knowI'm sorry." She felt even worse for jumping to conclusions like that. The poor girl. She must have gotten all sorts of stares from the other students for how she looked. She knew what that was like being part-Veela. "I'll help you find her and apologize." She told her sister."It's certainly the least you can do." Victoire said sighing. "Let's go."
