Summary: Everyone in the wizarding world has a tattoo the day they are born, telling them their soul-mates initials, but what happens when Charlie Weasley meets his soul-mate, Tom Riddle aka Lord Voldemort? Warnings: OOC Voldemort/Charlie slash relationship. Don't like don't read. Bad grammar/spelling.Cantil: Hey guys! So I randomly came up with the idea of a Charlie Weasley/Voldemort pairing. No particular reason besides I like to write random pairings that you wouldn't even consider. Which leads us to this story. I hope you like it. Tattooed SoulsChapter 1 Molly and Arthur knew that if they were to have children that the child would be born with a soul-mate, but they wished they had a choice in the matter. Their marriage had been rocky from the start and they didn't wish that kind of heartache on anyone, let alone their kids. The two of them decided that they would prep them at an early age.With Bill it was difficult because he didn't take having a soul-mate well. In retrospect they might have waited too long to tell him what his tattoo meant. Bill was eleven when they got up the courage to tell him, and they knew that when Molly got pregnant with Charlie they needed to tell him sooner.When Charlie was very young he never really cared about the green lettered initials tattooed in cursive on his right wrist. His brother Bill had one too, but Charlie hadn't seen it nor was Bill inclined to share what was written. Once Charlie was seven his mother told him it was his soul-mate and that one day he would marry said person. Charlie grew excited at the prospect.It was a beautiful summer day, the wind blew softly through Charlies red hair as they sat on a bench underneath an oak tree."You mean there's a person out there just for me?" he asked in wonder, bouncing up and down on his seat. Molly smiled brightly and ruffled his hair."Yes, dear." She looked in the distance, lost in thought. She watched her husband chase Bill around the yard with a hose, both laughing gleefully.Charlie beamed up at her, shot up and ran off to tell his brother the good news, but soon got distracted when Arthur sprayed him in the face then ran off. Charlie laughed, wiped the water out of his eyes, and ran after him, Bill following behind. Charlie couldn't understand why his brother was so mad when he told him the good news later that night while in the bed opposite Bills. When he asked, Bill only grew more upset."Because it's not fair! A stupid tattoo or anyone else shouldn't tell us who we can and can't be with." He spat angrily."But Bill, just think about it. Somewhere out there," Charlie pointed out the window where the stars shown brightly, "There's someone looking out their window at all these stars thinking about how cool it is to have a soul-mate somewhere on the other side of the planet. Do you really want to make yours sad by not accepting them for who they are?" Charlie saw the look on Bills face, got out of bed, slid on top of his and grasped Bills hands in his tiny ones."Bill don't think of it as a curse. Think of it as another adventure. Pretty soon you'll be back at Hogwarts and you won't even know it then...Bam! You'll see your soul-mate walking past you and you will finally be happy." He promised with a carefree smile.Bill stared at Charlies tattoo for many moments before sighing tiredly and released Charlies hands. "I hope you're right." He muttered. Charlie nodded vigorously."Of course I am. Now smile for once." Charlie laughed and once Bill offered a weak smile, he went back to his own bed and quickly fell asleep.XXXAs Charlie aged, he became more and more depressed. He went to Hogwarts every year and no matter how much he wanted to believe what he had told Bill that night nine years ago, he couldn't bring himself to trust his own words. Bill had found his soul-mate, Fleur Delacour, but would Charlie ever find his?He sighed and looked down at his wrist. The initials T.M.R glittered mockingly in the sunlight, teasing him with its very essence. Charlie lay in the Griffindor tower on his last day at Hogwarts and all he wanted was to meet this person, but Charlie didn't know that this person would find him first.XXXCantil: Yay! Chapter one complete. Please review if you could, and constructive criticism only. 
