Letters not mailedHarry/HermioneSet 20 years after the epilogTime travelWeasley/Dumbledore BashingHugo Weasley, Was cleaning the attic after the death of his mother. In a shoe box hidden away, He found letters in his mothers hand writing, all addressed to Harry Potter. Not thinking of the problems it would cause. He sent them to Harry with his owl. Then he went back to cleaning the attic.Harry was late getting home from work that night. His wife Ginny was out as usual. Being the social butterfly she became after there marriage, Harry had grown not to care. He went to his study, pulled out a bottle of fire whiskey and took a long draw straight from the bottle. His best friend.Hermione had just been laid to rest three day earlier. He was assigned to her case. Ron had come home and apparently found her dead on the kitchen floor. Their home had been broken into, and the killing curse used. Nothing had been taken and Ron's wand had been checked the magical signature didn't match, and Ron had been with Harry at the time of death. No leads were found, it just didn't add up.It was then Harry saw the box on his desk tied with a ribbon and Hugo's messy scrawl with only his name written top. Harry took the box in hand and opened it. He found the first letter addressed to him dated Nov 13, 2000.three weeks after Hermione and Ron's wedding. He looked down at the beautiful Hand writing and slowly opened the letter.The first thing he noticed were tear stains as he began to readDearest Harry:We just returned from the honeymoon. It was horrible, from the moment we got to the hotel room. Ronald smacked me across the face as soon as we entered; he then threw me on the bed a proceeded to rape me. He tore my clothes off and threw my wand on the floor. Then told me and I quote "Now I have what Harry always wanted!" It got worse from there. I don't know what to do. I know there is no divorce in our world. I've made my bed, I must lie in it. I wish now I had told you how much I love you! I know you would never have felt the same for me. I'll just put this away to remind myself how stupid I am.I'll always Love you first and most!HermioneHarry's tears were now joining Hermione's on the page as his magic erupted. Eighteen years she put up with abuse.eighteen years!Each letter he read chronicled it more and more. Harry had never seen it..never noticed. After his miserable child hood and marriage, how could he possibly miss it?It all came down to Ron's insane Jealousy; He had always been that way. All through Hogwarts, it was why does Harry get everything, why not me. The last letter was the worst. It was from the day before Her death.Dearest Harry;Ron and I had another big fight today. He admitted we were both dosed with a mild love potion and loyalty potion for years. It started after forth year, you were not noticing Ginny and we were getting close. They decided we were going to belong to them. Then he told me we were in the book of souls. When our marriages happened a line went through our names. Why did we never kiss Harry? It would have killed the potions. Just remember I LOVE YOU! I can't live like this any more.Love alwaysHermioneHarry now knew, Hermione had taken her own life.Harry's magic swirled around him, it was like a storm of epic proportions. Suddenly the light flashed beyond the light of the sun, and then all went black.
