Chapter One- In a Parallel Universe Where Draco is the Dragonborn.This is my first Harry Potter fanfiction and it's really weird.Granger pointed her wand at Draco's throat. He tried to show courage and failed. Although she was a pathetic muggle, she was quite talented. If pushed to far, the muggle could kill him. "Hermione no!" Weasley cried out, drawing Granger's attention. "He's not worth it."There were a few aching moments of silence, then the threat was swiftly removed. Draco began to laugh. He knew she didn't have it in her. A goody-two-shoes like her would never His smug thoughts were cut off, when a fist collided with his nose. The force of the impact sent his head back, into the large rocky outcrop behind him. With a numb and confused mind he stumbled.Suddenly a set of bars and numbers appeared to the right of his vision. Dramatic fast paced music began to play. A bar containing red energy slowly began to refill. Had the muggle's punch done that much damage? Wait, how did he know that the red bar connected to his health? Then a voice from long ago began to fill his ears. "In their tongue he is Dovahkiin, Dragonborn."The blond fifteen year old, straightened up. With a dangerous glint in his eyes, he observed Granger. Taking a deep breath, he used the first shout that came to mind. "Fus Ro Dah!"Granger was thrown back, falling a good distance away. "Hermione!" Weasley and Potter both exclaimed.Weasley ran to the muggle, while Potter drew his wand. "How dare you!" He growled, his voice low and dangerous.Draco took a moment to think. It was best to not fight Potter, the jerk was probably immortal. Instead Draco raised his hand in the air, causing a flame atronach to appear. "Delay him!" He commanded before bolting towards the castle.A few days later, Draco Malfoy sat in the school library, thinking things over. Ever since he'd discovered these weird new powers, things had been very different. He didn't need to eat, or sleep, or drink water. His wand wasn't needed anymore and if no-one was attacking him he could teleport great distance. Also if he put a basket over someone's head, he could steal from them. Without them noticing! "Maybe that's just because people are stupid." He mused.Another weird thing were the hooded people. He wasn't really sure who they were, but they kept asking him to join them. So far, he'd declined but, maybe if they asked again"Malfoy!" An enraged voice, pulled him out of his thoughts.He looked upon Potter with a bored expression. "So," He drawled. "I see another atronach had failed.""I don't know how your doing it, but you had better not do it again."Draco's eyes flicker to his mana bar, to find it disappointingly low. "Who's going to stop me? You?"Potter growled and drew his wand. Draco sighed and pulled a random book from the shelf. The moment he opened it, Potter and all others in the library froze. "What manner of magic is this?" The boy-who-lived questioned, his voice increasing in volume."Shh," Draco whispered, placing a finger over his lips. "I'm reading."The blond boy smirked, as Potter silently fumed. Oh, yes. These new powers would be most helpful indeed.Let me guess, what the hell did I just read? I honestly can't explain it. I'm sorry. So if you have a parallel universe suggestion, or you want to see more of Draco as a Dragonborn, just tell me.Review (& tell me I'm not crazy for writing this.)
