And it is only just the beginning.Friday 1st September.Chapter 1: We're coming home."Investing in yourself is the best investment you will ever make. It will not only improve your life, it will improve the lives of all those around you." - Robin S. Sharma.It was extremely clamorous on Platform 9 , ecstatic shouts could be heard coming from children who were thrilled to be getting away from their parents. Murmurs of "be good" and "If I receive an owl saying you've blasted another toilet into the forbidden forest," could be perceive from stern fathers. The over-protective mothers sobs echoed around the Platform walls.Lily Evans wasn't really paying attention to anything going on around her. She had already been practically suffocated by her mother and father who couldn't come onto the Platform because they were Muggles and if they tried they would've knocked themselves out. Lily felt sorry for her parents, because this was going to be the first time that their youngest daughter would've ever been away from their over-protective gaze and she wasn't even going to be in the same country as them, well at least that's what they thought.You see, Lily is magical; to be more precise she was a witch. She would never of guessed it herself. But when she turned eleven she got a letter delivered by owl stating:Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryHeadmaster: Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand sorcerer, Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Wizards).Dear Miss Evans,We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1st. I (Professor McGonagall) will arrive later on today to talk to you and your parents and arrange a visit to Diagon Alley. We await your owl by no later then 31th July.Sincerely,Minerva McGonagall (Deputy Headmistress and Head of Gryffindor house).At first Lily thought it was some lame joke from the boy across the road, but then she met Severus Snape. The boy had lived down the road from her in Spinners End, for as long as she could remember. To be honest she had always thought he was strange, well that was her older sister Petunia had said. That was probably one of the last-real sentences she had ever said to Lily. You see Petunia is what magical people call Muggles; just like Lily's parents, which means that they have no magical powers. Petunia hasn't talked to Lily properly since her letter arrived, she even resolved to calling her a Freak. Mr and Mrs Evans, have always said that Petunia is just jealous because shes not extraordinarily and will eventually get over it, but Lily doesn't think she ever will.*flashback ended*"Lilyflower!" Lily heard a voice behind squeal, she shook her head as she ventured back to reality before turning around to see two of her bestfriends standing behind her wearing matching devilish grins.Abbie Lvesque, Dannielle Desmarai and Lily had met in this very spot five years ago, and funnily enough they were wearing the very same mischievous looks as well.Lily couldn't help but smile at the two girls, "What have you two done now?" she asked before eyeing the girls up warily.Danielle had light blonde hair which traveled down her back in loose curls, her clear skin tone helped her soft brown eyes stand out more; she was the smallest out of the four girls stood at 5"1. Abbie on the other hand had chestnut brown hair which went past her shoulders naturally straight, her dark ocean blue eyes emphasized her tanned face; Abi was the tallest out of the girls at 5"4.Both of the girls appearances were very different from Lily's this had something to do with the fact they were both quarter-Veelas.Lily had a lightly tanned face, flaming red hair and the light golden freckles which were scatted along her nose under her almond shaped peculiar bright emerald eyes."Oh nothing," Abbie insisted, before bursting into a fit of laughter, shortly followed by Dannielle. Lily shook her head as she watched her best friends slide down the wall they were using to support themselves and land in a bundle on the floor.Lily sighed before asking, "Do one of you at least know where Lottie is?"Even if one of them was about to reply to her question they wouldn't of been heard as a loud booming voice echoed around the Platform, "DANNIELLE SHAI DESMARAI YOU MIGHT BE MY COUSIN BUT WHEN I FIND YOU, YOUR SO GETTING HEXED INTO OBLIVION!" Lily stared wide-eyed in the direction of the voice that she recognized as James Potter along with many other people, and another voice then shouted, "OH, AND DON'T YOU WORRY ABBIE GRACE LVESQUE YOU'LL BE GETTING YOU FAIR SHARE OF HEXES TOO!" this voice shirked, the owner of this voice was Sirius Black.Lily turned back to the girls wide-eyed hoping to get an explanation only to find they were huddled once again on the floor with tears of laughter streaming down their faces.However, Lily didn't have to wait for long as the source of the noise came stomping and banging around the corner until she saw James Potter and Sirius Black, who had apparently had their lower halves transfigured into centaurs and their arms transfigured into thick troll arms. Remus was strolling behind them laughing loudly at the situation his two friends were in.Everyone who was standing in the same area as them, stood speechless looking on-wards at the two 'Golden heart-breakers of Hogwarts'."DON'T YOU DARE LAUGH AT US MOONY, I SWEAR ONE DAY WHEN YOU'RE IN A SITUATION LIKE THIS I'M GOING TO LAUGH IN YOUR FACE AND SEE HOW YOU LIKE IT!" exclaimed a slightly distressed Sirius, while Remus replied highly amused by the scene before him replied, "Well for one Padfoot, I'll never be in a situation like you guys and two, to be fair I did tell the two of you not to charm their pens last year to miss-spell everything that they wrote."Remus smirked as Sirius opened his mouth to reply, but closed his mouth a second later because he couldn't think of anything to response with. He then walked over to Dannielle, put his arm around her waist and kissed her temple.Dannielle and Remus had been dating since the beginning of their 4th year, something which James wasn't very keen on as Dannielle was his younger cousin and he didn't like the idea of her and one of his bestfriends dating, but once he saw how happy they were together he let it go.Lily laughed at Remus' statement and James looked at her, he smiled shyly. Their relationship was a strange one, up until last year Lily thought that James was just a spoiled arrogant toe-rang, who loved to fool around and ask her out 24/7 all because he wanted to prove a point that he could get anyone in the school to date him.His hazel eyes locked with her emerald ones and she smiled back. Lily could always see why James was classed as the golden boy heart-breaker from Gryffindor along with Sirius.But now she could actually see why many girls liked him; the way his sexy jet black hair always looked like he had just came off his broomstick, the little glints of mischief in his eyes behind his round but attractive glasses. And that smile, well lets just say that Lily now knew how he got away with basically murder at school, one sight of that smirk/smile and you're automatically sent into a daydream.Lily shook her head rapidly; stop thinking that Lils, he's just your friend, but he wants to go out with me, no he doesn't, uh yes he does, WILL YOU SHUT UP!"Um Lils, are you ok?" Remus asked, waving his hand back and forth infront of her face. Unlike the others he had seen Lily and James little moment and was now smirking."Eh? Umm yeah, I'm fine Remus," Lily answered smiling slightly while shaking her head again.She looked over at the big clock that hung proudly in the middle of the Platform, "Crap! Guys its 10:54am. We better get on the train and try to find an empty compartment."James and Sirius both practically shouted, "I'm not getting on the train looking like this!" Remus had resumed laughing at this point. Lily glanced over to Abbie and Dannielle, who sighed, they took out their wands muttered the counter curse.The six of them then quickly scuttled over to the fascinatingly magnificent Hogwarts Express just as the conductor blew the whistle to announce that it was leaving in five minutes.The boys grudgingly helped the girls load their luggage onto the train, they then shuffled along the restricted train corridors to find an empty compartment only to find Peter Pettigrew sitting quite comfortably with Charlotte (Lottie) Jones and the other three Gryffindor 6th girls, who shared the dormitory with the Lily and the girls and sometimes hung around with them: Alice Vance, Marlene McKinnon and Mary Macdonald."Hey girls.. boys, I was wondering when you three had got to," Lottie spoke, standing up from her seat and going to hug the three girls individually. Charlotte had dark chestnut hair which traveled her back in waves, her slightly tanned face helped her light brown eyes stand out more; she was the seconded smallest out of the girls stood at 5"2."Um guys not wanting to burst anybody's bubble but I don't think this compartment is big enough for all of us," Sirius observed, looking around the compartment."Well Black you could always go into another compartment," Mary replied smirking.Before Sirius could reply with most likely a cocky remark, James whipped out his wand and cast the undetectable extension charm, to expand the compartment twice its size to fit the eleven of them inside.Abbie immediately took the left-hand side window seat while Sirius took the right-hand side window seat opposite her. Also sitting on the left-hand side was: Mary, Alice, James and Marlene. While sitting on the right-hand side along with Sirius was: Dannielle, Remus, Lottie, Peter and Lily.Peter took out a packet of Exploding snap cards out of his pocket and said, "So anyone for a game?"Two and a half hours later and they were still on the train. Lily had always wondered where Hogwarts was, she knew that it was in the middle of Scotland and that Muggles can't see it because of some ancient delusional charm but she's never actually payed attention where abouts in Scotland it is.Lily stretched, yawning tiredly as she looked around the compartment: Remus was currently being trapped by a sleeping Dannielle who had fallen asleep and now had her head resting on his lap with her arms around his waist, with her legs on Peters.Lottie was doing some light reading on The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 6 which they had been requested to buy as it was on their school list which had arrived during the hoildays.Abbie was sunk down in her seat and was happily poking Sirius with her feet before he grabbed them and began to tickle them; she was very ticklish. Lily smiled at there antics, Sirius had always had a soft spot for Abbie and she secretly wondered if one of the main heart-breakers and role models in Hogwarts had a slight crush on one particular Veela.Marlene was openly glaring at Abbie and Sirius; it was fairly simple that Marlene fancied Sirius, however Sirius was completely obvious to this. While Alice was repairing Mary's eyebrows as she had been in a very long and heated game of Exploding snap with Peter, who was now repeatedly apologizing feeling terrible that the cards had exploded in her face.A particular jet black haired boy caught Lily's eye and apparently she had caught his too.Lily stared softly into his eyes, determined not to be the one to break the contact but someone else had other ideas.."LILYFLOWER, STOP TRYING TO SEDUCE PRONGISE WITH YOUR EYES AND GET BACK TO EARTH RIGHT NOW!" Sirius shouted, which caused Lily to blush the colour of her hair and James to laugh light-heartedly. Everyone within the compartment laughed at their embarrassment.Remus patted Sirius on the head, "Good boy Padfoot. Anyway Lily we have a Prefect meeting to get to.""Oh ok, c'mon then we better get going." Lily smiled. Her and Remus stood up, causing Dannielle to grumble as she had to shuffle positions and had decided to use Sirius as her new pillow, which caused him to look at her with a confused expressions, she smiled an only-Veela-can-smile did he then realize he was defeated.Lily and Remus were half-way down the train when they heard a voice shout, "NO GO SEDUCING MY REMY, LILYKINS""DON'T WORRY DAN, I'LL LEAVE THAT FOR YOU TO DO IN THE BEDROOM!" Lily shouted back, grinning as Remus blushed.They expected Dannielle to reply, but they were stunned when a deeper voice replied, "I HEARD THAT!" James Potter shouted, his older cousin instincts kicking in; laughter then eroded from their compartment.An hour later the group of Gryffindors were sat in the great hall on their representative house table. They were all having their own individual conversations with one another, when the great doors opened and in came Professor McGonagall followed the bunch of titchy little first years; McGonagall lead them down the middle of the hall, before stopping infront of a three legged stool which had a dusty torn hat placed upon."Ugh! I'm hungry, hurry up!" Peter moaned loudly, causing Professor McGonagall to turn around and glare furiously in his direction, which made him sink down in his seat.Just then the sorting hat song moved and gave a big yawn, creating a mouth-like hole before it flashed an evil-looking smile to the scared first years which were stood nervously infront of the small platform, it then proceeded with the sorting song:"Oh,you may not think I'm pretty,But don't judge on what you see,I'll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your tops hats sleek and tall,For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There's nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can't see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell brave of heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet wise old Ravenclaw,If you've a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou'll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on! Don't be afraid!And you won't get in a flap!You're safe in my hands(though I have none)For I'm a Thinking Cap!"One by one the nervous first years got sorted in their new houses, from Molly Willows who was looking at the three legged stool like it would try and eat her if she sat on it and was later sorted into Hufflepuff when she finally did. To Jorden Kelton who confidently strolled up to the hat stroll and was sorted into Gryffindor after a minute or so."Oh my Merlin, hurry up! I'm fucking wasting away!" Sirius groaned.Lily couldn't help but agree, along with the rest of the group.Professor Dumbledore or 'The main man' the Marauders had fondly christened him stood up and claimed everybody's attention."To our newcomers," said Dumbledore in a ringing voice, stretching his hands wide and a beaming smile on his lips, "welcome! To our old hands - welcome back! First of all I would like to remind you that the forbidden forest is banned to ALL students that do not want to die. Also that Hogsmeade is only for 3rd years and other, All zonko products are banned. I would like to announce that this years Head boy and Head girl are Richard Lvesque and Isla Richardson. Now everyone tuck in!""HERE HERE!" Sirius and James shouted, standing up and raising their glasses."Ahh boys, alas shall you ever change?" Dumbledore chuckled light-heartedly, his blue eyes twinkling with amusement.James and Sirius looked at each-other and grinned before saying, "Nope."At the end of the feast, everyone stuffed to the max started leaving and heading up to the dormitory. First years were rounding up to follow the prefects back to their new bedrooms.A/N: Hello everyone, you might or not might remember that we had a story called 'And it is only just the beginning' a while ago but I deleted it due to not wanting to continue writing it, but I've been bored a lot recently so I've decided to start re-writing it, hoping to improve it and change some things within it as you'll notice if you read the other version. And yes Richard Lvesque is Abbie's older brother.Hope you enjoyed it :)
