Disclaimer: We do not own Harry Potter, J.K. Rowling."The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches . . . born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies . . . and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not . . . and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives . . . the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies . . ."A cat stood on all fours at the end of Number Four Privet Drive. It wasn't an unusual thing for cats to be sneaking by at this time so no one would be suspicious of it. The cat remained unblinking and motionless as if it was waiting for something.The moon was out, shining as bright as the multitude of stars. It was a glorious sight to be seen. As the cat continued to stand and stare at the night sky, an audible pop was heard. The cat turned it's head in time to see a man appear.He was dressed in purple robes. The man was tall, thin, and looked very old due to his unusually long, silver beard and silver hair that was covered by a blue, pointy top hat. His light blue eyes twinkled behind his glasses that were similarly shaped to the moon that was currently out.The man walked towards the cat and stopped right next to it. He stared at the moon and the stars but addressed the cat, "Fancy seeing you, Professor McGonagall."The cat let out a meow an suddenly, in place of the tabby that had previously been there, a sharp-looking woman stood. She, too, was clad in a robe but hers was a faint emerald. Her eyes were hidden behind square glasses and her raven black hair was pulled into a tight bun. "How did you know it was me?" the woman questioned.He let out a chuckle. "My dear Professor, I've never seen a cat sit so stiffly.""You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day," said Professor McGonagall."All day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here." That seemed to unnerve the professor but before she could answer, a roar of an engine was heard. Both figures turned and raised their heads to the sky. A small dot was seen and it appeared to be getting closer and closer by the minute. It was the groundskeeper, their mode of transportation for a very important person.In the distance, a figure could be seen. It was obvious to them that the figure was male from his broad build as the motorcycle fell out of the sky. He-Wait, we should all know where this is going, at least we all should. How about we take a look into someone else's life instead? Shall we?A man and a wife clad in tattered robes sat in their small kitchen, talking in hushed whispers. Normally at a time like this, they'd be celebrating - who wouldn't with an occasion like this one? - but the couple did not wish to wake or disturb their children. Merlin only knows how long it would take them to fall asleep again, especially with a rowdy lot like theirs.The man smiled at his wife. He never really was one to let anything put a damper on his mood so smiling came almost naturally. "There's nothing to worry about anymore. He's gone, sweetheart. He's finally gone.""I know, but-" A cry of a child interrupted their conversation. It was Ron, their nine month old son. It didn't surprise either of them that he was awake and crying at this time - he always was. As two heads snapped up, their conversation was momentarily forgotten."Bill, Charlie," the mother called, knowing both were up. "I know you're both up. One of you go take care of your brother!" The sound of running feet were heard before it was silenced along with the youngest child's cries.The couple turned back to each other. They decided to drop their previous conversation, it'd take Bill and Charlie ages to go back to sleep. They didn't want them wandering in while they were talking. Molly changed the subject. "Are you going to take it or not, Arthur?"He sighed, running his hand through his red hair. "I don't know, Molly. I think not.""Arthur, this could be your chance." Molly was almost as confused and irritated as he was."We've been over this before. It's not what I want.""Then what do you want?" she questioned him.Before Arthur could answer, the sound of more footsteps were heard. Bill Weasley, the oldest Weasley child, peeked his head into the kitchen. "Are you guys okay? I heard yelling?"Neither parent was aware that they were yelling. They could of sworn they were being much quieter. "Yes, yes we're fine. Just talking is all," Molly reassured her eldest son. He nodded sleepily. "Go back to bed, sweetheart." Bill disappeared and footsteps were heard once more before it was completely silent."Can't we just forget about it for now? We should be celebrating, He Who Must Not Be Named is gone!"His answer did absolutely nothing to quell her worries. "But his followers aren't Arthur. You know it's dangerous to stay in your department and you know just why."Arthur let out a snort of laughter. "I bet his 'loyal' followers won't be so loyal now that he's gone," he placed a reassuring hand on his spouse's shoulder."But what about the Malfoy's?" Molly hissed, worriedly. They were who she was most worried about.Arthur tensed at the mention of the Malfoy's name. He didn't believe for even a second that they were placed under the Imperius Curse; neither one of them, but the ministry did. "Like every other follower of He Who Must Not Be Named, they have no power now."That is chapter one, people
