War changes a person; there is no doubt about that. War makes orphans, it makes widows and widowers, and war even wipes out entire families. Despite this factwhen he and his brother had turned seventeen they knew that no matter how terrifying the prospect of fighting in this war was the alternative of living in a worldruled by Voldemort was even more terrifying. That's why they did it. That's why they joined the Order of the Phoenix and that's why they had agreed to lay theirlives on the line. It had been a long three years, living in terror or fear that everyday might be the day that you or your family or your friends would findthemselves face to face with death eaters or Lord Voldemort himself. He had lost many good friends leading up to that final battle of Hogwarts, and each deathweighed heavily on his mind but until that last battle he had not truly known the pain associated with war. He'd only seen it happen to others, friends andacquaintances, but his family had been lucky to not lose any of its own; that is until Fred died. It was the last battle and they had both made it this far, how couldhe have lost Fred mere hours before peace, mere hours before the end of the war? Ah, but that is the cruelty of war. People are lost until the very end and Fredwas just another casualty of war, taken as a last reminder of the devastation that one man and his followers can cause. Now he was here, three years later and hestill doesn't understand why. He left that castle as a broken man, never whole again after the loss of his twin brother. In the years following Fred's death, Georgehas tried to find solace in the memories of Fred. He tries to see the happiness in the creation and empire they built together in the form of a joke shop, he tries toremember that Fred would want him to be happy, and he tries to hold on to the time when his family didn't walk on eggshells when talking to him. He was ok,really he was. He wasn't perfect and he wouldn't ever be again but he was doing fine and that's all anybody could really expect from him. He really missed Fredthough and that's why he was here now. It was nighttime so nobody's eyes were there to pry, which was important because if somebody were to catch him, itwould be awful. He would have no way to explain, so he works quickly as to not be caught. Quickly he conjured a patronus that had the job of sending a messageto his parents, brothers, and sister. "I love you all, please do understand. I will be with you forever but I just can't wait around any longer, the pain is growing day by day and I've gone to make it go away. Love always, George." He sent the patronus on its way and took a deep breath closing his eyes. After a moment heopened his eyes again, looking behind him, and with a last smile he walked forward into the veil where his pain would be lifted and he'd finally walk alongside hisbrother again, after three long years.AN: Please review, it really helps me improve my writing as well as gives me motivation to continue writing! Thank you so much for reading! 
