The smoke of the trains circled around King's Cross Station. I couldn't help but love the smell, it reminded me of home. No, I'm not some homeless woman who sleeps on the benches at train stations! It reminded me of going home. The crowds, the trains, I loved it all! Being stuck in a cramped, stuffy half-way house was awful compared to where I was headed to!I pushed my trolley, crammed with my large leather trunk, plenty of books and travel cage, which inside slept my beautiful Tortoiseshell Cat Eevee. I looked up at the gorgeous train in astonishment, the same as I have done for the past five years!"Watch out!" someone yelled at me.I quickly moved out of the way of the barrier as a familiar face ran through to platform 9 Stood in front of me was my best friend Keeva. Her long blue hair reached half way down her back and was left in loose waves, the colour of her hair standing out against her lightly tanned skin. Her hazel eyes gleamed when she realised it was me that she nearly hit."Always in the way Freesia!" Keeva smirked."Shut it" I laughed."Nice to hear from you by the way!" Keeva remarked sarcastically as we slid into our chosen compartment."It's not my fault" I laughed, relaxing into my seat "Renting an owl costs a fortune and you won't buy a mobile!""I offered to send some galleons over with Loki" she replied."You know I wouldn't accept that" I shook my head."Besides, could you imagine my Mum's face if she saw me with modern muggle technology" Keeva snorted.I nodded in agreement.I met Keeva on the way to King's Cross in our first year. She walked over to the barrier between Platforms 9 and 10 with her parents proud as anything. It made me wonder what my parents would have felt like if they saw their daughter go off to Hogwarts for the first time. I would never knowMy parents abandoned me weeks after I was born. I was taken to an orphanage in Dublin. Three care homes later and Dumbledore found me. I was eleven, a misfit, alone. He explained to me that I was a witch. I had magic blood from my mother and fathers side and they were both pretty gifted. He simply handed me a special letter, smiled at me and left.I went over to Keeva's family and they told me how to get into the platform. From there until we arrived at the wonder that it Hogwarts, we were inseparable. That was before the Sorting Hat got involved."We'll have this one" the two of us jumped as a familiar sneering voice.Looking in the door was the Slimeball commonly known as Draco Malfoy. His aura of smug gittiness decontaminated the air, instantly making me fell queasy. His platinum blonde hair was no longer slicked back and I hated to admit it, it looked much better! He would have looked almost handsome if it wasn't for that infuriating smirk on his face. Stood behind him were his two oafish lackeys, Crabbe and Goyle."Do you smell that boys?" Malfoy sniffs the air "Smells like the sickening smell of a Gryffindor!"The two boys giggled in an idiotic manner in response."Piss off Malfoy" I rolled my eyes before turning back to Keeva. She eyed me with a worried look. She hated when me and Malfoy yelled at each other which just happened to be every time we saw each other!He took a seat next to Keeva, winking at her as she did. She ignored the gesture and started to draw in her notepad."That's not being very friendly Walters" He sneered "I thought Gryffindors were meant to be nice""Not when it comes to utter dickheads" I stood up and headed towards the door."Where are you going?" Keeva looked directly at me."To change into my robes" I sighed."Don't rush back" Dickhead laughed, placing his arm around Keeva.
