Chapter 1Summer romanceKate followed Charlie Weasley off the Hogwarts Express on platform 9 3/4 in search of their parents. They'd already lost sight of Tonks and Finn Darlington who had dashed off together in search of Andromeda and Ted Tonks and Finn's father. Charlie took her hand and led her off to find a trolley for their belongings. Kate's cat, Cobweb, mewed in her carrier in complaint as she was jostled by people leaving the platform. Once a trolley was located, Charlie piled on their trunks and rucksacks and placed his owl, Tiberius', cage on top and pushed the trolley out to meet his parents and Kate's mum, Ms Carroway.When they reached them, Charlie unloaded his trunk, rucksack and Tiberius and put them on another which his father took hold of and Ginny and Ron hoped on too. Kate's mother took her daughter's belongings and walked off the platform. Charlie kept hold of Kate's hand as they left too.Once outside and in the secluded alley beside Kings Cross station. mr Weasley magicked the Weasley children's belongings back to the burrow and then took hold of the twins and apparated away. Percy took hold of Bill as did Ron and they apparated too. Leaving Charlie, Ginny and Mrs Weasley with Kate and Ms Carroway."See you this summer, Kate." Charlie said kissing her cheek."See you, Weasley." Kate blushed with a sweet smile. Before Charlie waved at her mother And apparated with Molly Weasley and Ginny. Kate's mother magicked her things home and took hold of her daughter's hand."Ready to go home, sweetheart?" Lynette Carroway, a muggle born witch, asked her beautiful daughter."Yeah, home." Kate smile and felt the familiar sucking sensation as her mother apparated them to the village of Ottery St Carchpole, in the valley just below the Weasley's burrow.Kate and her mum lived alone in a timber framed Tudor cottage and from Kate's leaded glass window, she could see the burrow up high on its hill. The pair walked into their home and Kate sighed before letting Cobweb out of her carrier. The cat jumped into her arms and Kate cuddled her close and yawned."Go have a sleep, sweetheart. I'll call you for dinner." Her mother smiled as she sent her daughter's belongings upstairs ahead of her."Thanks mum." Kate smiled and carried Cobweb up to her room. An owl was sat on her window ledge a letter in its beak. It was Tiberius, Charlie's barn owl. Kate smiled and put Cobweb on the bed before opening her window to Tiberius who glided in and sat on her empty desk."Hello, Tibbs. For me?" She asked as he let go of the letter into her hand and she gave him an owl treat from her pocket in return.Charlie's handwriting was scrawled across the envelope."Kate" it said and Kate ripped it open and sat on her bed to read it. "Hello. I only saw you five minutes ago and I miss you already. Mum has asked (actually I convinced her) you to come and stay with us for the rest of the hols whilst your mum is away in Europe with Moody's platoon on that business of theirs. I do hope you'll accept as I don't know what I'll do without you and your beautiful face. I love you.Charlie. XP.s. hope Cobweb is feeling better soon."Kate smiled to herself and penned a reply on some parchment and a quill she found in a desk drawer. "Charlie, fabulous idea, but I will ask mum in a little while, she may ask me to stay here in the house. If so, you could come and stay. Think about it... A house to ourselves... I love you. Keep owling. Yours, Kate. X"She sent it off with Tiberius and settled down on her bed for a nap, cobweb culled up on her pillow beside her and dreamed of Charlie Weasley, her red headed prince.Some time later, Kate awoke and Tiberius was pecking at the window again, she let him in and took the letter off him before he flew back to the burrow as Kate headed downstairs with Cobweb at her heels, purring loudly. She opened the letter, and blushed."Kate. A brilliant plan I must say. Ask her and see what she thinks, mum says she won't mind if that's the case. I didn't tell her the bit about it just being us... Alone. Perhaps you should behave yourself you saucy minx before I have to march down there and do something about it. Charlie. X" Kate giggled to herself and shook her head lightly to clear it. Her mum was dishing up dinner as she entered."Mum, Molly Weasley has invited me to stay with them whilst you are away with Mad Eye this summer. Would it be alright if I go or do you need me here?" Kate asked over the paella they shared in the garden, cobweb at Kate's feet."That's a sweet offer of her. No I don't need you here. I leave tomorrow for Mad Eye's, I could drop you at The Burrow on route?" Lynette agreed."It's alright I'll make my way there on foot. If you need me that's where I'll be until the start if term then. I'm sure Molly and Arthur won't mind me going with them to Diagon Alley and Kings Cross.""Write and thank them for me." Lynette urged as her daughter left the table to owl her best friend. Lynette was sure that her relationship with Charlie Weasley was more than just friends but question it, if her daughter wanted to tell her she would in her own time.Once back in her bedroom, Tiberius was waiting for her reply to Charlie."C, mum agrees I can stay with you. She leaves tomorrow morning for Mad Eye's so I can be with you by early afternoon after I've tidied up here. I love you and I'll see you tomorrow, Weasley. K x"Once Tiberius had left, Kate changed for bed, blew a kiss towards the burrow and then snuggled down to sleep, Cobweb at her feet. She had a busy day tomorrow.
