Hello people. This is the first page of this story. (DUH) I intend to make this a long story. I hate one paged stories. This is a Dramione fanfic. Please review.Well enjoy! Hermione's POVI happily boarded the Hogwarts Express. I was so exited to be going back to Hogwarts. I found an empty compartment and sat down, pulling out a book. I was in my fifth year at Hogwarts. I wasn't with Harry or Ron because they were probably hanging out with their Slytherin friends. Almost everyone had gotten over the prejudice when Harry defeated Voldemort last year in the graveyard. Malfoy had helped Harry out after he killed Voldemort. Harry and Ron got to know Draco more and more. They started hanging out with him very often. I refused to even be in the same room as that pureblood pig. Harry and Ron may like him. But I will never trust him. He still called some people mudbloods. But Harry and Ron just saw it as a joke. I hung out with Astoria Greengrass a lot. She was my replacement Harry and Ron. She was the only Slytherin that I even remotely liked. She told me that the only reason the hat put her in Slytherin was because Astoria asked it to. She wanted to carry on the family tradition. I sighed and stretched out on the seat. I was just about to start reading, when there was a knock at the door. I pulled it open thinking it was Astoria."Hello Granger can I sit down everywhere else is full." Said a vaguely familiar voice. I looked up into the smirking face off Draco Malfoy. I groaned."Malfoy, why don't you go sit with Harry and Ron?" I asked grinding my teeth."Well Harry is with his girlfriend Daphne Greengrass. Ron is with his girlfriend Pansy Parkinson. I can't stand either of them." Malfoy said."Well can't you sit with Zabini." I pleaded."Nope." He said. He plopped down on the seat across from me. "So Granger why do you hate me?" He asked."Oh I don't know maybe cuz your a mean pureblood pig that call people the M-word." I quipped."Granger just give me a chance" Malfoy pleaded.I sighed. I knew I was going to regret this. "Fine."So for the rest of the ride to Hogwarts I talked to Draco Malfoy.So? Is it good? Should I make the pages longer? Please review.
