Eleven year olds, Kris and Kat dance around their room to Matchbox Twenty. Kris is a the wild twin. Her hair is cut short and dyed several different colors. Lately, she's been going with fiery colours. Her torn up jeans and ancient Harry Potter t-shirt hang loosely from her frame. She mouthed the words to the music fiercely and she air guitared for her sister Kat.Kat was a bit different. Her hair was kept naturally brown, and tied up in a simple pony tail. She wore paint covered overalls. And smiled as she danced with her wild child sister."Do you think we'll get our letters soon?" asked Kat, thinking of their one and only obsession: Harry Potter.Kris grinned. "We're muggleborns Kat," she grinned. "They're going to send a person, remember!"They grinned, and turned off the music. They nodded. "Try it now?" asked Kris."Absolutely," grinned Kat.They turned and focused on their bookshelf, trying their hardest to make the books float. It worked. A little too well. Books flew a little too fast around the room. Kat screamed and ducked as one book got just a little too close."Stop!" screamed Kris, holding her hands protectively over her head. Books thudded to the floor. The two girls looked at each other, then burst out laughing."Dinner!" called down their mother."Race you," grinned Kris, running for the door."Not everything is a race, Kris!" snapped Kat as she ran after her sibling.They dashed through the house into the kitchen and came sliding into the living room. That's when they notice someone else in the room. A tall blonde professor looking man, smiled at them. Their mother moved into the room, with dinner."This is Professor Longbottom, girls," she said. "He'll be joining us for dinner."Kris looked at her sister. "Longbottom?" she mouthed. "You don't think?"Kat nodded happily. "I most certainly do," she mouthed back.The Professor smiled at them. Kris and Kat could tell he'd saw them mouthing to each other. "I take it, you've read the Harry Potter books then?" he asked.The girls saw their mother smiling at them happily next to their father as they nodded enthusiastically. "You wouldn't by any chance be Neville Longbottom?" asked Kat."Herbology Professor at Hogwarts, not to mention one of the heroes of the Battle of Hogwarts?" added Kris.The man grinned. "That I am, am I to assume you two are massive fans?" he replied, pulling out two thick envelopes and tossed them to the girls. "I won't have to explain too much, will I?""Only to our parents," said Kat, elbowing Kris who was now ignoring everyone in the room, submerged in her letter.Kris shushed her sister, and kept reading. Kat rolled her eyes and looked at Professor Longbottom. "We can't wait to get started."
