This is just a prompt from tumblr, so it won't be continued. And if it ever is continued, it'll be in about six years. Don't own anything.Kings And QueensSummary: The King of the stage finally meets the queen. Drama Society AU.Pairing: J/LWord Count: 1,141Rating: K+"You can break my soul -"James is sitting two rows back, and leans back in his seat. This person is loud. "Take my life away -"Is everyone supposed to yell like that? Has be been doing it wrong?"Beat me, hurt me, kill me"Now it sounds like a rap."But for the love of God" There's a dramatic pause that stretches on for millennia. Maybe he's forgotten the line. Which doesn't make much sense, as he's got a script in his hand. Maybe it's an acting choice. It's not working."Do not touch her."He fumbles with the script for a second. James sits forward and watches him struggle for a minute, his elbows on his knees."Okay!" he says quickly, jumping to his feet and raking a hand through his hair. "I think we've seen enough, but thank you for coming in." The boy looks susprirsed, and a little put off by being interrupted. James quickly waves him on. "We'll be in touch," he assures him. At least one of them's a good actor; the kid seems to buy it.He ambles off the stage, and James turns to Sirius, who's leaning back with his feet propped up on the seat in front of him, his brow furrowed. He raises one eyebrow slowly.James shrugs as he sits back down, waiting for the next person to stand up. "Does that really have to stay in the script?""That's the best line," Sirius replies with an indignant snort. "That is my best work you're trying to omit there.""I'd hate to see your worst," James grumbles."Watch it," Sirius says warningly, tilting his chin up. "What's wrong with it?""Doesn't really fit the mood, does it?""It perfectly fits the mood.""It's meant to be a comedy," James reminds him. It's not the first time he's mentioned this. Sirius just waves a hand dismissively. "And I know melodramatic is really your thing, but it doesn't really fit."Sirius scowls. "Oi. Revisions aren't until seven o' clock, shut up.""I thought we were taking the night off. Order some pizza. Watch football. Drink beer."Sirius snorts again. "Maybe you are. My muse never takes a break. That's why I'm the artist here."James huffs, rolling his eyes and throwing a perfunctory smile at the next auditionee. "Right. Revisions it is."The next person is a young girl who looks frozen solid on the stage. She starts to read, rigidly and barely louder than a whisper. Sirius leans over, tapping his toes against each other."By the way, I found us a stage manager.""Finally," James says in a stage whisper, grinning across at them. While James and Sirius are very good artistically, and make a great team, they are rubbish with stage management.They lack the discipline to be organized enough - their flat is testimony enough to that - and it's constantly left on the wayside. Which is fine for them, as they can see everything perfectly in their heads. But everyone else cannot, so their need for a stage manager is undeniable. And besides, it's easier, since they are likely to bend to any creative whim. They need someone who can keep track of everything."Yeah, she's pretty good. I told her to stop by if she had the time.""Do I know her?" James inquires, grinning through his teeth at the girl on the stage now."Well, she's the year below us. So she wouldn't be in any of our classes.""Well, then, how do you know her?" James says lightly.The other boy shrugs. "Dunno. Just from around."James raises one eyebrow. "Are you shagging her?""Absolutely not!" Sirius retorts haughtily. "She's all yours, mate.""You better not be talking about me," someone hisses. Suddenly there's a head in between James' and Sirius', attached to a mane of dark red hair.Sirius grins, sitting up. "Let's take a break!" he calls, turning in his seat. "Lily, this is James. James, Lily."James blinks as he takes in her face. His mind has been wiped blank except for one word: 'Wow.' She stares at him in surprise, until James notices that he spoke it aloud. Sirius is rolling his eyes.James' face goes bright red. "Sorry - I just - You're just Sorry, that sounds really creepy, I just""You must be the writer," she says with a grin, holding out her hand for him to shake. He does, admittedly a little dazed. Where does Sirius find these girls?"How are things going?" she asks cheerfully."Slim pickin's," Sirius tells her mournfully."Ah." She beams at the two of them. "Okay, so I'd love a copy of the script for myself, how soon can you have it?" Her eyes flicker to James. James is dumbstruck.Sirius shrugs. "I'm sure there's one lying around," he assures her."Okay. If you're getting together to work on it, I'd love to come along, get familiar with it."Sirius brightens up. "We're actually working on it tonight. I wanted to take a break, you know, eat some pizza, watch football," he says, grinning at Lily. "But James here wouldn't have it.""Really!" Lily turns to him with a bright grin. He nods, looking at Sirius just in time to see him wink. "That's what I like to hear. Okay then. Are you sure you don't mind me coming along?""Of course not!" James bursts out, too quickly. Then he goes red again. "I mean - that would be - we we'd love to have you. I mean, not have you, we'd love for you to come""Okay," she says slowly, laughing and waving her hand to tell him to stop. He feels slightlyless embarrassed. Slightly. She pats his arm consolingly, and it sends jolts of electricity coursing through his body.She blinks at him, her eyes suddenly wide. Her smile falters for a second, and then grows wider again."You're not allowed in our apartment unless you bring an offering," Sirius tells her quickly."Okay. An offering?""A chicken for our table," James mutters. Lily snorts into her shoulder. Maybe she likes him. He certainly likes her."No. We prefer alcoholic offerings." Sirius' voice is utterly serious.James nods in agreement."Okay. I can do that. Okay."James casts a sidelong glance at her, but it seems that his eyes get stuck. "You say okay a lot."She blinks across at him, and for half a second James is struck with the fear that she's affronted. But she just smiles, raising one eyebrow. "Yeah, I do. I might even say okay to a cup of coffee some time. You know, if you like coffee.""I do like coffee," James says, his voice hoarse. His head is nodding of its own accord."Well. Okay then," she says pointedly.He grins. "Okay."Thanks for reading!
