Harriet Jane Potter, the Girl Who Lived, felt anything but alive in this moment. Deep red hair spread over her books while she dozed off on the desk in Charms, listening to the sounds of classroom 2E. Fitwick's cries praise of students as they correctly preformed a charm and his excited giving of points were the most prominent of the sounds, second only to the spell the students around her practiced. They sounds of praise drew nearer to Harriet as Hermione perfected the spell."Miss Potter, perhaps you ought to try the silencing charm," The Charms master suggested hopefully.The girl in question looked at the frog, sighing out a slow Silencio, with a jab. As Harriet had expected the frog began to swell and she went back to resting on the table. Flitwick's gentle nature prevented him from scolding the girl, although he looked slightly put out by her lack of interest, settling for just healing the frog. The girl's behavior was nothing out of the ordinary for Harriet Potter."Just because you're tired does not mean you can disrespect teachers, Harriet," Hermione quietly reprimanded.Hair pulled aside to reveal rolling hazel eyes, "You try dealing with Snape every week, Hermione. It's bloody stressful, this remedial potions is." Harry declared before throwing her head back to the table.Ron chuckled sympathetically before distracting Hermione from his best mate with foolish wand waving.The disguised name for Occlumency infuriated Harriet more than anything else Snape did. The man had assaulted her mind countless times, keeping his own hidden away in a pensive while he looked through her private memories without a care throwing in snappy comments where he could. But to insult her potions abilities? Honestly. It was all a little too nasty, even if it was for her own safety. She couldn't even empty her mind, Merlin forgive. The animosity was mutual between teacher and student, as it always had been.With all the things happening Harriet found herself lost; her relationship with Joe Chang was going down the loo, the mystery of the Department of Mysteries, Dumbledore's absence... It all piled up with only her arrogance to push it away, which was waning as time passed. Harriet's arrogance was a gift of her father's, his personality and hazel eyes were passed down to his child. In every other aspect, she looked like her mother; dark red hair opposed to the Weasley's ginger, same face shape, an exact copy besides the eyes."I expect you're tired of hearing it, but you do look extraordinarily like Lily. Except for your eyes - you have your father's eyes," Dumbledore had said.That days classes ended as quickly as they had started, but Harriet was no closer to sleep. It was time for her private lessons with her cold tutor with no time to change out of uniform.After hopefully her last argument with Joe Chang, Harriet strutted down the corridors to the dungeons. The confidence of her walk not reaching her mind. She detested the cold of the Potions Master's office, the pickled creatures that lined the shadowy walls. A deep breath followed by her knock on the door was heard by the professor and she was reluctantly admitted to the room. Dumbledore's pensive was placed in a corner and Harriet watched mystified by the sliver string of memories Snape pulled from his mind, flicking them into the pensive."Are you ready to begin, Potter?" Snape pulled the last strands of memory and turned to face the girl.It was almost hard for him to look at the living proof of Lily's love for another. The girl was full of James yet she looked so much like her mother it was hard for Snape to believe. She was his own personal demon to haunt him, showing the genetics of his enemy and love together in what they had produced. When he looked at her, when her eyes were out of sight and the haughty air of arrogance left her posture, she could have been Lily. Sometimes when her eyes were out of sight, he could mistake her for his lost love but every time, their eyes would meet again in a painful had to be cleared from his mind immediately, he decided."Empty yourself of emotion, Potter, clear your mind," he began instructing not only his student but himself, "Legilimens!"An onslaught of emotion and memories, Potter arguing Chang, fear, sadness all entered Snape. He watched the memories flow as his victim weakly pushed him out."Get out of my head!" Harriet screamed once Snape had reached her first kiss with Joe at Christmas, "That's private!"She was thrust back into the room of shadows and potion ingredients with her professor standing over her."Control yourself, you fool. Privacy means nothing to the Dark Lord. I will leave your mind when you force me out of it. Clear the emotions, Legilimens!" Snape continued his probe of her mind.Harriet cried out hopelessly backing into a shelf knocking potions onto the floor. The sound of breaking glass brought Snape out of his attack After he had removed himself from her mind, she dropped to her knees to pick up the blood-red potion stained glass, nicking her finger on the first piece allowing the potion into her blood stream."Don't touch that and don't let anymore in," Snape resisted the argue to curse.He had recognized the potion immediately, the lust potion that his seventh years had spent the last term working on before completing it. It required time and complex instructions, paired with more rare ingredients than were necessary for students to work with. Needless to say, it wasn't an ideal potion for students to take out of the classroom. Curse this blasted education system. He needed to find the antidote.Snape's snapping led his student to panic and the frantic manner that he search through potions was terrifying. She quickly began trying to rub the potion out of her cut, which in hindsight only made matters worse. A haze slowly took hold of her, the panic drifting. The dark shadows turning mysterious and the fire place, seductive as the light it cast danced on Snape's robes. With the drunken haze, her confidence grew and she rose on shaky legs."Professor," she approached the man, sucking on her finger.He noticed the coo in her voice and his palm connected with his face. Turning his attention away from the potions he looked at the girl to confirm his suspicions. She was high and free with lust, her eyes blazing as they made contact with his."Can you heal this, sir?" Harriet cooed, after capturing his attention and removing her finger from her mouth in a seductive manner.Merlin, he thought before turning back to his potions deciding it was the best course of action.The rejection went unnoticed and Harriet moved in for the kill. She stood on her toes behind the man reaching her mouth close to his ear, red hair spilling over his shoulder. This is what made him falter- it was Lily's hair fanned over his shoulder."I know you want this, sir," Harriet ghosted her lips over his ear, "I've seen you look at me when I lose focus in class. Every time I drift off, I return only to meet your gaze."His breathing hitched as she ran her tongue behind his ear, encourage she sucked down his neck. All he could see was hair and he lost himself. He abruptly turned to face her, knocking her from his neck and meeting her lips before he could look in her eyes, revealing that she is not the woman he wishes was with him. He ran his tongue over her mouth, tracing the outline that he had memorized so well. She moaned into him and his possessive hold on her lower back, steadily making it's way down to her arse.Her heart stuttering, she raked her fingers through his hair as he made his way kissing across her jaw to her neck and returning to her lips. Once both hands had made it to her arse, she felt herself being lifted. His hands leading her legs around his waist. She gasped into the new contact, allowing him into her mouth to massage her tongue. Using her legs as leverage, she rocked her hips into his hardening cock desperate for friction on her aching core.Snape placed a hand between them, running it under her shirt to grasp her boob over the bra before slipping cold fingers under the the garment to ghost his finger over her nipple. She moaned into his mouth, pulling on hair and sucking on his tongue, massaging it with her own, teeth clicking at the sloppy kisses. He opened his eyes to look at her, watch the pleasure coming over Lily's features on Harriet's face. It urged on his caresses as he made his way to place the girl down on his desk over papers and essays, laying her against them."Fuck me," she pleaded as he moved to play with her other nipple, "Baby, please.""I'll do anything for you," Snape moaned.He hiked her skirt up and touched her through her panties, sucking at the now exposed hip bones with her skirt at her waist as she let out a groan. He moved tortuously slow under her panties, rubbing her juices over her clit befire ridding them if the lacey material completely, exposing fleshy pink skin.Her back arched as he slowly entered her for the first time before pulling out and ramming back into the girl, letting out a guttural growl. She arched into his every thrust, letting out a small string of curses until she saw stars."Fuck, Lily, oh," Snape muttered into her shoulder.Oblivious to the name swap, Harriet moaned in response unable to find words to express her feelings. It didn't take much to throw the pair over the edge. Harriet came, her cunt spasming around Snape, crying out his name. Snape lasted two more thrusts before he spilled his seed inside her.His cries for his lost love were louder than before, leaving a bewildered girl beneath him, panting in post orgasm as she slowly came to the realization of what she had just done.He removed himself from her and slumped into the seat behind his desk, his eyes meeting wide hazel as Harriet proped herself up on her elbows."Sir, I- fuck!" Harriet hastily backed off the desk to the floor frantically.She struggled to find her footing on shakey legs from the rough fuck, backing up until she hit more shelves."Oh my god," was all that could be heard as Snape stuggled to find words to say.AN: as usual ffn fucked up and cut my document, but this ending is in a good place I think. This my first every sexy time fic and it was exactly the right level of fucked up for my tastes. Thanks and good night
