I do not own in any way, shape, or form own Harry Potter. Nor do I own anything Ashleann rambles on about regarding books, anime, obscure quotes, and games. Brownie points to the first person who points out where things originally came from"The whole cannot be changed,We already lost that chance.Because the time left for us is short,We were mistaken in our path.But now do we realize,We should change not the wholeBut the part."~ Epitaph of Twilight "Fragment 2"The Great Hall was dressed up in Slytherin colors to celebrate the latest edition to their winning streak. The Slytherin serpent in the banner behind the High Table curled itself up and watched the entrance as if enthralled.Dumbledore was just about to start his end of the school year speech when the flags and banners around the room started to crumble into dust. Concerned whispers grew in volume when the serpent burst into a pure white flame. The creature did not make a sound in distress but looking closer as the dust and ash moved behind the teachers, it seemed content. Four tapestries formed over each House table though with great differences in each.In the center of Hufflepuffs was an shadowy female figure speaking to two half-human, half-beast creatures. Specifically a man with the lower half of his body a snake and a child who was human in appearance except for the bushy wolf tail, ears atop her head and finally claws and fangs. Surrounding them were various beings infusing magic into technology.Ravenclaw's had twin children, a brother and sister perhaps, that despite appearing human gave off an unnatural vibe. Old books containing alchemy and other ancient knowledge were scattered around them with the same female figure in the middle.She was giving an impassioned speech to not only wizards but vampires, werewolves, centaurs, giants, and quite a few other races. Several of the non-wizard races were not seen for many years. The listener's appeared fascinated with her words and there was no doubt that should she ask, they would brave any hardship. It was well suited to represent Gryffinndor.Slytherin's was no less unworthy. Imagery involving what the modern wizarding world would consider dark magic were shown being used if not for the greater good then keeping the balance of nature intact. Putting the uneasy dead back to rest were seen next to asking a risen soul for assistance in finding their murderer. Like the others the mysterious female was in the center, what was presumably blood dripped from her arm, which she then used in strengthening a seal.However, the tapestry behind the High Table took the cake. On either side of the back wall were pathways that splintered off into different directions. The left was bright and cheerful, bringing to mind a fine spring day. Dark and gloomy, the right path reminded one of the passing of time. Where they eventually came to meet was outside a temple.Standing tall far above even the large temple was a single tree. So pure a white was it's wood that it's crystal clear leaves helped it glow with a inner light. It's fruit seemed poisonous due to it's dark gray shade but for some reason that did not seem logical given what the tree actually was. Black sap, as thick as blood oozed slightly from a branch that willingly fell from it's trunk.The shadowy mass slowly became physical, more real in a sense, when she picked up the branch, along with a nearby dark blue feather and a single hair possibly from a horse. She was around eleven or twelve yet the brief haunted look in her mismatched eyes of dark green and hazel spoke of more horrors, both witnessed to and done, that no child should ever have experienced. Her long, wild hair was somewhere between blond and dark red in color with the bangs were shaped to resemble fangs.The outfit she wore was an interesting hybrid of muggle and robes. The silver top was sleeveless but she added thick tie-on sleeves that ended well below her hands. The tie was gold which complimented the black sleeves. Her pants were short, just below knee length, and made from the same inky black material as the sleeves. Several pockets were outlined by the gold thread. A long heavy coat fashioned from the same dark fabric but modified with both comfort and productivity in mind was of particular interest. Gashes along the legs and back of the jacket allowed more freedom of movement which was essential the observers noted, given the sight of her small armory built into the crimson liner. A black mist or fog seemed to move around the very bottom of her trench coat, only to reveal it had become the black mist upon closer inspection.Screams from the Hufflepuff table dragged everyone's attention to the forming of a shadow figure near the Great Hall doors. The very shadows themselves left their area to better form the outline of a man."Lady Aisleann Emrys does have quite a presence. Surely you all agree", the young man said, with an certainty that many there found unnerving. Fully aware of having everyone's complete attention, he spoke on length about why he was here."I am here on both a greeting and warning from the child of nexus, though she knows it not. I personally have no love for the vastly weakened witches and wizards of this so called modern world, but in her heavenly name I shall do what I must." He stood up straight and glanced around the room, stopping on certain people as if judging their worth."Ashleann Emrys shall arrive upon this long corrupted world upon the wings of loss so great it would shatter the very existence of lesser beings. She is very knowledgeable on many things here and yet she truly believes your world is merely a faulty reflection of her own. As if she can only see this world naturally through written word or still water," he began. He spoke of her with such respect that it bordered on worship. "Unfortunately, her actions will greatly change this world. My brethren have taken great care to seal many of the changes away since she has not 'altered' reality, though I naturally fear of when memories return and magic reverts back to it's true essence, would they be corrupted. Alas, despite my many years, I have no answer to that most pressing of questions."Albus Dumbledore had gotten on his feet to better observe the curious child on the tapestry. "Thank you for the warning. Naturally, she is welcome to attend Hogwarts." Dumbledore said, turning to face the shadow who nodded in acceptance. "I am curious however, on whether Ms. Emyrs will even appear."Dark laughter came from the shadow, sending the hair on the back of everyone's neck to stand up. "It has already happened twice this century alone.". The spirit suddenly grew serious. "Find her beneath the heart of Nexue."Mere moments after his speech, the figure was reduced to dust. A few students would later mention they heard him say, "At last... I can rest." as his final words on the mortal plane.Within hours the news spread, accelerated by the similar conversations reported from around the wizarding world. In the following days, most non-wizard races announced they were spoken to as well, both stunning the wizards and in a way validating the words.Nexus, always a busy city due to the pathways leading to each country and yet made special realms of sorts for those lost, had reached an amount of visitors and new citizens that had not been seen in centuries.Some might even suggest the city was happy at the changes, though they would be denied more alcohol.The temple, or rather palace considering the size and overall purpose, was nestled between the largest above ground roots of the sacred veilwode. The building, much like the city that was later formed, was in a way sentient but few knew of that fact. The actual shrine was placed within the root walkways by what the locals believe was the tree itself. Within a large brightly lit cave-like hollow near it's center was a crystal, ever spinning.Exactly a week had passed when the crystal would finally stop, it's purpose complete for now. The single event of the clueless, confused girl looking around her new surroundings would be considered in the years to come a change that no one expected.Tension between races would reach an all time high.Unknown reasons of certain people would be revealed. Few for the better.Known magic would fail occasionally due to the rejuvenation of the old lore.Most importantly, the linear path she so desperately clings to would soon be altered forever by several unforeseen events."I knew I shouldn't have drunk that potion." was the first, for her, words spoken within her new 'home'.And that's the prologue which started the beginning of summer just before Harry's first year at Hogwarts. I'll slowly describe her world compared to his own and even ours as the story goes on in an attempt to avoid information dumping. Ashleann knows of Harry's world only by how much all the books revealed, so certain places and things are well known to her. The Chamber of Secrets would be a good example and hideaway thanks to her long companionship with AmritIn celebration of Unbirthday's everywhere (My apologies and utmost sympathy if today is indeed your birthday), I have decided to put up a little short. Hopefully you will be able to see some of Ashleann's personality in this flashback of better days. In hindsight, I have just realized the following could be considered an information dump. Well, I already wrote it so...The sky was painted scarlet as the sun swiftly set upon the desert city of Yuusei and while more beings with a nocturnal habit or culture were becoming more active, there wasn't many criminal situations involved in the sleepy city. The trade cities of Asura to the northwest and Niter to the south were the much better choices of an aspiring underworld operation. Indeed, the Jivae desert is a hot spot for illegal goods.That is why Ashleann found it so odd when she witnessed a major transaction on the way to her hotel room. Griselda Heinz, a wizened researcher on canine beast-kin lore, had called for her insight on a few things that were untranslatable. The old rat was rather aggravated, so Ashleann decided not to laugh at her rapidly twitching nose or swishing tail.The term was one Ashleann had only came across within the last two hundred years, give or take the occasional naps against her favorite tree. It was the simplified form for something more important, though she'd be the first to admit she had few interactions with that branch of the beasts in many years. Something she'd have to rectify soon enough.Luckily, Griselda wasn't displeased by the lack of new information. Rather she was hopeful that, her dear friend could get in contact with some of the more sociable of the tribes. In the face of her excitement, all Ashleann could do was agree."Quite unusual coloring, even for his kind," said a short mage, mana checking for more permanent damage. "Your men didn't cause any of these wounds?"The dark skinned man next to the writhing being snorted. "Even his own tribe didn't want him, judging from the days old gashes we found on him.""How unusual. Those snakes always were protective of their hatchlings before. It would be suicide not to given the length of their natural lifespan and rarity of births.""I don't particularly care. You only asked for news on interesting items abandoned in the desert to reach you, Lord Dresler." The leader smiled, a sickly sight accompanied by the scent of rotting flesh.The man was nearing death and not from the vast amounts of berzark blood he's been drinking to stop the pain. A potion to ignore pain completely and continue on for days at a time while admirable, was never meant to be taken for long at any one time. Judging from the infected cuts and scrapes that still look fresh next to already healed skin, his body is starting to reject the potion.End result scenario ran through her mind, each more interesting than the next. There were no long-term tests conducted on the effects of her friend's creation. It would be marvellous to see what happens. Desler didn't have many friends lately if what rumors suggest are true. There's sure to be one person who'd love for him to suffer for what his bloodstained fortune bought.With that in mind, Ashleann stepped into the conversation, seemingly from nowhere to the onlookers senses. "Might I suggest backing the hell away from the hatchling before you all do something I won't regret?" This was said with the gentlest of voices though the wide grin did take some of the niceness factor away.One of Desler's lackeys, judging from the house crest, tried to intervene. "Hey, you can't come here and-"Ashleann moved to the side just enough for the rather bulky man to miss grabbing her, leaving an opening that would have been rude not to accept the heartfelt gift. It is only fitting after all.The wind started to blow, just a small breeze. Listen closer though and you can hear whispers. She tilted her head as if to better hear the sound then touched his chest, fingers digging into his bare skin."The only mercy I can give you is that you will not suffer."A blue flame consumed him with such speed and intensity that he did not suffer much, if at all. The girl shook off the small flames licking her hands in an unconcerned manner then pulled out a dagger from one of her jacket pockets."Should I cripple the mind or devour his essence. Decisions, Decisions."Desler, unused to being the one threatened ruined her game by stomping the ground, forcing a row of earth spikes to rush in the young woman's direction. Ashleann wrapped herself in a fadecloak, enabling her to wander unfelt by any senses and with a more conscious effort, even nullifying the physical world's effect was easy.This time however, she let herself be noticed completely. Ashleann walked through the incoming spikes, and eyed the three feet long light gray and dark purple scaled snake. With a wave of her hand, he was encircled by a moving dark mass, both protecting and shielding him from what was to come.When morning came and the shops opened up for the new day of commerce, an unsettling image was displayed for all to see in the center of the main marketplace.Lord Esric Desler was still alive in spite of the hundred thin thorns made from earth that held him fifty feet above ground. One for each of his years and twice the amount for the suffering he gave others, the townspeople would soon say but for that moment they were speechless. The other man was little more than fertilizer thanks to the growing tree within his chest cavity.The woman was escatic at gaining the affection and understanding of the newly named serpent. "What do you say on visiting a friend, my dear Amrit? Aleru needs to know what happened to the addict."If anyone was listening in on their conversation, they would have only heard hissing much to their confusion.
