Sadly, I do not own Harry Potter. J.K. Rowling does.This takes place after the Second War. Harry is a girl (Harriet). Some things might not be exact (i.e. when things happen, teachers, ages, etc...)Gonna get on with the story now :)Prologue:The seventh year Potions class walked in to the familiar cold room in the dungeons. It looked practically the same as it did before, but it didn't hold the subtle touches it used to from the greasy bat of the dungeons, Severus Snape.The class consisted of the actual seventh years and the ones who had missed last year. NEWTs didn't matter, because everyone in the room had been skilled enough to survive Voldemort's wrath. The class was about average size, considering some students died in the past war, and some decided to not return to school.The new teacher was an old friend of McGonagall, who was apparently skilled in Potions. His name was Mr. Lemmer, and he had salt and pepper hair, and was a little over six feet tall."Hello, class," he greeted, "Good afternoon."All the students greeted back, and sat down at their tables.Harriet sat next to Hermione and Ron. She and Hermione worked the most though, because Ron wasn't very good at potion-making, and was staring at Hermione most of the time.Everything was going smoothly until it was nearing the end of class. Mr. Lemmer was in his storeroom, when Neville's cauldron turned a dark purple to a vivid orange. It started bubbling, but once the students realized it, it was too late. Harriet tried to help, so she pushed everyone out of the class. She was almost out the door when it exploded. She felt a tingling and burning sensation. The world started spinning, then everything went black.Harriet woke up in the all-to-familiar hospital wing. Her head hurt... a lot."Oh good, your awake," she heard Madam Pomfrey say.She looked up at the medi-witch, and realized something was wrong. The confusion must have shown on her face, because Poppy asked what was wrong."You-You're so young!" she managed."Well, thank you, but why do you say that?"Just then, Dumbledore came in."Professor Dumbledore! What- when- how are you alive?" Harry asked, bewildered. It couldn't be Dumbledore."I was never dead, Ms...""Harriet Potter! Don't you remember me?""I am sorry, but the Potter's only have one child, and his name is James," he said.A child named James? Harriet had a feeling Dumbledore was right that he never died..."What year is it?" she asked, fearing her assumption might be true."30 August, 1977," Poppy answered.'Oh dear...' Harriet thought. This couldn't be good. Then she realized something..."Oh Merlin! I'm so young!" she cried. Instead of the body of a eighteen year old, there was the body of an eleven year old."Madam Pomfrey, could you give me and Ms. Potter some time alone," Dumbledore said.Madam Pomfrey immediately left, looking confused and worried."How did you get here? You were found in the dungeons, and no one but teachers are supposed to be in the school," he said."Well, sir, I'm not sure. There was this potions accident, and now I find myself here, and years younger. You see, sir, I was born on 31 July, 1981, and I'm supposed to be in 1999" she said."And who are your parents, if I may ask? I'm guessing your father is James Potter?""Yes sir, my father is James Potter and my mum is Lily Evans," she told him.At that, Dumbledore chuckled."James and Lily, I figured they would be together one day," he said, his blue eyes twinkling brightly."Sir, how to I get back to the future? And how to I get back to my normal age?""I'm not sure, to be honest, Ms. Potter. I have never heard of a potions accident like this before," he said, "I think it would be best if you pretend to be a first year, and I'll try and fix this situation.""Okay," Harriet said."However, you'll need a new last name. We can't introduce you as Harriet Potter," he said.Harry thought about this. It would be best if she chose a name she was used to, but wouldn't raise questions. Not Riddle, for obvious reasons, same with Evans. It would be nice to have Sirius' last name because he was almost like a father to her, but he was a student in this time. Hmmm, choosing a last name was hard. She would not, no matter what, have the last name Dursley. She hated them for making her do all of their chores. She even had to cook! Wait a minute... Cook! That was a pretty common name, so no one would suspect a thing."Harriet Cook," she said."Nice choice, Ms. Cook," Dumbledore said, smiling.Dumbledore had given her some money, which she thanked him greatly for. She bought her school supplies and got some clothes. She got a few advanced books as well, because she was still an eighteen year old, even though her body did not show it. It was funny, really, having to be a first year when she had done so much; saved the Philosoper's Stone, killed a basilisk, defended herself against a hundred dementors, won the Triwizard Tornement, got possesed by Voldemort, watched Sirius, Dumbledore, and countless others die, destroyed multiple horcruxes, became the Master of Death, died, and defeated Voldemort. Life was strange like that.Once she was finished with all her shopping it was almost dinner time. She went to her room at the Leaky Cauldron, and packed her things into her trunk. She wished she had her stuff from her other life back. She wanted her photo album and the Marauder's Map with her. They were some of her most prized possessions. She was just glad she had her invisibility cloak. In 1999, she had kept it with her all the time, just in case.After packing, she went downstairs and got some dinner, then went to bed. She needed rest if she wanted to survive tomorrow. Seeing her mum, dad, Sirius, Remus, Snape, and a few others alive might bring her to tears. The moment her head hit the pillow, she was asleep.
