Professor Snape wished corporeal punishment were still legal at Hogwarts. The two students in front of him really needed a good hit over the head right now. The students in question were sitting on the other side of his desk waiting for him to say something. They had come in five minutes earlier and informed him that the girl was pregnant and they wanted a potion to cause an abortion. The boy had asked a question and all Snape heard was, "If stupidity got us into this, why can't it get us out?""Under Muggle Law abortion is legal until 24 weeks," Snape said. "Under Wizarding Law it is NOT legal, abortion potions are illegal to make.""Then how are we going to get out of this mess?" The boy asked."You might have thought of that before," Snape told him quite put out. "That is why there are such things as charms to prevent pregnancy and potions to prevent pregnancy. If you had come to me I would have given you something, or Flitwick would have. Madam Pomfrey has put up notices in all the Common Rooms as well. Do you think those are there for suggestions? That there are no consequences for your actions? In every class you've ever taken we are continually telling you that there are consequences in life for every choice you make. You chose to be together and now you want to forego the consequences. I'm sorry, life is not like that. You have to be responsible for the things you do.""We didn't know about any of that." The girl said."There is no excuse when you failed to read something that important. It was there for your own good, so I, and other teachers don't have to sit here because of your own stupidity. You knew the consequences of your actions, though. Or will you sit there telling me you didn't know those actions could lead to a pregnancy?"Neither said a word."You have two choices, keep the child or have the child adopted. If you wish to go the adoption route speak to Professor McGonagall. She has adopted a child in the past and knows the process. Regardless of your choices your parents will be informed.""No, please!" The girl said alarmed. "You can't tell our parents! They'll just make us get married!""And you had no intention of getting married when you did this?""Not really," the boy said shrugging.Snape sighed. "In the future, I would remind you that it is no casual act and there are consequences for that act. If there were no consequences you would not be sitting here in front of me ready to make another serious mistake, choosing to end the life of a child because of your own stupidity. Hurting another life to make your life easier should never be an acceptable choice." He informed them. "You made this choice and now must accept the consequence of the actions." He asked them.They both nodded a little. He stood up turning his back on them looking out the high window to the sky."Professor?""Yes?""Perhaps we should speak to Professor McGonagall""That would be a wise choice." He said turning back to them."Thank you, Professor" the boy said.He nodded. "I hope you realize how much we care about you and what happens to you. We just want you to take responsibility for your lives." He told them a little softer in tone. He cared about them more than they could ever know.
