CHAPTER 1A/N: Okay this is going to be my version of Harry Potter because I am going toa story from first year until she is probably 25, so its not going to like the books. And I don't own any characters except with ones I created. All the credit goes to the lovely J.K. Roweling. Meeting Riddle12 Grimmauld PlaceAugust 1, 1991 I woke up because I heard a knock on the door. I heard uncle Sirius talking to someone. So I tried to spy on them."... I know I have to. We'll go today," I heard uncle Sirius say. I wonder what that's all about. If you didn't know my name is Elizabeth Elara Potter. I have to Live with my uncle Sirius because my parents died when I was a year old. I don't remember anything about that night. I just know I have a lightning scar on my forehead caused by the killing curse."Ok, I can take her today," said the stranger. I couldn't see his face."Elizabeth," my uncle yelled to call me. "Yes uncle," I stood up and went to stand next to him."This is Professor Riddle. He is here to take you Diagon Alley to get everything you need for Hogwarts," my uncle told me. "Okay, when do we leave," I asked this time and Riddle Answered, "Now."I really hadn't looked at Riddle. He had black hair and really blue eyes. He was good looking but I could tell he was and ass by just looking at him."Okay let me get dressed."Leaky CauldronAugust 1, 1991"Do you have the list of supplies that you need," He asked me once we reached the Leaky Cauldron. "Ya, I have it," I told him. "Good. I don't want to waste anymore of my precious time on you." What and ass. He should really calm him self. We walked into the Leaky Cauldron and everybody started to attack me with questions or just stare."Is it true that you defeated the Dark Lord and Grindlewald?""Did you slay any dragons Miss Potter?"Seriously what was up with the questions they were asking me. We approached a man with blonde hair. He was handsome but in my opinion, he did not compare to a certin professor. Did I seriously think that, I think I might be going crazy?"Elizabeth this is Aleksander Geller he is going to be one of your professors at Hogwarts," Riddle told me."Nice to meet you Miss Potter, This is Hermione Granger, I brought her here to buy her supplies." Professor Geller told me."Hi as you know, my name is Elizabeth Potter. So are you excited to go to Hogwarts." I asked her. "Yes I am. I am a muggleborn, you see, so this all new to me." She said in an exited tone. " We need to go to Gringotts, brat. Goodbye, Miss Granger, Professor Gellar."Gringotts Wizarding BankAugust 1, 1991"We are here for a blood test for Miss Potter," Riddle told one of the Goblins. "Yes, Of course, follow me." We followed him to a room where the conduct the test."Okay, Miss Potter would you please cut your hand and pour some blood in this bowl," said the Goblin. I think his name is Griphook.So I did what he asked me to and he told me to wait a few minutes till he came back with the result.As he said he came back with the results and another Goblin."Miss Potter this is Ragnok, he is in charge of the bank and high-end clients," Griphook said. "How do you do, Ragnok. Not to offend you but why are you here.""Well Miss Potter you are one of our most important clients," he told me. "Oh, I didn't know that. Can I see my blood test?" I asked. He gave the me the test and I was shocked.Heir to the House of PotterHeir to the House of RomanovHeir to the House of Perevell Heir to the House of GryfinndorHeir to the House of RavenclawHeir to the House of Ambrosius Blood Heir to the House of BlackMagical Heir to the House of Slytherin Magical Heir to the House of le Fey Blood Status- PurebloodSoul Bond Status- BondedSoul Bond- Tom Marvolo Riddle"Fuck"I passed out.Okay this is my first Harry Potter story. I know it might not be great but I hope you guys can enjoy it and send me feedback on what should I change or I can addOk Bye guys  Danykhaleesi 
