The SortingIn my short two year career as an Auror, I've seen some shit. Shit that keeps you up at night. Shit that should only exist in your nightmares. Shit that one simply cannot un-see. But I can say with absolute conviction that the most horrifying experience of my lifetime was during my first day at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.At the tender age of eleven, I could best be described as bookish and insecure (actually, I could still to this day be best described that way). I was too tall and too awkward (again, still accurate). The fact that I was at least two heads taller than the tallest kid in my year didn't exactly serve to assuage my nerves. It was awkward enough being widely known as "Harry Potter's Kid," let alone, "Harry Potter's Holy Shit That Kid is A Fucking Giant," which I figured would doubtlessly become my new moniker here. Even now, I could see kids craning their necks and standing on their seats to get a good look at the Chosen One's progeny.The idea of being sorted into any House aside from Gryffindor was unthinkable. Everyone in my family had been in Gryffindor, going back quite a few generations. James was in Gryffindor. All of my cousins were in Gryffindor. I was strange enough already, with my pedantic tendencies and lack of social ability, but if I was sorted into Slytherin...I couldn't even think about it without a staggering wave of nausea.I figured Ravenclaw or Hufflepuff wouldn't be so bad. Sure, I would still be a source of disappointment for my family, but it wouldn't be to such an intensity as if I were placed into Slytherin.Standing there in the Great Hall amongst my fellow first years, looking out into the sea of faces that was the student body of Hogwarts, the prospect of a spot in Gryffindor was seeming more and more unlikely to me, my anxiety intensifying with every passing moment. I certainly had nothing inside my mind that resembled bravery by any stretch of the imagination."Plotkin, Francine!"I was next, I just knew it. My heart felt like it was going to burst from my chest, in a spectacular display of blood and gore. I entertained the thought for a moment, the thought of my heart being violently ejected from my body and splattering all over the Head Table, expectorating Albus blood-juice all over the teachers and probably some of the students in the front row. I wondered if it would continue beating for a few moments, if they would watch, horrifed as it weakly throbbed a few last beats. Or if I would even remain alive long enough to witness this gruesome display, probably not-What the hell is the matter with you?! I jolted myself back into reality. This is why you have no friends. "HUFFLEPUFF!"The Hufflepuffs clapped and cheered as Francine Plotkin hurried to her seat."Potter, Albus!"The Great Hall was immediately inundated in whispered conversation, some with a bit less consideration for volume."That's him! That's Harry Potter's kid!""It's James' brother!""Holy shit, who knew he was so tall?"To this day I cannot figure out how I managed to make my over to that stool. My legs were stiff, my head was throbbing, my palms were sweating, my breathing was short and quick; I'm pretty sure these are the symptoms of an anxiety attack.My last view of the world before the Hat slid over my eyes was that of two thousand eyes staring directly up at me. A scene so terrifying I was almost relieved to escape into the absolute darkness that was the Sorting Hat's interior.This isn't so bad, I thought as I sat awaiting the Hat's selection to reverberate throughout the Hall, No big deal, really-"Ahh, Albus Potter, I've been waiting for you." A cool, sly voice in my ear. The Sorting Hat's voice.I damn near shit myself.The Sorting Hat chuckled. "Yes, since I sorted your brother last year, I've been eagerly expecting you. Another child of the great Harry Potter." I couldn't help but detect a slight note of sarcasm in his tone.Oh...okay. Well, I hope I don't disappoint.Another amused chuckle. "No, no, not at all. Let us see, let us see... My, you are every bit I expected you to be. Very difficult, very, very difficult..."I was alarmed. What makes me so difficult?"Bravery, yes it's there, plenty of bravery, plenty of boldness. Kindness, loyalty...yes, there it is. My, quite a bit of empathy you have, Potter, highly unusual for someone of your age. Intelligence, wit, remarkable acumen...what a gifted mind you have, what a mind. Certainly not a mind to be wasted, no, how tragic that would be."Soooo, you're going to put me in Ravenclaw? "No, no, I don't think so... No. Well, well, look at this. How strange this is... It appears that you are equally equipped for all four houses. How odd, how very odd..."What? What does that mean?! "It means I am going to have a very difficult time selecting a House for you."You could just put me into Gryffindor, I mean, it would be the simplest solution. My entire family, past and present, has been sorted into Gryffindor, of course you know that, Mr. Hat. Although I was rambling, I tried to seem nonchalant, as if I didn't really care which House I was placed in so as to conceal my desperation, to which I suspected the Hat would not respond well."You should know that years ago, when I Sorted your father, my immediate instinct was to place him into Slytherin."Really? Why didn't you? "Because he, fearing the unsavory reputation of the House of Slytherin, just as you yourself do, requested that he be placed into Gryffindor. And I mistakenly granted that request."Wait a minute...you take requests? "It was one of the greatest mistakes I have ever made."What makes you say that? Harry Potter-my father, I mean-is one of the greatest wizards of our time. He did great in Gryffindor. I felt the need to defend my father."Oh yes, Harry Potter, one of the greats...the Chosen One..." Again, I detected the slight note of sarcasm in his response.Would it be possible for myself to make a request? I suggested casually."No. You see, Potter, it is not my job to place you in whichever House seems, for whatever reason, to be the most desirable to you. When the founders of Hogwarts created me, many, many years ago, it was their intention to devise an infallible method of placing students into the House that would foster their development to the greatest extent possible. Because I see each House as possessing equal merit, I am able to place each student in their proper House without bias, based purely on the attributes inherent in them."But Mr. Hat, if you're saying that I would just as well in one House as I would do in another, why can I not help the process along by making a suggestion. If your primary purpose is to place me in the House that would foster my development to its furthest extent, doesn't it stand to reason that placing me in a House I know I will be unhappy in would almost certainly hinder this development to less than its greatest potential?The Hat paused a moment before responding. "You make a good argument, Potter. I understand your point, it is a good point. But your request for Gryffindor is one made under duress."It is not. I want to be sorted into Gryffindor because it is what I want."No, it is not. It is what you think you want. It what you have been told you want. You said it yourself, everyone in your family, past and present, has been in Gryffindor. You fear their disapproval, you fear being less than what is expected of you. It is not your fault; from the time you developed comprehension you have been taught that good and evil are two diametrically opposed, clearly defined entities. You believe Gryffindor is good because it has produced so many good wizards, and you believe Slytherin is bad because it has produced so many bad wizards. Simple. People like simple, because it's easy."I am not going to place you into Gryffindor, Potter, because it would be too easy for you. You would do very well there, I do not doubt that, but you will continue to prevail under the perennial, incorrect notion of the simple distinctions between good and evil. This will, in fact, serve to arrest your development into the greatest wizard you can be. I can not allow that to happen. A mind like yours does not come around very often, so I must take extra care with my decision making in your case. I need to be careful to make sure you get the most from your experience here at Hogwarts, and placing you in Gryffindor will not allow for that. You will learn, yes, but you will not become enlightened."But Mr. Hat-"SLYTHERIN!"The Sorting Hat was abruptly plucked from my head, revealing a thousand stunned faces staring up at me.I slowly slid off the stool, my fists clenched to keep them from shaking. A few teachers clapped politely in an attempt to break the impossibly awkward silence that had fallen over the Hall.Heads turned as I passed. The Slytherins glared menacingly as I made my way down the length of their table. I made sure to keep my face expressionless, to allow no physical indication of my internal anguish. I wasn't going to let the entire school see me break.I reached the very end of the table, hesitating slightly before taking a seat. I wanted to keep walking, to escape the horrors of the Great Hall, to walk right out the front door and keep going until I found a nice, cold pit to curl up into and die.I was sat beside the Bloody Baron, the only Slytherin that would tolerate my presence. It was difficult to ignore the hostile glances of my fellow House mates."Hello, Mr. Baron." I figured my present state of misery was no excuse for rudeness.The Baron turned to face me. It was rather difficult holding his gaze, as instinct advised against such an unpleasant visage.I still don't know if it was a simple trick of the light, or actuality, but I was shocked to see a slight, reassuring smile flicker across the ghost's hard, stoic face.
