Okay, so my last fanfiction Interhouse exchange I didn't know there was another story called the Interhouse exchange program I'm sorry, I honestly didn't know about your story and I thought I had an original idea again I am truly sorry, and to the reviewers about my grammar problem... I'm using my phone, my phone doesn't have the spell check app or a grammar app. I don't have the money to pay for an account on , and I'm only 13 I'm not a professional I just write for fun. But hopefully this story is original and new, it is BASED off of the American tv show "new girl" i hope you guys like this story. If there is another story like this please alert me. Again, please alert me if there is another story like this one. Disclaimer :||: I do not own Harry potter or any of the characters. I may own the plot or not please tell me if there is another one like this and I will remove this story or try and change it again. I promise to work on my grammar, hopefully this is better. Plot: Draco, Harry, and Ron live together. Hermione needs a place to live after Hogwarts. Ginny and Luna live together and are bestfriends.{ The ships that are mentioned : dramione, hinny, Ron+Luna. }WARNING: Characters may be OOC.Chapter 1:Hermione left her parents' house, she was hoping that she could find a flat to share with others to pay rent with her. It's been 3 years since Hogwarts, Draco, Harry, Ron had become really close friends since then. They moved in together, and Hermione kind of strayed away from the group going into her own personal bubble. She attends the university, she had an offer to get into the ministry, but she declined so she could start off higher in the Ministry's' law enforcement field.Right now in this period of time, Hermione is struggling to pay for her education and a flat, so she had to abide with her parents until she gets out of school (again) and have the money to afford her own flat or a flat to share with somebody.Ring-ring-ring her cellular phone, a muggle contraption that allows people to connect with each other, rang from inside of her bag. Stopping on the side walk, she opens her enchanted bag that held her wand, phone, parchment, pens/quills, and ink bottles. Digging around, she finally finds her phone."Hello?" She answers to the other person on the other end of the line."HERMIONE! YOU NEED TO COME OVER! " Ginny yells into Hermione's ear, pulling her phone away she smiles into the phone."Ginny, calm down. And sure, I'll be there in a few minutes. I'll apparate there. Bye," she hangs up the phone, before shoving it back into her bag. Walking to an empty alleyway, she apparates to Ginny and Luna's flat."Hermione! You need a place to stay right?!" Ginny bombards her as soon as she apparates in."Um... Yes..?" Hermione answers, not really sure what to answer to the question at hand."GREAT! Ron, Harry, and Draco need another attendant. And two of them are you former best friend! It's perfect!" She paused, "oh, wait, would you like to stay for tea before going over? " Ginny added hastily."Well that's fantastic! Don't get me wrong but I do not like living with my parents again. And yes Ginny can I have some tea?" Ginny motions for Hermione to follow her into the kitchen where the kettle was already on, boiling the water. Taking a seat on the bar stool at the counter.The flat looked great, the color scheme was black and white. The living room had a nice white leather couch which, surprisingly, was bed comfortable. The entire flat had dark hard wood flooring, accenting the walls nicely. The kitchen was mostly white, with black accents here and there.Pulling out a mug from the cabinet, Ginny set it gracefully next to the other one she pulled out. The tea bags lay on the counter with honey, and sugar jars. Turning off the stove, Ginny grabbed the kettle pouting the boiling hot water into the mugs before placing the tea bags in."Thank you Ginny about telling me about the flat, and them needing another attendant. The boys rarely talk to me anymore. Did Harry tell you about it?" She asked her red headed friend, sipping the tea gingerly." Actually yes, he did tell me. I still can not believe they don't talk to you that much anymore!" Ginny replied sounding astounded at the last sentence. She knew Harry and Ron drifted away from Hermione when they met Malfoy again in the auror program, soon becoming close friends pushing Hermione out of their close knit group. Sighing sadly Hermione agreed with her friend.Finishing their tea, Hermione said her goodbyes to her friend before apparating to the boys' flat. Walking up the side walk and to the front door of the building she walks in and up six floors to the near top flat. Straightening out her, perfectly straight hair and her long sleeved shirt that had a nice comfortable vest over top, she knocked on the door.Shuffle-shuffle-shuffles came the foot steps as they walked toward the door. Swinging the door open revealed a shirtless Malfoy. "Malfoy who's at the door?" Yelled a male voice, another man rounded the corner, Harry."It's Hermione." He stated rather sadly. Hermione gave him a glare, which was well deserved in his case."Hermione! Hi!" Harry pushed Draco away from the door frame of the flat. "We haven't seen you in a while, how are things? Wait come on in," he ushered her into the very colorful flat. She turned around and hugged her former best friend, he reciprocated the hug."I'm good, just living with my parents and attending the university. In other words same old same old," she laughed pulling away from the rather needed hug. "But I heard you need another attendant to help with the rent, and do not ask me how I found out because I will tell you, Ginny told me, but I was wondering if maybe I could live here..?" Her sentence trailed off, I hope this isn't a bad idea, she thought to herself. But the smile on Harry's face told her otherwise, it must be a rather brilliant plan."Why didn't I think of that? Oh wait I know why, I'm not a should-have-been-ravenclaw was I? No." Harry replied to himself sarcastically. Hermione rolled her eyes laughing at him."So can I?" She inquired to her friend."Well duh! But I have to clear it by the other guys... Ron should be fine with it I don't know about Draco. " Hermione nodded understandably."Great! Maybe you can ask them now..." She suggested to the male. He nods taking her suggestion, he stands up, going to locate the others.After a few minutes he drags both boys out of their respective rooms, and out to the living room. "Guys, I found us another attendant! It's Hermione!" Harry smiled at his friends. Ron looked absolutely happy, and Draco looked like a truck hit him."Hello? Malfoy?" Hermione waved a hand infront of the blonde's face. He shook his head."Sure whatever." He stood up exiting the room. Hermione frowned, oh well, she turned to Ron who still looked as giddy as a child in a candy shop. Ron abruptly stood up, striding up to the brunette girl, and hugging her tightly. Hermione laughed and hugged back.Pulling away she gave Ron a smile, "okay when do you want me to move in?" She asked, turning her attention to Harry."Next Saturday, that way we can clean the room. And get a new mattress," Hermione smiled again, her smile didn't falter all the way home. She couldn't believe it, she was moving in with her two friends and enemy.Hi guys! If you like my story please review below :)
