Disclaimer: All Publicly recognizable characters,settings, ect. are the property of J.K. Rowling. All original Characters and plat are the property of the Author of this story. The author of this story is in no way associated with the owners,creators,or producers of any previously copyrighted copyright infringement is author does not receive nor intend to receive any monetary profit.Once upon a time there lived a group of pranksters. First there was James Potter "the charismatic Leader," Then coming a close second was Sirius Black "the mischievous Ladies man", and coming a reluctant third there was Remus Lupin "the Mysterious think-tank", Then Bringing up the back was Peter Pettigrew "the quiet outsider" not quite fitting in with the rest but included nontheless. These Four boys were well known for their pranks, their stories known to many. From their Humorous beginnings, to their tragic end. But what most don't know is there was a fifth member to this band of miscreants. A girl by the name of Alana Peverell.Alana Peverell was a blonde haired Blue eyed beauty with a Fiery Temper, A cunning Nature,and a distinct loyalty complex how or why she got involved with the band of Pranksters known as the Marauders is anyone's guess, But once in she was in it for the long haul. Loyal even years after the group fell apart (dispite what others may tell you).Though this story begins with "once upon a time" that doesn't mean it ends in "happily ever after". This is the story untold, of a girl who survived not one but Two wars. This is a story of A girls transformation from girl to woman, A story of Friendship, Love,heartbreak,pain,death,forgiveness,loss,and recovery. This is the story of The Black Phoenix.Authors note: okay so, this is going to be my first Attempt at HP fanfiction on this sit. I apologize for any spelling or grammatical errors that will undoubtedly occur (as i'm slightly dyslexic) . updates should be pretty fast since i have the outline written out allready, just a warning this is going to be a very long story with at least 17 sequels. every story section with be one year long starting at the Marauder era and ending about one or two years after the book series ends. This story will vaguely fallow the original plot later on but i didn't want to make it seem like you were re-reading the book in AU form (that's boring and damn predictable). some characters that die in the book will either stay alive or be brought back towards the end of This series. Anyways please remember to fallow/favorite this story and review. i will read and get back to ALL reviewers(yes even negative ones) and i will put your opinions and thoughts into account as i go along. ~ Pinkbubbles
