Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, I do not have any rights to Harry Potter and I do not make any money from writing these fics.Written For: The Becoming A Wizard Yr 1 Challenge, A Bit of Motivation Competition and the One Million Words Competition, The If You Dare Continued Challenge and the Disney-A-Thon Challenge.Prompt: Write a drabble collection on any character you want about different times in their lives, no dialogue allowed, Casablanca, Write about someone who had a unique childhood (Tarzan). Bitten, CursedA loud scream tore out of his throat as Remus stared into the glowing amber eyes, sharp teeth firmly clamped around his leg giving Remus no chance of an escape. Tears fell down his face as he clawed and scratched at the ground in a mad attempt to get away from the devil who had cursed him only for it to fail in vain as with a single sharp tug Remus was back where he started.As Remus' eyes locked with the werewolf understanding hit him like a tidal wave, if he did not do something now and fast he would not make it through the night. As Remus closed his eyes and tried to figure out a plan of action he winced in pain as the werewolf bit down harder while thinking that he should of just stayed inside with his parents. Right now watching Casablanca with his parents did not seem like the torture it had first seen to be.At the thought of his parents determination swelled up inside of him, he could not leave his parents alone. Not after everything they had been through, he knew that his parents would properly die of a broken heart if he died, he knew it from the expression that his parents always wore around him.Using his free leg Remus used all of his strength and gave the werewolf a sharp kick to the side. A few seconds later the werewolf let out a surprised yelp causing its hold on Remus' lg to weaken slightly. Not wanting to take any more chances or wait for the werewolf to regain his senses Remus used his free leg again but this time he pushed the creature away from him.A few seconds later but what felt like a life time Remus managed to remove his trapped leg from the werewolves mouth. Doing his best to ignore the large amount of pain that hit him that came from his blood covered leg Remus quickly began to scramble away madly. Knowing that his parents would not be able to hear his shouts for help over the movie Remus kept his mouth firmly shut and allowed no sound to come out of his lips. He refused to give the werewolf something, no matter how little it was, that might alert it to what had just happened and where its prey had gone off to.A low angry growling sound came to Remus' ears, it seemed that the werewolf had finally recovered from the shock and had realised what had just happened. Knowing that he would most likely die before the night was out Remus found himself crawling towards his home, he would not go down without a fight.As the sound of paws hitting the ground came to his ears along with several angry snarls Remus gulped, the realisation that the evil creature had just been playing with him before hit him like a ton of bricks. If he had just laid still and waited for it to end he might of lived through it.Realizing that no matter what he tried to do it would not work Remus took a deep breath and at the top of his lungs he shouted out with all of his hope for his parents to help him. Just as he finished calling out to his parents and the werewolf bit down on his legs once again the door to his house flew open and his parents ran outside, wands in hand.A small glimmer of hope bubbled inside of Remus under all of his pain as he watched his parents running towards him. Everything was going to be alright, everything was going to be fine, his parents had heard him.End of Drabble.
