Written for Scavenger Hunt Challenge (2. NOTP)So I bring to you, Harmony or whatever Harry/Hermione is called.-oOo--oOo--oOo-Hermione had to admit, watching Harry teach was showing a different side of her friend. He was a natural at this, correcting wand movements and adding encouragement with every pair he walked passed. He did all this with such ease like he had been born to lead.It was a little distracting to watch, and more than once, Hermione had slipped up whenever he turned his gaze onto her. She didn't understand why she was being like this. Never before had Harry caused such a distraction for her. She'd never gone weak to the knees when he flashed a smile at her, and her heart had never before skipped when she heard his deep, full bodied chuckles.None of this had ever occurred, until now. It was ridiculous, she thought. Falling in love with her best friend. It was childish, the stuff from cheesy novels were they had nothing better to do than throw the female lead into the male's arms.Yet as it was, Hermione found herself growing weak in the knees at the sight of Harry's emerald eyes. They reminded her of the Emerald City in Oz, twinkling towers of green which glistened in the sun overhead. His complexion was that of peaches and cream, a florid tint to his cheeks whenever she caught him looking at her. The black of his hair was mesmerizing, never had she seen such a dark shade seem so alive and bright. The wired frames of his glasses were chipped from years of wear and tear, but they only helped to improve his appearance.Hermione didn't know when she had begun to feel these things for Harry. Maybe it was the year prior, when she had spent so much time terrified of losing him. Maybe it was now, watching him teach and direct with flawless skills. Maybe it had been whenever he and Ron had burst into the bathroom first year, saving her from a clear death. Whenever it may have been, Hermione was aware of the fact now.She was falling for her best friend, and from the sly glances he would toss her way, Hermione was sure Harry was falling for her just as hard.
