The Short Stories of Scorpius MalfoyI do not own the Potter-verse. JK Rowling does.And this is written on an iphone so if layout is weird please bear with me.ScorpiusI stare at the coffee. Dark roast apparently.She has GOT to be shitting me.I go over her words in my mind. No, this has to be a joke.Scorpius Malfoy, 21 years of age and fucked.Utterly fucked.I choke - yet again - on my coffee. I start shaking my head."No, this can't be right... Are you absolutely sure?," I ask, "Because if you're not sure then fuck, I'm gonna be so angry at you!"She sniggers at me and rolls her eyes, "Of course I'm sure."My heart starts racing. I did it again, I fucked up yet again. How do I get out of this one?I stand up on the deck of her little flat looking around trying to find a way to top myself. I need to find the tallest building and jump the hell off.She stands next to me the irritation she is feeling is leaking out and on to me.I nervously tie my hair up then scratch my chin, "Ok look, we need to figure this out and fast!" I hiss at her."Well maybe we could start by telling your girlfriend?" She whispers.I laugh without humour, as if that's going to be a good idea."And how, Rose, do you think my girlfriend is going to take the news?"Rose glares at me, "Well maybe you should have thought of that before you had unprotected sex with me! Again!"I can't deal with this shit.I walk away from her, heading off the deck and back on to the street. I hear her hold back a escaping cry.Another stupid mistake made by Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy.Another kid to Rose Weasley.And to make matters worse, I'm going to have to tell my girlfriend that I have yet another kid to another woman that is not her.Yes, guys, I'm back. I don't know how long for or what, but I am back. 3 babies later and about 3 years later. I understand that I have an unfinished story (The Rough Times of one Rose Genevra Jean Weasley) but please respect that I am only human and I am a busy mum with a fulltime job but I am ready to start doing this again. This short story compilation is going to help me get back into the swing of writing again so in about a month once I'm settled I'll get back into my Rough Times story. In the meantime, enjoy these little snippets from Scorpius. Xx Cara
