I am back. None of this is mine but my weird thoughts.Severus Snape knew he was done finished and a few other things. He was tied up with his hands above his head. Harry Potter was sitting in a chair next to the bed where he lay. Severus was naked as the day he was born; while Potter was still fully dressed. Potter grabbed an ice cube out of the bowl on the nightstand. This was not what he was normally into, but he was Potter's boy until he said his safe word not that he wanted to.Potter calmly placed the ice cube just below his belly button on his trail of hair. Severus could not help, but twitch, and moan. Potter yanked on his hair and said what did I say about being quiet?Severus let out a whimper I am sorry master.You are not Severus you and I both know that, but you will after I punish you.Severus's hands were untied within a minute. A few after he was over Potter's knee like a child. Now this is what he wanted this is what he liked.You deserve this don't you?Yes I do.Crack Potter's hand came down on his ass again but this time to his right thigh; then his left. This continued until he was begging Potter to fuck him.Now why should I give you what you want so badly slut?You shouldn't Potter I am nothing so little in this world. Severus felt as if Harry Potter could see strait through him to his soul, heart, and mind. That is when this master turned those green eyes on him.Severus kneeled at Harry Potter's feet, and asked what can I do for my master?You are to suck me Sev. Now do it.He took off his master's jeans and took him into his mouth. Severus had always enjoyed this feeling of something hard and heavy in his mouth and throat. Severus himself was aching with need, but he knew his need did not matter.His master told him to stop and get on all fours on the bed. He knew what was coming the best and worst part. Harry Potter was a trustworthy man though if Severus called uncle he would stop. Some of the others that Severus had played with over the years not so much. Potter stripped off his clothes, and grabbed the lube.Severus bit his lip not to moan at the feeling of Potter's fingers in side of him, but Potter seemed to be one of them the ones who thought because BDSM was a part of someone's sex life meant that prep wasn't very important, which the truth is it always is.Severus knew he was going to hurt badly tomorrow Potter was lining up his cock to his entrance. And then he was in him. It hurt, but it was a good hurt the kind that made you want more. The kind that made you begs and pleads for more. Potter pulled out and slammed back home many times, Severus wished so badly he could reach down and tug on his own cock. But he knew he couldn't Potter said that his cock wasn't being touched tonight, but he was so close. Was it worth it?Fuck yes it was. One tug and Severus had come all over himself. And Potter bit his ear what did I say about doing that? In a second Potter came and pulled out.They both lay down in the bed. Not touching they weren't lovers, but it wasn't a one nightstand either.Severus gave up trying to figure whatever this was out. His head and body hurt too much.The next morning Severus woke to the sound of a shower, and the other side of the bed empty. He wanted clothing he wanted long sleeves and soft sweats, but he doesn't have them here. And all of his clothing is at the front door, so he would have to go get it the way he is. So should he grab Potter's shirt or wrap himself in a sheet? Sheet it is it longer and doesn't smell gross.Part of him wonders if he is right and Potter didn't say that very important spell, but he always said it before they had sex. Nothing to worry about Potter isn't that dumb. We are talking about Potter though.Soon Severus was somewhat dressed and on his way home. As soon as he was out of the fireplace he was stripping off his cloak, and reaching for the clothes he left by the fireplace, which was the long sleeved shirt and sweats he wanted so bad at Potter's.He wanted no food just a firm bed to sleep in his body ached and his bones hurt, He climbed up the stairs and crawled into bed.Harry was at the aurror office watching as Ron gave him dirty looks. Harry himself was 24 by this time in their life both of his parents were dead. Many people now a days already were married with families Ron was one of them. Hermione was not his wife though. She was Draco Malfoy's and they already had a son. Scorpius Ron married a girl name Rose and had a son named Hugo.Now Harry himself was sleeping with Severus Snape. Not dating him truly, but not really just sleeping with him either. Harry's best friend stopped talking to him when he caught Harry with Severus. Well Severus was naked, and tied up, and well maybe being flogged.Hermione had no problem with it she just wanted him and Severus to truly get together (more like get married and start having babies). Harry did not know what he wanted. Severus was well Severus cold hard to get to know, but sexy in his own way his long black hair and his dark brown almost black piercing eyes. Draco well he was still Draco and loved to make jokes. More about Harry than about Severus; Hermione would stop them before they even came close to blows. Maybe the other odd couple understood because well they were in the scene as well. Time at work seemed to fly by for Harry. Very soon it was time to go home.In the back of his mind he thought to that empty house.Severus was sitting at his kitchen table with Draco. They were close at one time uncle or godfather, but now friend and fellow submissive. Draco was collared unlike Severus.You know you should speak to him about how you feel Severus.Speak to him about?You should speak to Harry.I do speak to him.Not the way you should.It doesn't matter.Whatever Severus.Draco went to go check on the tea. Severus sat staring out the window. Maybe Draco was right. No Draco was a love struck fool always has been always will be. Potter and he both got off that was all it was, but it would have to change if Potter forgot that spell.. Why did his mind have to go back to that spell? He did not want children and neither did Potter, so it didn't matter.I can almost hear the wheels turning in your head Severus. Draco had come back in with two cups of tea. Both were black the way they both liked it.Do you know who my first master Draco was?No I am not sure I do Severus.Sirius Black was my first master. I was fifteen at the time, and I thought I was in love with him. That one day he would collar me, and I would have the Black heirs. You see how well that turned out.Black was an ass Severus and Draco reached his out and placed it over Severus's long fingers.They both heard the sound of the floo Hermione must have come over, and then they heard the sound of a toddler laugh. Draco got up to greet his wife as she walked in the kitchen.There is my Scorpius. Draco took him from Hermione, and kissed the little guy's head.Now what were you two boys talking about? Hermione's hands were on her hips as she said it.We were talking about something that does not concern you. Severus gave her a dirty look he knew he was playing with fire.Well love we were talking about Severus and Harry.Weasel thought Severus. Did he never know the meaning a master doesn't need to know everything? Neither did himself when he was with Sirius. That Draco's first master and she most likely be his only. Unlike the long line of masters he had. He should not be thinking about that.You know Severus things would be better if you and Harry both grew up a little?No fuzz ball it wouldn't be because what you want is never going to happen.Hermione didn't say anything about the fuzz ball comment she was used to it.A owl flew into the house threw the open window, and set a letter on the table in front of Severus. He knew who it was from and he had to go over to Harry's. He had to talk to him. This affected them both.He told the young couple it was time to go.He walked up to his bedroom after they left. Stripping off every piece of clothing on his body he stared at his stomach there was a baby in there. He was going to be a father. The letter was from Hogwarts saying that baby Snape- Potter was going to go to Hogwarts if his or her parents choose to send the baby when it was eleven.Slightly shaking as he buttoned his shirt. Instead of grabbing slacks he pulled on a pair of worn loose jeans. He had to talk Harry and he had to put his foot down to save this child growing inside him..
