I'm back with a new story! I hope you guys like this one as much as Where were you when I needed you? That story was a huge success and I hope that this one will top it. Not sure but I can at least hope. This story is dedicated to Jazzybizzle (: Okay, so this story is being moved from my original account, wintersnow387 because that account doesn't work right anymore. I will be continuing this story and finishing it so I hope you enjoy!Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, only borrowing the characters.No matter how many times Sirius told Harry that his friend's deaths were not his fault, it never seemed to stick in Harry's head. Harry was always depressed these days. Moping around the house, a ghost of his former self. The Weasley's, Sirius, Reamus, Tonks, Hermione, Luna, Nevielle; they all miss the old Harry. The one that always said never give up hope no matter what. Hermione misses the Harry from the tent, when they were hunting horcroxes, the one in the Forest of Dean. She misses the one that made her feel better even though Ron walked, the one that danced with her all night long.Sirius was getting tired of seeing his godson mope around the Burrow. Today was the last straw for him. Harry is up in Ron's room, he has refused to come out of there for 3 hours now. They have tried everything to get him down but nothing seems to be working. But Sirius, learning from his godson, will never give up. Oh no. He has a plan. Hermione will be at the burrow within the hour. Sirius has noticed the way Harry and Hermione look at each other, he would have to be blind not to. So, he is going to use that his advantage.Within 30 minutes, Hermione arrived at the Burrow. Her parents were killed in Australia during the War and she has been staying at their house, cleaning the places up, trying to make it look presentable to sell. After Mrs. Weasley found out about Hermione's parents death, she insisted that she pack all of her belongings and move into the Burrow. It took time and a lot of convincing but Hermione ended up accepting Mrs. Weasley's offer and selling her parents old house to a Newlywed couple. Hermione now stood at the doorway, staring at Sirius before being pulled into a bone-crushing hug."Nice to see you too Sirius." Hermione says giggling."It's always good to see you 'Mione." Sirius says with a giant smile."'Mione! It's so good to see you! We haven't seen you around here for a while" Ron says, enveloping her in a giant hug."I'm sorry! My parents' house was hard to sell. The couple was not being very fair." Hermione says with a frown."It's okay, your here now!""That you are" Remus says. Hermione smile widely before running into her old Professors embrace."'Ello, 'Ermione" Tonks says, pulling her into a friendly hug with a smile on her face."Hello, Tonks, Remus. It is so good to see you two again." Hermione says after pulling back from Tonk's hug. Ginny leans over the 3 floor banister."Did I just hear Hermione's name?" she asks excitedly."That you did Ginny" Hermione says."Hermione!" Ginny sqeals. Ginny bounds down the stairs, skipping every second step. When she reaches the bottom of the stairs, Ginny flings herself into Hermione's awaiting arms."Hey Gin! I missed you!""I missed you too 'Mione!" Ginny says into her hair. Ginny pulls back and the girls share a giant smile. Mrs. Weasley enters the room and greets her just like Ginny did. Hermione noticed that when she walked in, Harry didn't beat Ron or Sirius to hug her. She hasn't seen him since she entered through the threshold."Um, where is Harry?" Hermione asks. Everyone gets quiet, too quiet. Ron is the first one to speak but is soon cut off by Sirius."Harry is in Ron's room. He has been in there for over 4 hours. He refuses to come out, when he does he is usually moping around the house, a ghost, shell of his former self. It's very aggrivating. He feels guilty for the death of his parents, after he found out the truth, and he feels guilty about Snape and Dumbledore's deaths. He won't let anyone talk to him about it. He hasn't been happy since he has been back." Sirius says.Hermione thinks this over for a second before making a decision. "Would you mind if I tried? I have known him as long as Ron but maybe I can talk some sense into him." Hermione says, shooting Ron an apologetic smile."Please do, it's better you knocking sense into him then me." Sirius says with a wink. Hermione smiles slightly before making her way upstairs to Ron's room.She opens the door to find Harry sitting on his bed, which happens to be the spare bed of Ron's room, looking out of the window. If he heard her enter, which she is sure he did, he didn't act like it. Hermione closes the door behind her, locks it, and puts a silencing charm on it just in case. Hermione is expecting the worse, him screaming, crying, breaking down. If that happens she doesn't want anyone else to hear it."Harry?" Hermione asks softly, walking over to the bed and sitting down next to him, a foot distance between them. He doesn't turn to look at her but says "Hey""Harry, I know you don't want to hear this but it's not your fault. You didn't do anything wrong. It was their choice to stick up for you and they decided that it was worth dying for. Harry, just because they aren't with us physically doesn't mean that they aren't with us." Hermione gets up and stands in front of him before kneeling so that their eyes meet. "They are with us in here" she says, pointing to Harry's heart."It is my fault Hermione. I am the reason they are dead." Harry says, averting his gaze. Hermione sits back down on the bed beside Harry but closer this time. She takes Harry's chin and pulls his face up gently to look at her."Harry, you listen to me." she says, burning her eyes into his. "It. Is. Not. Your. Fault. They chose, not you. You weren't the one to kill them, death eaters were the ones. If you want to blame someone, blame them but don't blame yourself for this because it isn't your fault." Hermione said sternly."Thanks Hermione, your right. It isn't my fault, I just wanted to believe that it was because I felt bad." Harry said with a sigh, holding her intense gaze."Your welcome Harry." Hermione says and lets her hand drop back down to the bed. Harry grabs her hand and intertwines their fingers together before looking back up to meet Hermione's gaze. Harry leans in slowly and Hermione stills. What is he...? Her thoughts trail off as he gently presses his lips to hers. She sits their shocked for a second before snapping out of it and kissing him back. Hermione snakes her arms around his neck as he places his hands on her hips, pulling her against his body. Hermione respones as she runs her fingers through his hair. He slides his tounge along her lower lip, asking for entrance. She quickly grantes it and their tounges battle for dominance. After about ten minutes, she decides to make the first move. She starts to lay back as she scoots closer to him, pulling him down gently with her.She lays on her back and he settles on leg in between hers and the other on the outside of her left leg. He moves from her lips to her neck, nibbling at the senstive skin there. Hermione lets out a small moan as he starts kissing down to the top of her shirt. Harry kisses her lips briefly before grabbing the hem of her shirt and asking permission with his eyes. She nods and lifts her arms above her head before he pulls the shirt away from her body and throws it somewhere.Harry leans back down capturing her lips with his once again. She does the same thing and removes Harry's shirt, throwing it off to the side. He starts kissing at her neck again and slowly moves down to her chest. He kisses the swell of her breast before capturing her lips again to stifle a moan."We don't have to do this 'Mione." Harry says, lingering over her, watching her carefully. Hermione realizes that she wasn't really paying attention to what they were doing, only to how she felt. She nods as a silent agreement before Harry rolls off of her and out of bed. He grabs her shirt, throwing it to her, before putting on his own shirt. They smooth down their clothing and hair, to make it look like they really were just talking and head for the door. Before Hermione takes off the enchantments, she and Harry share one last lingering kiss."I am glad that you are feeling better Harry" Hermione says."I wouldn't have been able to do it without you 'Mione." Harry says and Hermione feels a blush creep up to her cheeks."Um, so what does this mean Harry?" Hermione asks, gesturing to what just happened."It means we will just have to see where this goes." Harry says with a smile, one no one has seen for a while. A long while.They descend the stairs, acting like they are in deep conversation. They reach the bottom of the stairs and Harry thanks Hermione, to make it believable before offering her a sweet smile. Everyone in the room gasps, they haven't seen him smile in weeks! Yet, here he is, smiling and laughing with one of his best friends."Well, look who finally decided to join us," Sirius says, his eyes full of amusement."Um, yea. I guess so" Harry says awkwardly, scratching the back of his neck."Well, it is nice to have you back, mate." Ron says, bro hugging Harry."Thanks, mate. Good to be back." Harry says before turning to Remus and Tonks. They offer his a smile before hugging him."Harry my boy, I'm glad you decided to join us." Mrs. Weasley said smiling broadly."Thank you Mrs. Weasley." Harry says, returning her smile, a little akwardly."Harry?" Ginny asks disbelievingly, hanging over the 3rd floor banister again."Um, yea. That's me, last time I checked.Ginny sqeals again before bolting down the stairs and into Harry's not so welcoming embrace."I thought you weren't going to come out again." Ginny says pulling back to look him in the eye."Um, yea. Me neither but I was convinced very thouroughly so yea." Harry says akwardly."I'm so glad that you decided to come out of Ron's room and it is so nice to see you smiling again!" Ginny sqeals before launching herself back into his arms.No one noticed the jealous eyes of their best friend, except for Harry and moments later, Hermione ran out of the back door, into the meadow behind the Burrow.
