Written for Divination; Assignment One.Prompts: Crystal, Abnormal and Fortune.It was September the first day of school had just begun.The Great Hall was vociferous, the students rowdy and boisterous over excited at being with their friends again.He was above that childish behavior, he thought to himself, preferring to remain dignified.Breakfast was a feast as usual, Crabbe and Boyle at either side of him stuffing themselves, bits of food flew out of their mouths as they put more in. You would have thought they had not eaten a decent meal in months, even though the feast last night was spectacular and plentiful.Draco shook his head.As the meal finished, owls flew overhead and head of houses began handing out students time tables.Professor Snape nodded and smirked at him"Draco" he drawledThe blonde boy nodded in reply and looked at the slip of parchment now in his hand."Great, double divination!' He spat to no one in particular."Me too" Crabbe replied"Bloody treyloony, for two hours. Come on we may as well get it over with"Draco let his two friends out of the hall and up to Professor Treylawnys class.They took seats together, at the back of the classThe mad professor addressed the class once they had all taken their seats."Welcome back students to another eventful year at school, I have seen the future and this year should be a fun one."she fluttered to her desk and retrieved a book and a box.Today class we will learn the art of the Crystal Ball."She passed a box full of glass orbs to a ravenclaw sat in the front to hand out."Open "The Seers Almanac" to chapter 7 page 98."Draco opened his book as the teacher sauntered by their table.He read the first few sentences"Chapter 7;The Crystal Ball methodologyThe crystal ball is one of the more difficult tools to master in the art of Divination. Once practiced, however, the crystal ball beholds a unique power. When properly mastered the crystal ball will show images of any individuals future and fortune.""Load of rubbish" Draco thought to himselfThe Professor had begun talking again, excitedly waving her arms demonstrating the correct way to engage with the crystal ball"Wave your hands over like so, no Justin, hands must never cross over crystal. You could unleash misery and misfortune unto those you look upon"Crabbe and Boyle flourished their arms mocking their teacher however she was soon encouraged by their enthusiasm.Soon the whole class was joining in on these antics. The teacher jovial thinking their enjoyment stemmed from her teaching.Draco ignored those around him and sat stonily still.A cold sweat started beading on his brow, his stomach lurched. He felt sick. His head swam feeling abnormal.Draco fell from the chair and crashed to the floor but he did not feel it he was somewhere else"The sun blazed, temperatures soared. It was a beautiful summer.A father lay on the grass, scorched yellow in the sun, his son sat on his chest. 8 months old and he was already the double of him. James Sirius potter was the happiest man alive"James, lunch is ready" the mans mother called"Shall we go see nanny?" he cooed to the dribbling babyGinny sat with Kate, James wife, at the table a feast set before them. Harry came down the stairs and joined them.They joked and laughed.A man walked down the road. Even in this heat he wore a heavy cloak.He showed no sign of it bothering him. Opening the gate to the large cottage he descended the path.Without announcing himself he open the doorThe family turned and stared at their visitor but did not recognize him except harry."Tom Riddle" Harry Gasped"Draco came to on the floor of his classroom, 40 students crowding him each one of the faces wore a mask of horror."What the ell was that about" Crabbe piped up"What, I passed out, I wasn't feeling well""You said stuff, in a weird voice""What?! I did no such thing" Draco spat back at his 'friend'Professor Treylawny moved toward him and pulled him into an awkward one arm hug."A vision has been seen, you have connected with the inner eye, I am so proud I have unleashed this power within you"Her bug like eyes, magnified by her thick glasses, swam with tears.Draco was appalled he wanted to know what he said but did not want to ask!As they left class Crabbe and Goyle grabbed him at the top of the stairwell," Well, what was that?" Goyle asked" Have you gone weird on us?" Crabbe added"It was nothing. It was hot in there and I passed out, why is everyone making a fuss about it." Draco was getting frustrated. He didn't understand this anymore than they did."You went all funny, Goyle said your eyes went strange, cloudy like, didn't ya?" Looking at his accomplice.Goyle nodded and murmed in response"Your voice wasn't like yours. It was different like..." Crabbe continued"Deeper, more raspy" Goyle interjected" Yeah" nodded Crabbe " and you said,twenty years he will wait. Until seeking his final revenge. Bloodshed will reign once more and the one who lived will finally be dead.what the 'ell does that mean?""I don't know, maybe I was dreaming" shrugged Draco.However inside his mine was going into overdrive, he could not stop thinking about what he had seen,What did it all mean?
