Hey this is my first fanfic! Thanks to my beautiful editor Potterperks! This is based on the movie not the books ,so enjoy! My msg box is always open ! I have also posted this story on wattpad by the same name !This means she is thinking .Disclaimer: I own nothing apart from my own ideas!"Jacqueline Gray". Everyone stared as I walked down the middle of the large hall. I don't know if it was my deep, blood red hair or my glowing green eyes, but the whole hall was silent .I slowly sat down on the small stool, the sorting hat placed firmly atop my head. I saw most of my friends were sat at the Gryffindor table. Fred and George were looking at me with identical beaming faces. I looked over at Hermione , Harry and Ron . They had all been sorted into Gryffindor .After a while of thinking the hat finally decided. "Hmm yes, I think I know what house you belong in ..." He paused for affect," Slytherin!"... The School was silent. All of the Gryffindor table stared at me shocked . They thought I would be one of them , the twins and I were practically inseparable .I slowly stood , taking in shaky breaths, and walked seemingly calmly out of the hall . The twins, knowing me too well, stood and followed me out silently. I turned the corner and sunk to my knees , silent tears dripping from my cheeks. The twins knelt down beside me , their eyes filled with sympathy. " Hey, it's fine," Fred said, trying to console me as I buried my head into his shoulder . "We can still be friends," George reassured as he scribbled hastily on a piece of old parchment.They slowly stood me up and walked me out of the school and down to a secluded willow tree . We all sat down beneath it , me in between the twins . "But I want to stay with you ... " I mumbled into my knees .They both stayed silent as sobs shuddered through my body . I sat there, my mind and body gradually becoming numb.It was some time later when I looked up to see Ron making his way up the hill . George stood and walked over to him. They talked in hushed voices saying something about sending a letter . My stomach dropped . They were going to tell Mr and Mrs Weasley . George handed Ron a crumpled piece of parchment. I moved to protest, but I didn't have enough energy.We stayed there until the moon rose up above the trees . I closed my heavy eyes and started to doze off with my head on Fred's lap and my legs on George .They were like my brothers . After Dumbledore found me in a burning house, after my parents left me, he gave me to the Weasleys. They were the only family I had ever really had. The twins and I became very close quickly, and after the multiple pranks we played together, we became almost impossible to separate. Even when they both went to Hogwarts, we still sent messages at least once a day. But at that moment, with me in Slytherin, I feared they would hate me.I faintly felt myself being lifted up and getting carried off somewhere. I didn't care where or why, they could kill me if they wanted.I awoke early like always, my sleep riddled with nightmares . I slowly opened my eyes. I was slumped awkwardly on a bed , and by the chorus of snoring that surrounded me, the twins were not far away .I gingerly sat up and looked around. I seemed to be in the Gryffindor dorms from what the pictures I saw could tell me. I chuckled slightly as I looked beside me. Fred was lying on the floor next to my bed in a burgundy sleeping bag and George was sleeping in the bed one along from me. I stifled a laugh as George fell from his bed, onto Fred, landing in a heap on the floor. They looked up at me ,moving the covers from their faces ."CANNON BALL!" I cried, as I leapt from my bed on top of the boys, laughing hysterically as they mumbled moodily under their breath. The laughter soon subsided as I remember what had happened the day before and I was left with tears streaming down my face. I stood up and backed away until my head hit the wall , the burning in my chest increasing as I looked upon their worried faces . I felt my breathing quicken as a flash of fear streaked across their faces. They tried to cover it up, but I still saw." Don't panic Jack-" Fred said calmly." Remember what happened last time..." George added. I did remember what had happened.Shock began crawling up my spine. The last time I panicked like this, I nearly killed my parents. They left me because I was a freak . Not many people my age can control fire, but apparently when I was five, I managed it. Fred and George slowly made their way towards me." N-no don't come any closer , I don't want to hurt you," I cried, my voice breaking as my vision blurred with tears ."You won't hurt us , will she George ?" Fred looked at his brother ." No, she won't Fred. " I calmed slightly at their reassuring words. "Hey it's fine, we've arranged it with Dumbledore-" Fred smiled." He said you could sleep here " George added."Ok ," I sighed in a shaky voice . ' Well,' I thought, ' at least they don't hate me . Let's hope the others feel the same'. ... I never knew how wrong I was.I slowly made my way down the worn oak staircase and on into the Gryffindor common room. The loud and cosy lounge became cold and silent as I walked in and past the small crowd of judgemental, staring eyes. The room filled with hushed whispers. I felt my cheeks redden. I dropped my gaze to the floor and left the dorm, Fred and George trailing behind me.
