Written for the Scavenger Hunt Challenge (23. A childhood fic)-oOo--oOo--oOo-Harry was on a high after that Quidditch game. He moved from the locker rooms, feeling quite pleased for a twelve year old Seeker, who had just claimed another win for his team. The excitement was rising, and he knew that the party awaiting them back at the tower was to be grand. He had been making his way that direction whenever a hushed voice had drawn his attention towards a nearly deserted hall.He knew the voice, just not very well. He had heard it only once or twice, but from the undertones in it, Harry knew he wasn't walking towards a friend. Still, he crept through the hall, peering around the corner in hopes of spotting the source of the noise. He caught sight of the man speaking easily, a lump in his chest forming at the sight.Lucius Malfoy stood in the hall, his back facing towards Harry, but still recognizable. Draco was in front of his father, watching the man's every movements. The twelve year old Slytherin had always appeared small for his age, but when compared to the tall form that was Lucius Malfoy, Draco's petite stature was highly exaggerated. He barely came up to his father's mid-section. Unable to see Lucius's face, it was unclear what the man was expressing, but from the questers he was making, it couldn't be anything good.Draco opened his mouth in that instance, but shut it quickly when Lucius's voice rang out lough enough for Harry to hear. "I do not want to hear excuses, Draco. Do you know what I was supposed to be doing right now? I had an important meeting to attend, but I canceled it so that I could watch you play. Not sit on that broom, day dreaming. Your lack of focus out there was appalling. I cannot afford to miss work to watch you fail out there.""I tried father." Draco spoke up, a pleading light in his eyes. "I've only been playing a month, and I've gotten better. I promise you, I'll start winning. This is the just the first-"The slap that rang through the hall almost made Harry retreat. He stayed in his place though, watching as Draco rubbed at the pink mark against his pale skin."I said I don't have time for excuses." Lucius hissed down at his son. "Try and succeeding are two different things. You are a Malfoy, and Malfoy's do not fail, you will do well to remember that, son. It is bad enough you are allowing that Mudblood girl to beat you in test score, do not let Potter beat you in that Quidditch field. Am I understood?""Yes sir." Draco replied, not meeting eyes with his father."Good. Well, I must be going." Lucius turned, making his way towards the exit of the castle.Only after sure that his father was no longer in ear shot, did Draco let the sniffle escape him. He whipped away the handful of tears that had appeared.Unable to stay hidden any longer, (a bit unsure how safe this was), Harry stepped out from the corner he had been hiding behind. Draco narrowed his eyes the moment he saw the Gryffindor in front of him. His hand flew up to cover the smarting hand print on his cheek."Malfoy-""How long were you standing there?" Draco's voice was low, dangerous."Not too long." Harry shrugged. "But I saw. I mean. Look Malfoy, I know what it's like-""Like you know anything." Draco snarled. "You don't know anything about me, or this, so why don't you shut it. Not everyone needs Saint Potter to come and rescue them. Now if you don't mind, I have better things to do."Draco pushed past him, shoving his shoulder into the other boy's in the process. Harry could only watch him go, know that he should do something, but unsure of what it was.
