The sweet shop started to fill up as lunch ended. Bill Weasley found himself outside on the patio waiting for a girl. He was told that there was a new girl that he had to teach English. Why him, he wasn't exactly sure. Not exactly sure which girl he would be teaching, Bill looked around until he found himself wishing he was far away from here.Bill found himself staring at the girl, who had long, silvery-blond hair looked like silk. As she turned toward him, he realized that she was the new girl. How he knew was just a mystery all in itself. He rolled his eyes at the idea that she was just a table away.The girl was astonishingly pretty, in an unnatural sort of way that made him think that she had to be part veela. Being a curse breaker, he was used to seeing a variety of curses in those tombs. Surely a veela would not be extraordinary for a curse breaker. Moving quickly, he found himself in front of her."Are you Fleur Delacour?" he asked sitting down. The girl looked up, before a pretty smile decorated her face. The girl had to be part veela, with all of the men glaring at them. Most of the men in the vicinity looked jealous that he was the one to meet her. The girl did look very familiar to him at the very least.She nodded earnestly but did not speak, which puzzled him. If he was to teach her English, why wouldn't she speak? Never the less he tried to speak to her once more."I heard you were from France, so what brought you to England?" If he had a choice to go back to Egypt, when there wasn't a war about to break out, he would have gone back immediately.The look on her face went from happy to a rather stormy look. Her sparkling blue eyes found the tabletop before speaking."I was chosen from the Beauxbatons School at the Triwizard Tournament last year. It was Ceedric Diggory, 'e was a fellow concurrent. Err you could say co- comp ""Competitor?" he guessed smiling at her trying to pronounce the words. She nodded at the fact that he had said it correctly. So that was where she looked familiar to him, Bill had come to watch Harry compete. He had to admit that the way that Fleur just nodded along happily with the translation was cute."'E died in the middle of the tournament. Zat I didn't want others to do the same if this Lord Voldemort eez back. If 'e tried to prendre France, where my famille is, and something would 'appen to Gabrielle. She is my younger sezzter."That made sense, try to keep her family safe from harm and play an active part in the war. From the context she was trying to say Voldemort taking control of France and where her family is from. She should be part of the Order with that kind of attitude"So would you mind being my student?" he asked with a happy grin."Yea, I would be your tudiant," she said with zat  err that - stunning smile.So here is entry #8, Student for the Heterosexual Boot Camp. The italics are French according to google translate. Special, special, special thanks to TrisanaChandler13 for being a beta of this! 
