Hello guys! So, this is not your usual Marauder's fanfic, it is centered in my OC character Anneliss, her life at Hogwarts will be told by the POVs of Peter, Lily, Remus and Sirius (The POVs will complement each other), there will be Jilly of course, but (unfortunately) it won't be the central theme of this fanfiction.I tried to sound the most British I could (I was taught the American English), if there's any grotesque mistake, please let me know. As any other writer your opinion is everything to me and I would love to hear it (read it or whatever. I'll post the first two Chapters (Peter and Lily) and the others will come as you demand in the review section hahahaha.Just reminding the rating (T) and one of the genres (Drama), for those who melt easily: prepare a tissue box, I cried all over this while writing. Another reminder: Pay attention to the dates so you can follow the storyline!I really hope you enjoy and review it!Disclaimer: I could never create this by myself, everything (except Liss and this storyline) belongs to the fabulous J.K Rowling.The eyes, laugh and lies of Anneliss YorkPeterI was trembling, like I always am when I'm nervous, in the the past year that meant all the time. It was more than uncomfortable being here, seeing her face with full smile on the portrait, her shining white teeth glimmering and her eyes were more than I could take, I would dream with those eyes forever. Sirius was sitting next to the window looking out to the garden with a creased parchment between his fingers, Remus told me he haven't said a word since the funeral started, he seems dead inside, the only human being he looks in the eyes is his daughter, Myra. The one we could not reach.Someone is telling us to remember all the times we passed with Anneliss that would be forever in our minds, I can say that the night before last would never leave my mind. The things I've done would never leave my mind.October 31st, 1974Halloween dinner, I used to wait the whole year for this day, I thought about starving myself a little today so I could fit more in and decided not to have my afternoon snack. When the table was set I stuffed everything at my sight in my mouth, I had even to fight with Liss for a pumpkin cupcake."Easy you two, you look like pigs" said James and I felt bad for myself. Always the joke, the one who couldn't compare. I started to hear someone someone spoofing the sound of a pig, I turned my head and saw Liss with a wrinkled nose making the noises to James and Sirius, that warmed me somehow and I joined her. After the good laugh we resumed our duties eating everything in sight.September 26th, 1981It was warm outside, very warm, almost hot I would say. I was running between cigarette butts and dead insects, all my senses heightened in my rat form, I was going to meet my companions to the job of the night, they couldn't understand how could I have become someone so important to the Lord, but I was, he trusted me, I was important for the first time. Even thinking about his trust I couldn't help but feel the unease of betraying the ones I called friends for so long.Of course Merlin would make both children 'special', they were James Potter and Sirius Black after all, not even a child of them could be bloody ordinary! The orders were clear, kill the parents, get the child alive. That meant that Sirius would be no longer alive tonight, unfortunately, it would have been good if they could see that there's no fight with the Lord, he's already the winner."You are late, Pettigrew" Bella Lestrange, ever so gentle! "Show us the way already""Follow me!" I try to sound confident, and hope they buy itThree cloaked figures follow me through the muggle neighborhood, Sirius and Anneliss weren't telling anyone where they were staying, they were moving every other week, I guess the life they were living was nothing like they imagined it would be. I actually thought about them as a singing and irritating couple, like they were back at school.We found ourselves in front of a house that seemed really humble, you could never see if someone was living there, but a slip from Sirius two nights before was all that I needed. I would be the one who brought the marked girl to the Lord.I kept my mask on my face, while Bellatrix walked with a sick smirk on her lips, that woman is sadistic, she gives me goosebumps. She blew up the door but nothing seemed out of the normal, Dolohov and Yaxley ran up the stair so they could search the house, but it seemed empty until I heard a voice coming from the living room on my left side, Anneliss stood by the unlit fireplace with a fiery look in her eyes."I imagined it would be you who would come, Bellatrix" she said courageous, like the gryffindor she was "Who else was going to be my executioner?""Crucio" Bella's lips were curved on the most sadistic smile I've ever seen, I was trying not to tremble, but the screams that came from Anneliss' mouth were piercing through my skin, crawling in my insides."Where's the girl?" Bella asked wickedly."You will never have her" Anneliss answered in a fierce voice and I was caught up in a line of pure red blood leaking from her mouth, Yaxley and Dolohov had came back saying that there was no one else in the house, Bellatrix hexed her again and again until tears were flowing from her eyes and blood was shedding through her nose, I was disgusted."It must be sad" Anneliss said in a small and clogged voice "To know that the man you loved gave his heart to me". Bellatrix hexed her once more and I couldn't take it anymore."Just kill her already, Lestrange" that was when she looked at me, laying there on the ground, surrounded by her own blood, she looked inside my eyes and I felt naked, she'd recognised me, and in that look she gave me I could see the disappointment, the anger and the disbelief, a single tear made its way to her chin before a blinding green light took the room and Anneliss Black ceased to exist.
