Hey this is just an idea I had. A story where voldermort never returns and Fred and George don't leave school. Ravi is short for Parvati and this first chapter just establishes characters. So enjoy...Disclaimer the Harry potter story line and characters does not belong to me but to jk Rowling. The oc's do and the things like the ivy hut I made up. I know there are different friendship groups. It was the coldest morning of the month by far. The new term was almost beginning but for more a child hood was almost over. On this bitter day very few students were roaming the halls, walking the passages and some even studying. Since the "incident" with professor Lupin being a were wolf in third year Hogwarts had remained a sanctuary of learning nothing merely more than a school. Now it was the holidays and the start of a last year for twenty four young adults that stayed for the summer break. Now this very morning I want to begin this tale with two of the most mischievous young wizards of their time identical by appearance and by mind. You see for Fred and George Weasley learning wasn't enough, they wanted this year to go out with a bang. So with this in mind let me begin a story of warning, you should never party with magic.Friday the 11th of AugustGreat hallFred and George 11:37 amFred and George Weasley were sitting alone in the great hall. Between them spread along the table were piles of paper with lists and names. Fred was perched on the edge of the desk fiddling with the quill in his hands. His blue shirt casually unbuttoned at the collar and his shoes kicked off on the floor. He was in a heated argument with his brother and every minute or so would run his large hands through his long ginger hair and twitch his nose it was somewhat his signature trait."All I'm saying brother is that nothing ever happens. I mean I know this is a school, but next year is our last. I just think that this party is the perfect way to start this off." Fred stated. George looked up at him wearily. Fred was so stubborn and persuasive, that was the difference between the two of them, Fred had the balls and he the brains. George knew he wanted this party too but their was only twenty four of them here and he knew not all of them might agree. Hermione, Romy and Lola for example, especially considering what there party's were known for. He signed and rolled up the sleeves of his green shirt, mimicking his brother by running his hands through his hair, which was shorter and slightly lighter than his brothers."Fred I know and I want this "party" too happen but who would agree? Who would we even ask?" Fred grinned at his brother and stood up placing his shoes back on his feet."George they will mate, we will ask lavender and Ravi to spread the word. Come on this will be the spirit lift every one needs?" George looked at Fred and sighed. He knew he would never win, so with a reluctant nod he stood up gathering some papers."OK then, lets go find the girls."Lavender and Parvati 11:45amHallway.Lavender and Ravi were standing in the hallway. They were certainly dressed to impress with there hair in curls and wearing mini skirts and crop tops and were unsurprisingly gossiping."Oh Lav did you hear about slutty Cloe getting that nose job to get with Draco? Good her name suits her she is such a slut! I mean you know her friend hope ugh with the weird hair and too much eyeliner. Oh wait look there's Fred and George.!" Sure enough as Ravi said Fred and George came walking up to them, well strutting over with a large and worrying grin plastered on their faces."Oh my God there grinning." Lavender said nervously. Ravi giggled at her expression and then ran over to them."Well ladies don't you two look ravishing?" George greeted hugging Ravi. He rubbed his hands together and then nudged George who was staring far to obviously at lavender's tits."Yeah, Hi! Wow Lav I swear your tits get bigger every time I see you!" Fred exclaimed winking at her. Lav blushed scarlet and George and Ravi burst into hysterical giggles."Nice to see you too Fred!" Ravi smirked punching him in the shoulder. He winced and then rubbed his arm. "So why you two even Here then?" She asked."Oh thanks!" George frowned. "We actually need a favour!""A favour, from you two?" Lav chimed raising an eyebrow. With Fred and George you could end up green if you agreed to help them."Yes actually don't worry you won't blow up, we are having a party and need you two to spread the word. It's fancy dress. In the ROR at midnight." George explained. The Girls turned to each other before giggling and running off down the hall!"Well I take that as a yes then!" Fred said rubbing his arm again.Ginny, Blaise and Theodore. 11:59Quiditch pitch.Ravi and lavender ran hand in hand, giggling to find Blaise and Theodore exactly where they knew they would be staring at Ginny practising Quiditch. Those boys were completely in love with her, but from the way they denied it you could easily disagree. Lav and Ravi however knew all the secrets of everyone in the school. Well they weren't the biggest gossips for nothing? They made there way towards the bleachers and located them in the far end of the slytherin stand. There they were as suspected drewling over Ginny with massive erections. They understood why though her practise uniform consists merely of skinny leggings and a red crop top. Sharing a knowing look they ran along the row behind them. They stopped behind there seats. Giggling they climbed over and jumped into there laps. Theodore screamed rather femininly and Blaise cursed to Merlin before he realized who these maniacs were."Shit you twats." He yelped."Oh Blaise!" Lavender purred wriggling around on his lap. "Something feels hard down there." Blaise blushed and then shook his head attempting to keep his cool. Parvati did the same to Theodore and he let out a small grunt before pushing Ravi onto his knees instead."Oh shut up!" Theodore mumbled. "It's not our fault.""Ahh so it's Ginnys fault?" Parvati smirked amused at how uncomfortable the boys were becoming ."Yes." Blaise grunted. "I mean look at her." Theo nodded in agreement."If you like that so much you should see what she wears to bed." Lavender retorted."What?" The boys asked a little to enthusiastically."Nothing" Ravi purred. They both groaned."Anyway.. why are you two here?" Blaise asked frustrated."Because Fred and George are having a party in the ROR at midnight it's fancy dress. Everyone is coming including Ginny." With that they got up, Ravi gently smacked Lavs arse before leaving the boys. The last thing she could hear was them groaning even louder.Harry, Ron and Draco. 12:23pmHagrids hut.The girls were dawdling down to the next guests of their desire. From up where they were on the path to Hagrids hut they could tell that they were in some heated argument not something you would want to get in the middle of if you could help it. It is true Ron and Harry were the most argumentative people in their year especially when it came to arguments with a certain blonde called Draco. Usually their arguments were over nothing more than Quiditch. Although even they usually ended up deadly and if you weren't quick enough to step in front of one of them, someone might not be there tomorrow. Ravi grabbed Lavenders hand and gave it squeeze signalling they were ready to face their wrath. They continued to walk towards them separating themselves as they got closer to the guys. This is when they did what they knew best. Flirted, Ravi squeezing inbetween Harry and Ron and linked her arms with there's. Lavender targeted Draco whom she knew would be the hardest to calm down. She wrapped her hands around his neck and started gently biting at his pulse. She and Ravi snickered as they watched him try and fail to continue arguing."Lavender, stop that I am trying to prove a very important point to potter and weasel here."" He grumbled, yet not stopping lavender from doing it. Ron and Harry snickered. They loved how easily his dick took over his mind. Ravi seeing this frowned a little before sliding her hands down to grope there arses. They squirmed a little before they realised what she was doing."Now, now boys. Play fair. We don't want another great war, do we? If this is about Quiditch again I will get the virgin brides down here to hex your mouths shut.""Don't call them that, especially not Hermione please." Harry spoke up. Lavender frowned."But it's funny." She stated."Yeah well no one calls you guys.. you guys the sluts? Do they?" Ron argued spitting slightly in Ravi's face."Yeah well that's not the point, your brothers have decided to hold a costume party. You three are invited obviously all you need to do is be in the ROR at midnight OK?" Ravi snapped."Fine!" Ron snapped. With that Ravi got up and walked off. Lavender running closely behind."Nice work weasel." Draco snapped.Ella, Rory, callum and Dante. 12:43Edge of forbidden forest."Ughhhhhhhhh! He frustrates me!" Ravi screamed. As they walked towards the forbidden forest. Lavender nodded sympathetically."Ever since Ron thinks my sister purposely broke up Bill and Fleur. He thinks he has to hold some vengeance against me." She continued, she paused by a rock and sat down. "Lavender you understand right. You know she couldn't help loving him. Cece and Bill always did like each other." Lavender nodded again.."Ravi calm down it was not your fault nor was it Cece's fault. Now we still have people to invite that will take your mind off this. Ok?" Lavender smiled at her friend."Ok" she replied. Lavender truly is the best friend ever she thought. They were now at the forbidden forest. Most of the students as the name suggests would have stayed away from somewhere "forbidden" but being in Hogwarts nothing ever stayed truly about of bounds. So every weekend students could be seen exploring or walking around the edge in the need to feel rebellious. And that evidently is where lavender and Ravi knew they could find there friends. They started walking around the edge hopping to come across life forms, when two voices came seeping through a gap in the trees. Being lavender and Ravi they had the gifts to tell a persons voice from across the world and straight away knew that it was the schools newest love birds Ella and Rory."So Ella, what do you say about going on a date with me beautiful? " Rory asked his Scottish accent muddling his words, his accent much like seamus' was really thick when they were nervous. Ella's soft angle like laughter floated through the air as she flipped her copper hair over her shoulder."Oh Rory." she sighed dreamly her Scottish accent less present, but seeping through just enough to distinguish it."Awh" Ella and Rory smiled at the girls who were oogling over the little love fest display. Ella giggled and caused Rory to turn Scarlett."He's truly wonderful isn't he." She sighed to them."She... you too are so lucky to have found each other." They murmered in chorus. Lavender finally snapped back to reality and handed the couple a piece of paper."Its an invitation the details are on here." She said smiling. Rory nodded in gratitude and the girls turned to walk off."Dante and Callum are by the ivy hut if your looking for them." Ella called out."Thanks" lavender chimed back, turning to walk in that direction."Where did you get the invites from?" Ravi asked, her head a daydream."Oh I conjored some, it's easier, you know, than having to explain our selves a million times." She answered. Ravi nodded and they continued to walk silently. Slowly the first signs of ivy appeared. Climbing up the trees and forming shapes. Then finally the Ivy hut appeared as the name suggested it was literally a hut formed out of Ivy. Only the students knew about even though Harry always said he thought Dumbledore must know it is there . However this was the students hideout and where you would look first when wanting to find someone. Sure enough on the huge tree stump in the middle of it sat Dante and Callum looking at a magazine (more than likely play witch) the girls approached them cautiously and lingered behind them."Sneeking up on a psychic is never a good thing to do. You should know that by now." Dante spoke never turning around. The girls giggled."You know mate I will never get used to that." Callum said laughing. He looked the girls and smiled at Ravi. He grabbed her waist and pulled her onto his lap. Ravi giggled and Lavender sighed rolling her eyes and sat down next to Dante."Why do they not just go out already? Lavender whispered to Dante."Because Callum has commitment issue after cloe screwed him over." Oh yeah Lavander thought."Did you hear about what Cloe did to get with Draco." Lav asked curious to just how much of a bitch he thought cloe was."Yes, I know, anyway are you not here in the first place, to tell me about a party.?" He sighed in frustration."You're too bloody psychic for your own good" she said. He simply laughed and told her to go inform the others, taking his advice and after five minutes of convincing Ravi they "really did have to go" they finally walked off heading towards the library for there hardest job yet. Convincing the three virgin brides that they had to come.Hermione, Romilda and Lola. 1:00 pmLibrary.Ravi and Lav walked into the library. Which also happened to be the second home of the three witches. They smiled to madam pince as they walked in and she directed them to the smallest table at the back of the Library near the restricted area. Sure enough the familiar scratching of quills behind a massive stack of books on the hard oak came walking into their ears. They stumbled amongst the bookshelves and tables until they could see the heads they had been searching for. They were ingrosed in books and once in a while making scrawly notes."Hey you two" Lola murmured her eyes never leaving the page she was searching. The girls pulled up chairs and sat down just behind Romy."Hey girls, do you wanna come with us to a party?" Lav questioned picking up one of the books examining it then chucking back down again."If you are referring to one of Fred and Georges "legendary" gatherings then I and my companions are the wrong people to be asking." Hermione murmered as she put the book Lavender had just looked at back in the right pile."Oh come on Mione, me and Lola want to go." Hermione raised an eyebrow at her friend, although sure enough she saw Romy's exited smile and Lola's furiously nodding head. She sighed and contemplated it for a few moments before sighing again."Fine where is it?" Lav fished an invite out of her pocket. With that the two girls got up. Giving each other a little high five as they left.Quad. 1:20Ayla, Mayla, Dean and Seamus.The girls walked towards the quad to find the others. Soon enough they could see Mayla and Ayla in a rather competitive game of exploding snap with Dean and Seamus. Before they could get any closer Dean spotted them just as a loud bang went off."Careful girls, mind your selves." He cautioned. "Don't worry Dante told us bout the party and we all said we would come, he also said don't be annoyed at him he can't help being who he is!" He shouted. They looked at each other a burst out laughing before walking away satisfied. They never saw the look of bewilderment on Deans face. Well that was easy.Pansy, Mia and Axel. 1:29Divination tower.Ugh they new what had to be done. Also why they kept it till last. The three queen bitches even if Axel was a guy he still deserved the title. Talking to them was like swimming with jellyfish. You couldn't stay there a minute without wanted to rip out there extensions and strangling them with them. They were almost perfection you had to admit and throughout the years Pansy had become a little less pug and a lot more hot, however much it hurt every one to admit. Cloe and Axel were both blonde an tanned with nose jobs and pure white teeth something out of an American high school movie that the muggles watched. Realising they couldn't deal with faceing rejection or humiliation from them they carefully decended the stairs of the tower sliding the invite under the door and then running away like Lunatics. At least that monstrous chore was done an They could get ready to party.
