A/N so I've had this in my head a while and finally decided to get it wrote.I love re-sorts so much, so this is gonna feature mass OCC, some non-cannon relationships and a few student's as Riddles, because i love little Riddle kids :3Disclaimed: I don't own any character your recognize, not the Harry Potter stories, i just own this plot twist and my OCC'S.ONE:After the war, the students of Harry Potter's year all returned, for an Eighth year, to do their N.E.W.T.S, since the war affected all of the grades and teaching.The sorting hat decided now was the time to create a new song.'A resort seems needed,With consequences if unheeded.The Loyal, wise, cunning and brave,Qualities to be taken to the grave.But some of you have changed,And through house's much be exchanged.Could an Eagle be destined to be a Snake?Causing new friendships to form, and old ones to break?Or a badger destined to be a Lion,Disinherited as a scion.No matter where you move today,Remember there is no black or white, only gray,Stop being as timid as a mouse,Come forth, embrace a new house.Eldest first,For they are the worst,So many of them have changedThey are most in need to be rearrangedStep Forth Step forth,Your house awaits that shall be yours from henceforth!'The eighth years were forced up, and to line up, the Hufflepuff's went first,Hannah Abbott and Justin Finch-Fletchly went to Ravenclaw, where they sat happily that their knowledge had been acknowledged.Ernie Macmillan, Sally-Anne Perkins and Wayne Hopkins remained in Hufflepuff, much to their joy, of not being one of these 'Changed Souls' the students were already calling them.Zacharias Smith and Susan Bones took their place in Gryffindor, while Megan Jones went to Slytherin, as the only Hufflepuff in that house.Ravenclaw went next, Michael Corner and his twin Mikelea stayed in Ravenclaw with Stephen Cornfoot, Su Li, Trevor Boot and Mandy Brocklehurst went to Hufflepuff with a huff (hehe) while Kevin Entwhistle, Morag Macdougal,and Padma Patil took a seat in Gryffindor,This left Lisa Turpin and Anthony Goldstein in Slytherin, no surprise for Anthony, considering he was a cruel student. Lisa sat with Megan, as the two knew each other from Charms, while Anthony sat at the edge of the table with the Firsties, who had been sorted prior to the resort, as he had been rejected by the older students, for his cruel personality.Slytherin were forced to go next, by Mcgonagall who seemed to be putting off the Gryffindor resort, in the hopes of keeping her cubs for longer.Millicent Bulstrode found herself in Grffindor, which set off sniggering, as she burst into tears, mascara smudged down her cheeks, and he loud wailing echoing the silent hall. Gregory Goyle went to Hufflepuff, which he didn't seem to mind, and looked rather happy to sit beside Trevor Boot and Wayne Hopkins.Pansy Parkinson and Theodore Nott found themselves in Ravenclaw, much to everyone surprise, considering Pansy wasn't viewed as smart.This left Blaise Zabini, Draco Malfoy, Daphne Greengrass and Tracey Davis still in Slytherin, meaning this house had kept most if its original members over any other house.Gryffindor went last, but not by protest from Ron."I CAN'T BE RESORTED, I'M A GRYFFINDOR, WHAT COULD HAVE CHANGED?! I HELPED DEFEAT THE DARK LORD, I'M PART OF THE GOLDEN TRIO, I REFUSE!""MR WEASLEY! Silence yourself immediately and comply with the sorting hat's wishes or you shall be expelled!" Mcgonagall shouted in response,Begrudgingly, the Gryffindors sat to resorted.Initially it seemed no one would change, when both Parvati Patil, (who finally got to sit with her sister) and Seamus Finnigan were placed in Gryffiindor. However, Leanne Moon found herself in Hufflepuff after them, and Dean Thomas in Ravenclaw, followed swiftly by Neville Longbottem.Lavender Brown also went to Hufflepuff, with a few tears, at leaving her house.This left the Trio."Ladies first." Harry grinned cheekily, letting Hermione up first.'Slytherin.'Smiling widely, the 'Gryffindor's Golden Girl,' bounced over to the snake pit and down beside Draco Malfoy and Tracey Davis."Say what?-" Ron exclaimed, as Harry shook his head to silence the Redheaded Weasley, taking a seat.'SLYTHERIN.'Finally in the house he was meant for, Harry took a seat beside Hermione, finally free of the 'Gryffindor Price' title that chased him everywhere, with high expectations in its footprints.Ron looked both livid and hopeful, livid that his friends had 'turned' into Snakes, but hopeful that is 2/3's of the trio had gone to Slytherin, surely he would follow? Right?'Hufflepuff.'Ron looked mortified, and began to protest, but remained silent in fear of being expelled.The seventh years went next, Hufflepuff first again, Steven Capper went to Ravenclaw, along with Melinda Bobbin, while Harold Dingle found himself in Gryffindor, along with James Dorny. Barb Dustan stayed in Hufflepuff with Lys Colinson. From Gryffindor, Geoffrey Hooper went to Hufflepuff while his twin sister went to Slytherin. Vicky Froisher went to Ravenclaw and Brythol Tonvin stayed in Gryffindor with Rysa Hewdeb and Ginny Weasley. In Ravenclaw, Lif Jones and Olivia Peterview remained in their house, along with several other members, Luna Lovegood went to Slytherin with Cerskel Gabel, and Miya Thomas went to Gryffindor.It seemed less and less students moved in the lower years, from Slytherin, only two students swapped house, Coleen Hay went to Ravenclaw, and Brandy Mason went to Hufflepuff.The sixth year saw only Ava Bardsley join Gryffindor from Ravenclaw, Corina Fuller go from Gryffindor to Ravenclaw, along with Peyton Horne from Hufflepuff. Hufflepuff gained only Hollias Akers from Slytherin, while Slytherin gained a lone Ravenclaw, Kaidy Daniels.Fifth year saw only one student move, Kris Buck, who went from a shy Hufflepuff to a Gryffindor. Fourth saw no one at all move but Lorriane Eve into Hufflepuff from Slytherin, Ettie Reeve into Gryffindor from Hufflepuff and Marline Holmes into Slytherin from Hufflepuff, third however saw more change then expected, Quinn Welch moved from Gryffindor to Hufflepuff, Gladwin Abram went to Ravenclaw from Hufflepuff, lastly, London Stark and Brianna Snape went from Ravenclaw to Slytherin.Brianna was quiet a shock, no one had even know there was a Snape heir, and all wondered how she had been missed from their thoughts at her sorting."Ah yes, Brianna Snape transferred as a student, from Vonda Academy for Potions and Dark Arts last year, however with circumstances, she was not announced."Second year saw no one at all move, except a Gryffindor, Arya Atkinson, who joined Slytherin.The feast started, albeit rather late, leaving the houses to interact with its new members,"So, Granger, a Slytherin?" Draco taunted, and Hermione simply laughed,"So Malfoy, still a Slytherin?" She taunted back, even if it was a lame response, it still made him smile."Glad to have you guys, so who have we got?" Draco asked, all of the new Slytherin's had sat at one end, away from the rest of the houses, with Draco's gang of remaining Snakes."Molly Hooper, pleased to make all y'all's acquaintances! As ya can all pro'lly tell, I'm from America, moved here a few years ago." A short yet outgoing girl declared, from the sixth year, she had a dark shade of brown as a hair colour, and the style made it seem rather large and poofy."I'm Cerskel Gabel, Lord of the Gabel and Freeman lines." The proud pureblood spoke, finally free of Ravenclaw."And I'm Luna Lovegood, as your probably know, and if your dare claim me to be Looney, I'll hex you to China and Back, facade dropped, here i am, respect the fact i was acting, Okay? Okay."Harry looked rather bemused at Luna, who was a strong potioneer and defiantly not crazy, just a good actor. He had know her since fourth year, he'd met her in Diagon Alley, as her true self."So, Arya, right?" Draco questioned the young metamorphmagi second year sat right beside him."Yes. I am Arya.""Your the only second year to move, and into here? Bonus," Draco grinned, giving her the best welcomes he could."Thanks, i do try to please."This had the group laughing.The two third years, Brianna Snape and London Stark revealed themselves as cousins, with a twin-like sense, meaning they finished each others sentences, both had similar shockingly black hair, however Brianna had bright emerald eyes, while London had jet black eyes.Marline Holmes was a perceptive child, who lived in London, with the most curled black hair to give Bellatrix Black a run for her magic.Kaidy Daniels, the sixth year, was the younger cousin of Blaise Zabini, so the two were instantly chatting. Anthony Goldstein had found himself befriending Cerskel Gabel, who didn't seem to mind the cruel child, while Megan Jones, Lisa Turpin and Hermione Granger all sat talking to Tracey Davis and Daphne Greengrass, leaving Harry awkwardly talking to Draco Malfoy."Um, so..." He started, only to be cut off."Harry." Draco said, shocking The Boy Who Lived nearly off his chair."That's your name, is it not? I have no rivalry between my own housemates, whatever we had between up, I can forget, besides, you always did strike me as a Slytherin, since first year.""So, we cool then?""Yes, and you more then welcome to call me Draco, if you so choose.""Thank you- Draco.""Glad to see you making up." Hermione shouted from further down."Can i make an announcement!" Mcgonagall exclaimed, silencing the hall, and directing all eyes to her."Thank you, now, as you know, Hogwarts has been very effected, it seems many once popular subjects have been completely removed since Dumbledore became head, and slowly we would like to reinstate classes, some are muggle related, while other magic, some even see you as a whole school classing together.""There is a sign up sheet in each of your common rooms, simply place your name next to your desired class, the class list shall have the class name, what it is about and what years it is open to. You can sign up for as many as you want, as none of these classes clash, and some are at weekends or night, so we wise when choosing, not to pick too many."This left the hall chattering excitedly about what classes there could be."Do you think they'll have flying? Its stupid having it just for first years!""What muggle classes could they have? I hope its not maths!""What's maths?""Numbers and stuff.""Oh that sounds lame.""It is."The feast came to an end, leaving the students to go to their common rooms, or for some, new common rooms."So we'll all be in one dorm right?" Lisa asked,"Yeah, it'll be us two, Megan, Tracey and Daphne, although Luna and Molly might be with us, since they are the only female Slytherin's in there year,""They might get put with Kaidy.""Yeah maybe, we'll see when we get their i guess."Once in the common room they found a huge mass of Slytherin's around the sign up sheet, at the top they could just about read 'All signup's closed at 2am."Why not come back later?""Sure."On the way to the dorms, one of the portrait came alive."You are the transfers right?""Some of us.""Good. I have been informed to tell you the arrangements, due to the lack of people joining Slytherin, and the mass amount that left, we have dormed Miss Daniels, Miss Hooper, Miss Lovegood, and Miss Davis together. Miss Snape, Miss Stark and Miss Atkinson together. Miss Turpin, Miss Greengrass and Miss Jones together, and finally Miss Granger and Miss Holmes you will be aloud to choose your dorm.""I'll go with Tracey." Hermione admitted, not wanting to leave the eighth year with a 7th and 6th."I'll go with London." Marline sighed, choosing to dorm with the younger students.This made three doors appear, names wrote on them in a cursive text, signaling whom had which room, which they all entered respectively."So, this is nice." Kaidy joked, seeing the five beds, two on each side, one near the window, and a small walk on balcony. The room was doused in green and silver shades, and wooden snakes were carved into the bedposts, but it wasn't as cold and terrifying as they expected, infact it looked rather cozy."Haha, i guess." Tracey murmured, having already spent 7 years in a room like this."So, do you guys wanna go try and barge through for the classes or wait till later?""Well I might go try now, but you can try whenever if you want." Kaidy exclaimed, she was definitely an outgoing and loud student."I am going to wait, till about 1." Molly timidly spoke,"I agree. I'll wait till 1." Luna replied."I'm gonna try now." Tracey announced, going downstairs again with Kaidy. Hermione remained where she was too, waiting till later when it was less busy and hectic."So, I'm Hermione.""I know." Molly nodded."Everyone does." Luna added."I'm Molly Hooper, my brother Geoffrey went to Hufflepuff.""Oh Geoffrey Hooper, he was on the Quidditch team, right?""Yeah.""Gryffindor's Quidditch is going to crash now.""Probably.""Do you fly Hermione?""Urm... well I do, but I claim to be scared of flying, I didn't want Ron or Harry pestering me to go flying with them when i wanted to study, but yes, i think I'm a fairly good flier.""I fly too, but Geoffrey never let my try for team, said i'd ruin his limelight..." Molly admitted disappointedly."We could all try out this year!" Luna burst out,"Haha, we could... but I wanna check out the classes first, I don't want to do too much."Tracey and Kaidy took this moment to return."Its hectic out there!" Kaidy shrieked, but laughed straight after."Yup." Tracey nodded in agreement,"Did you choose classes?" Luna asked"Yep, I chose Sport, and Art." Tracey explained,"And i chose Art, and Music." Kaidy finished."Ooo, sounds fun." Luna grinned.The dorm chatted among themselves for the evening, and through into the morning, at 1 Luna, Molly and Hermione made their way out to sign up.Blaise was also there signing up, beside Megan Jones, other then that the place was empty."Hey Megan." Hermione greeted the Hufflepuff she knew from Potions."Oh hey Hermione. That was really nice what you did for Tracey, earlier.""It's no problem, I just didn't think she'd want to be the only 8th year in that dorm.""Blaise was just telling my about the boys dorms." Megan explained"Yeah, I'm with Draco and Harry, and then Goldstein is with Gabel and Daniel Jenkins, he's some 5th year, poor soul, stuck with those two.""Ouch.""Mh, He wont last the year, poor kid.""So what classes is there?"The list was endless, and most classes looked full.There was an advanced Potions class, taught as a whole school, mixed years and houses, but you'd have to pass a test to get in, making it rather hard for the younger students.There was Sport, Art, Music, Dance, Singing, Sciences, even a Dragon class, there was also an outdoor activity one, much like army training and residential's, and at the bottom a Advanced Flying course."I think i'll do Music," Luna smiled, writing her name next to it."Me too, and Dance." Molly nodded, writing her name twice."Well i'm doing Sport, Dragon Taming, Flying, and the Outdoor Courses one." Blaise grinned."I might just do Art..." Megan trailed"Awh, all the girlies are too scared to do any of my classes." Blaise taunted."Not at all." Molly replied but made no move to sign her name."Well it looks like it, Night girlies, enjoy your drawing and dancing." Blaise snickered. Leaving back for his dorm."Well I'm just doing art, night guys." Megan sighed and followed Blaises example, heading to bed."Do you want us to wait Hermione?""No its fine, i might be a while." Hermione mumbled, sending Molly and Luna to bed.Draco was next in the room, entering just after Luna and Molly had gone."Mia!" Draco exclaimed in a loud whisper, making her turn and smile."Hey Draco, How's Narcissa, Lucius?""Great, and how is Regina and Tom?""Oh they're fine now, glad Harry freed them.""Mh, so what class are you doing, Blaise taunted us because none of us signed up for his classes, the rest of the girls chose like Dance and Art and Music.""Probably the Potions, Sport, Outdoor Course, Flying and Dragon Taming. Oh and Music!""Quite a list.""You know me, Mia, I like a challenge.""Well I'll do the same as you then, and prove Blaise wrong.""And you'll pass better then him and them too." Draco laughed, knowing full well, out of School Hermione, or Mia as she preferred, was a very different girl."Goodnight Draco.""Goodnight Mia."
