Chapter One: No One to Hear My Screams.Disclaimer: I do not own any of the material written by J. K. Rowling or her publishing company.Harry Potter ducked a well aimed Bat-bogey hex and hid behind the table of his hotel room. Quickly he clenched his wand and tried to disapparate but soon realized that he must have been hit by an Anti-Dissaparation Jinx. "Drats," he growled just as his attacker banished the table.Non verbally, Harry cast a quick, "Finite Incantatum," on the while it flew back to the ground he launched himself across the room. Just as he hit the floor he saw a Knee Reversal Jinx crash into the now firmly in place table."Please honey, STOP!" The desperate Potter beseeched of his wife. Ginny Potter merely released a hiss and shot a vicious Stinging Hex at him. Harry gulped and ducked. "You don't understand," he began hurriedly; "There have been five reports of three top level death eaters."His wife did not even pause, gripping her wand with her right hand and holding her pregnant belly with her left hand. Relentlessly she fired off several Sardine Hexes in a row. "And why, pray tell, can you not allow the other Aurors to do their jobs?" Demanded Ginny, she was about to toss another Hex at him when he responded. "Antonin Dolohov is one of them" Stunned, Ginny dropped her wand."Oh Harry," she said sadly, "Why didn't you just tell me that?" He glared daggers at her, "I never got the chance, I said the ministry called me in and you shot a Reductor Curse at me." Ginny looked at the floor guiltily, secretly blaming her intense hormones. "It was just that the point of us going to Egypt without Albus and James was to be together before the baby comes.""You know why I have to go," Harry said, and it was true. Antonin Dolohov had been responsible for the death of Remus Lupin. Professor Flitwick had defeated the death eater in a duel but his stunner had worn off after the defeat of Voldemort, allowing Dolohov to escape."Go," said Ginny, "I can just go on a pyramid tour tomorrow." Harry looked up and smiled, "Thank you for understanding honey." Then she watched as he snatched a cloak and apparated to Britain. Ginny sighed; there was no reason for her to prolong this trip to Egypt. Her sons were at her mums while her husband was now gone. The only family miles around her was her unborn child.Holding her hand over her belly, Ginny whispered sadly, "Lets go see those pyramids."The blinds blocked out all of the sun when Ginny awoke at noon the next day. The pregnant witch pulled herself out of bed and snatched her wand from the table. Flicking it around her she lifted the blindfolds, performed Cleansing Charms and changed her clothes.Then she grinned at her belly which held a kicking baby. When her shoes danced onto her feet and tied themselves she walked out of the door into the hotel hallway. Eight months pregnant, Ginny waddled all the way to the lobby. She ignored glances from the pretty Egyptian witches and the wizard selling the Daily Prophet. The headline was, "Dark Witch's Body Discovered in Medieval European Tomb." Finally she made it out and walked down the alley way to the meeting point of the tour group. The alley she was waddling in looked like Diagon Alley. It led to several different alleys and had lots of magical stores. The only differences were that there was an overwhelming amount of sand and this alley led into the wizarding portion of the Saharan desert.Five minutes later she made it to the end and she was forced to put on a Sun Protection Charm due to the overwhelming heat. As the other tourists began to show up, so did Abasi, the tour guide. "Hello," he began flashing a cheery smile, "I hope you all remember how to ride the flying carpets." Then he held out the pile he held in his arms.Ginny waited for everyone else to get one until she stepped up and pulled a purple rug from his arms. Then he gave them a brief safety introduction as required and they took off. As Ginny flew into the bright blue sky she once again remembered what a relief it was to fly and not sit on a stick."WE ARE ALMOST THERE, BEGIN TO DROP ALTITUDE." Abasi shouted through the use of a Sonorous Spell. Ginny immediately followed, beating many of the other flyers to it and trailing after Abasi with ease, despite being pregnant. Then Ginny saw the large ruins, cracked and sandy from age. She saw Abasi land in front of the large tomb and was quick to follow lead.When she landed the sand began to kick up making her put an Oculus Protego on her eyes. Then she stood clutching her large belly and conversed with Abasi as the twenty other tourists took ten long minutes to make it back on earth. Abasi made sure all of them were capable of Lumos Charms or at the very least Bluebell Flames, achieving an eye roll from Ginny, before he told them to stay with their partners.The German couple in front of her was entering when Ginny noticed something odd. This tomb in particular was a bit generic. It had steps that led into the ground and the building itself consisted of shoddy walls that arched upwards covering the hole in the ground. The group had visited at least four structures just like this. On the side of the building however was a mural of what Ginny assumed to be an Egyptian deity? She had a golden disk on her head and held an Ankh in her palm.Something about her drew Ginny Potter in. Pulling out her hand book, Ginny searched for who the goddess was and was flipping a page when a Jinx knocked it out of her palms. The red head spun as best as a pregnant woman could and whipped out her wand, stunned by what she saw. Thorfinn Rowle, a death eater who she had hexed into oblivion at the battle of Hogwarts stood there. Further investigation into his malicious eyes revealed that he was glancing shiftily at something behind her.Spinning around Ginny cast a shield and blocked a Blood Boiling Curse. There stood Alecto Carrow, a witch that had tortured her in Hogwarts numerous times and had also gone on the run after the battle. Ginny was frightened in that moment. The odds of two death eaters was already unlikely, but she had the feeling that there was another one. "Where is Dolohov?" Demanded Ginny Potter ferociously."Perceptive," applauded yet another death eater. Dolohov seemingly walked straight out of thin air, meaning she was now cornered to the depiction of the deity. Ginny realized immediately what was going on. These three had tricked Harry into leaving her alone so they could pounce. Ginny was quite sure she would make a great bargaining chip nowadays."Potter really shouldn't leave his toys lying around in the desert." Hissed Carrow. "Stupefy," was Ginny's way of saying shut it you prat. The witch threw herself to the side as Ginny incinerated a launched Incarcerous. Ginny was very frightened though she refused to show it. Her defense skills were rusty, and attacking Harry was not good practice sine he never fought back. To add to this dilemma the entire tour group had gone inside and could take anywhere from minutes to an hour to return making the pregnant witch an easy capture.Thinking of a plan to strike down at least one of them, Ginny dodged a Sectumsempra from Thorfinn Rowle and she threw a Knockback Jinx at him. Then she observed who was the weakest of the group. Rowle seemed to be intent on causing her pain, a sadist perhaps? Maybe she could distract him with pain.Carrow was particularly renowned for her unforgivables. Not renowned enough to cast them non verbally thought Ginny. If she could take away her voice the death eater would be helpless.Then there was Dolohov, her only advantage was that she was pregnant and he was possibly unwilling to damage his bargaining chip. The mother of two could not be sure that it was their intention to take her captive however. Dolohov could just be playing with her until he went for the kill.Ginny blocked another Incarcerous, this time from Carrow, and then she feinted while blocking a stunner from Dolohov. Acting as though she was going to strike Carrow with a spell she turned and instead hit Rowle with a Jelly Fingers Jinx. This momentary cease of fire allowed her to block a vicious hex from Dolohov and throw a strong Silencio at Carrow.By the time Rowle had recovered, Carrow was the unfortunate victim of a Bashing Hex, lying unconscious in the sand. Now Ginny was able to move to the right from the wall. Thorfinn Rowle was seemingly desperate to inflict pain now and launched another Sectumsempra towards her. Ginny Potter decided to let this one hit for the benefit of her plan.When it sliced into her calve she wasted no time, merely holding in her pain and launching a Defodio at him. Rowle was too excited about the pain he had caused her to notice the spell had gouged a chunk out of his chest. Now it was just her and Dolohov, and he would feel her wrath.First she attempted to disarm him and then he blocked that spell and sent a globe of spinning flame at her. Ginny put up a shield in time and realized he was becoming less concerned with the well being of his could be hostage. This was bad; she could not fight Dolohov in her current state.Ginny was also aware of the gash that continued to gush blood, making her increasingly dizzy. "Ventus," she said verbally, not able to muster enough focus for such a powerful spell to cast it with words. The wind began to push at the death eater and whip sand in his direction. Dolohov then cast a Finite and promptly ended her spell.Ginny used the last of her weakened magical core to get help. "Expecto Patronum." Her horse patronus leapt from her wand and began to carry her message to whoever was near enough for help.The witch watched hopelessly as Dolohov twisted his wand and disarmed her. Then his features turned into something angry and feral. Ginny was unprepared for the brutal Smashing Hex he sent right into her stomach. Crumpling to the ground she looked away from him slowly approaching her and towards the image of the deity with the Ankh and the loose garments instead.As Ginny mewed in pain, clutching her broken baby bump, the deity seemed to pop right off the mural. Her straight black hair seemed to glisten; her white robes appeared to swish in the bits of wind left by her Wind Charm. The witch then realized even in her incoherent state this had to be real when the deity stepped on the sand."WHO DO YOU THINK YOU A-," She heard Dolohov begin to roar. The woman merely waved her hand and all noise from that direction was silenced. Ginny could not move because of the agonizing pain, until she shifted her head and began to throw up violently. The bile flowing from her throat was mixed with the metallic tang of blood. The woman came closer, gliding across the sand.Tears were running down Ginny's face, she was unable to scream due to the continuous flow of bile from her throat. The woman in the white shift came close enough to kneel and caressed Ginny's cheek. "M-m- my ch-chil- child. P-p-please." Ginny begged. The woman looked at Ginny sympathetically."I can save your child, young one, but it will come at a price." Ginny felt relief course through her body as she stopped vomiting, presumably due to the deity. "I-I will p-pay any p-price." The deity smiled sadly, "This magic will leave a mark on your child, she will always be different, closer to magic than others. For better or worse." The woman placed a hand on Ginny's stomach and all of the pain left her body.Heaving huge breaths in, Ginny's vision slowly gave in to blackness. Fading in and out, her eyes fixed on something next to her. She had collapsed near her open handbook, a vivid picture on the page. Too weak to feel surprised she realized it was almost the exact same image depicted on the wall of the tomb. Right before she passed out she read what part of the page said, "Isis: Queen of the gods, protector of pregnant women and children. Ginny Potter was did not realize that she had altered the future drastically. Not when the tour guide finally received her patronus, nor when she was in St. Mungo's and not even when she was reunited with her family. Ginny Potter only realized the impact of her decisions when her daughter went to Diagon Alley.Hello, I am trying to do a story that is based more in the future. I feel like my other story is a train wreck, so I will go back and fix it later. Please review and tell me what you think.Next Chapter: Conversations between Fathers and Their Daughters.
