Undying love goes to J.K. Rowling for creating the characters and places I love. If you know it, it's hers (except the Wizard Cops thing, that's all Starkid, sorry I couldn't resist), and if not I'm just grateful I can play in her sandbox.They eventually did the math; at the same moment Adam was punching the opposing Quodpot team's second best player in the nose for breaking his brother's leg, their parents had just put their fingers on a miniature, porpoise-shaped portkey, and disappeared to what the wizard cops and the aurors would later tell them was probably South America. Probably.When the six Williamson siblings did, finally, pull into the driveway of their brick and yellow-stucco suburban Kansas house a half hour after that moment, they were nursing broken bones, bruises, and more then their fair share of burns. They were hoping for nothing more than warm showers, their mother's potions cabinet, and dinner; a hot, homemade dinner.Instead they were all surprised to see a swarm of wizard cops. Thick red tape wrapped quickly around wooden stakes surrounded the house and the charmed green lawn, and there was the distinctly uneven air of recently cast concealment charms. They stared in disbelief at the unexpected intruders, their minds all making up their own horror stories about what would bring this fate on them. Had someone been murdered, was it a house fire, a break in? After a minute a heavyset wizard in black and blue wizard cop robes with cheap gold trim and an uncomfortable looking utility belt around his waist sidled lazily up to the car.Ashing wrenched the door of the passenger's seat open, the window tapping the older wizard in his rounded stomach, and hobbled out. The car was brown, and busted up, but that kept muggles off of it, and away from the charmed buttons that speckled every surface. The oldest son of the Williamson family stood stubbornly on his unbroken leg, a look of anger and confusion etched on every inch of his face, from his dark eyebrows to his square chin. He was not in the mood. He had a badly magicked brace on his leg, dirt everywhere, a worsening black eye, a possible concussion, and now his home was what he could only assume was a crime scene. He looked the cop up and down and waited, arms crossed over his chest.The wizard finally asked, with an air of someone who wanted more authority than they actually deserved, "You the Williamson children?" He tilted his heavy body and looked into the back seat where the four younger siblings were starting to make their way out the far door. He looked at each of them in turn as they got out. Madison and Jeff with burnt blackened arms, and at least one burnt off eyebrow between the two of them tumbled out. Roe, who their Mother wouldn't allow to play Quodpot, had been involved in the post game squabble and had a cut or two but little Quincy basically skipped out of the car unscathed, though nonetheless tired and hungry. "You kids alright?" the cop added raising an eyebrow.Ashing deflated an inch. "We'll live", but as a bit of his anger disappeared, worry crept in. "Is everything okay here? Where are Mom and Dad?" He asked the cop while nodding in the direction of the house.The police officer took a lazy breath, avoiding the question, but not looking like someone about to relay a death notice. He wasn't coddling them. He wasn't offering them ice cream, like the lady who came by to tell them about their grandmother. He glanced at Ashing before his gaze darted back to the house and he decided to explain, "We were trying to arrest them see. Seems like they disappeared right before we got here though." Ashing blinked at the cop, arrest them? Behind him Adam grabbed the back of Roe's shirt keeping him from running off into the house while Madison protectively picked Quincy up off the ground."You don't say." Adam called loudly back to the cop. "So they're not here?" He clarified. The cop shot Adam a suspicious look before turning back to Ashing."No, haven't seen them, but." He paused, and his face started to melt into the bad news face Ashing had been fearing. "We're going to have to take you all in for questioning."Then within minutes, and Ashing's jaw still hanging slack, a mediwitch was called in from the Wichita "Witch-it-all" medical center. She snapped a few potion bottles open, shoved them down the kids throats, waved her wand a few times, and fixed them each up, all while they still sat outside by the car.Their house was a ransacked mess, but they barely had time to look around at the upturned tables and emptied dressers. With the threat of being arrested, and fear in their throats they were ushered inside to get any necessities and to change clothes. Then before Adam could fully crawl out his bedroom window and sneak off to meet Tabitha, their floo was turned back on, and they were bustled away to the government headquarters in Salem, located barely off the campus of the Salem Witches' Institute.It was a long flat building with half flickering neon lights that spelled "Sush" hopefully on one side and displayed a falling down letter K on the other. In between were only the leftover wires, holes and bolts of signs that might have been enticing fifty years previously. Old dumpsters out front gave the entire establishment an unwelcome atmosphere, but thanks to a creative confusion spell no muggles questioned why five days a week several cars were parked out front of the run down strip mall. The siblings, escorted by four cops didn't get to see the outside of the building that day, but flooed straight into the derelict food court.The trip was a simple one though Madison and an unfortunate cop were singed by a hibachi grill after not jumping off the table fast enough. Adam and the cop who had lightly handcuffed him after finding him halfway out a window appeared out of a brick oven that still smelled of bread, pizza and burnt cheese, which reminded Adam sadly of his rumbling stomach.Everyone else slipped easily out of their own fireplaces and they all gathered together at a cobwebbed opening that led to the main hallway. The building was quiet even for a Saturday, and the lights were dimmed throughout the building. The large cop who had talked to them at the car, and had later introduced himself as Officer Fisher, counted heads and then led the way down to a boarded up arcade.On a piece of plywood covering the front door of the arcade Fisher tapped the center of a grafittied anarchist symbol three times, then tickled the stomach of a multicolored painted rabbit next to it. The rabbit hopped away and moments later a small doorway appeared into the blacklit arcade. Fisher squeezed his way into the room first, followed slowly by each of the children and the officers accompanying them. Lights blinked on the many, supposedly broken, game consoles, giving the room a fun but disorienting feeling.Fisher stalked straight up to the Pac-man console at the far end of the room, behind a brightly colored, but upturned table and chairs, and waited for the high scores panel to blink onto the screen. Ashing watched over his shoulder as the cop pressed the down button several times. Finally a bright bar of blue highlighted the initials WCC. "Wizard Cop Central." Adam whispered into his ear. Ashing nodded and six orange, prize-ticket sized nametags printed out. Each had a name and the phrase "Property of WCC" printed in large letters. Fisher turned to the group, ready to pass them out, but as he glanced back down at the names and back up to the children the stuttering look of being overwhelmed by numbers crossed his face.Ashing eventually took pity on him and took the tags out of the man's hand. "Just have to know the presidents." He muttered in the officer's direction as he stuck the ticket that read "Washington" to his own chest. He slapped Adams' on his next oldest brother's chest, and handed Madison and Jeff's theirs, then stuck Roe's "Monroe" ticket on his chest. He knelt down to Quincy's level and stuck hers on. She looked back at him looking slightly peeved. He was uncertain if she wanted to put on her own name tag, or if she just wanted to play with her doll house and was annoyed about this long side trip. Either way he couldn't do anything about it. He sighed and got back up to his feet.Fisher nodded, then escorted them behind the prize table and through a door that opened up into the main offices of the U.S. Department of Magic. The linoleum floors were clean here, and the walls painted white. Ashing unconsciously counted the heads of his siblings, made sure Madison was holding Quincy's hand, and Roe was hovering near Adam.The area was slightly busier than the outside hallway. Hardworking weekend employees or unlucky interns and necessary workers walked the halls with purpose; drinking Eddies Enchanted Coffees and levitating stacks of papers in front of them. Folded notices and leaflets fluttered overhead, some lost because their intended recipients were gone for the weekend, and others speeding toward a known destination.They moved swiftly through the halls, into a side hallway, down a few sets of stairs into what was clearly the basement level and finally into the offices of the WCC, as marked by a few signs, and several guards. Fisher and the three other cops with him were greeted at the entrance by similarly dressed cops with hopeful faces. They stopped at a desk where a woman with a neat brown plait of hair going down her back stood up quickly at the sight of Fisher and asked politely. "Officer Fisher, are these the. . . ?""No." Fisher replied. "Just the kids, get 'em sorted and into a room. I believe our guests wanted to speak to them?" The older children who had been listening in glanced at one another, each wondering if the other had more information than they themselves did. They were all sadly disappointed at seeing the other's confused faces.Fisher took a deep breath and waited as the cop behind the desk slipped around it and glanced over each of the kids.She began a long-winded legal spiel that ended with "If you are carrying such products please dispose of them now, or hand them over to security on your way in." Behind them Fisher coughed, and the woman smiled. "I'm security on the way in, so can I have all dangerous objects?" The children gave the woman deadened looks, then the four with wands handed them reluctantly over, Adam letting Ashing pluck his out of his pocket, as his hands were still tied behind his back."Anything else?" the witch asked, almost cheerily. What was she waiting for? They stared at her for another long moment before she turned back to Fisher. "Alright then." Then both cops waved their wands in the children's general direction checking for any more contraband. Nothing but a few trick treats in Adam's pockets were found and the grumbling group was led through barred doors and down a hallway into a side room with a long metal table down the center.Six chairs had been set up along one side, while only three were set up along the other. Ashing took a calming breath upon entering and walked to the far end of the room. Adam looked back at the younger kids until Madison hustled Roe up to him. He waited until Fisher uncuffed him and then walked next to Roe and they sat at the two chairs farthest from the door. Madison and Jeff sat down next, and Quincy, forgoing her own seat, perched herself on Madison's bony knees. Feeling okay about this set up Ashing sat down next to the girls. Fisher shut the door on them with a click, and the room was suddenly quiet and empty except for the children.Ashing looked around wearily. The walls were grey, the floor as well, everything was as classically foreboding as possible. Interrogations happened in rooms like this, Ashing thought to himself. Terrible interrogations. He looked down the row at his tired and worried younger siblings, wishing that they could all go home. He could stay. He would be the one to stay if this all went wrong anyway. Two months ago he had turned 18, became a legal adult in the eyes of the muggles and United States wizarding world. He still didn't know what his parents had done, what had gotten them in this situation, but he was certain someone was out there sorting it out. Making it all ok. Certainly this was a very large misunderstanding, and his parents would be the next people to walk through the door. They would laugh in their sweet way and then take them all out for dinner, where they could confuse the muggle waiters with easy spells, joke shop pranks, and the constant switching of names, like they had every other time something weird or bad had happened.There was continued silence, broken only by the occasional question from Quincy or Roe, or the scuffle of feet. Time was stretching in the grey room, and just when he suspected that they might have been forgotten, a wizard cop with a stern look snapped open the door. She crossed the room and sat down, without a word, across from Adam. Ashing checked on his almost 17-year-old brother out of the corner of his eyes and saw Adam looking for any place to look that wasn't the woman's stern face. Ashing turned back to the door when he heard the click of the doorknob again. The door slid open and two faces that told him his parents were in trouble for something significantly more potent than j-walking stepped over the threshold.The first man was tall with red hair and the stubble of someone who had been working long hours for too long. The second had black, severely disheveled hair, a matching shadowy beard with flecks of grey, dark circles under his eyes, and, Ashing realized with a quick intake of breath, a lightning bolt scar peaking out from under his locks.Several curse words rushed through his head, both filled with excitement and terror at the circumstances for which this event was taking place. He was very much certain he did not want his first meeting with the famed wizard, and powerful auror Harry Potter, and his equally intimidating once partner Ron Weasley to occur across an interrogation table.
