A/N: Hello Again!  This is part one of a short vignette series in the Moment of Impact World. Not sure how many I'll do in all, but there will be one more part in this first outtake. I promised this some time ago, and apologize for having taken so long to get around to it."Severus?"Severus, sitting on the edge of the narrow bed in the bedroom Molly had assigned him in the Burrow, looked up at the door where Ginny Weasley stood."You're not dressed yet."She was stating the obvious. He was wearing formal grey trousers and a simple white vest. Formal robes  the best he'd ever owned  were hanging on a peg on the wall."I could say the same for you."She smiled, then stepped into the room, turning to close the door behind her."Mum won't let me put on my dress until the very last minute," she said. "But I'm ready  except for Aunt Muriel's tiara. What's your excuse, then?"Severus looked up at her, approving of the simple makeup and hairstyle. A good fit. A perfect spouse for Harry."I have none. I was just  thinking.""About Harry?" Ginny stood in front of his robes and ran her fingers over the embroidered trim."No, about Neville Longbottom," he deadpanned.She smiled. "Are you worried about him?" She dropped her hand to her side and faced him. "About us? Any more than normal, anyway?""I shall be worried about him  about both of you now  until the day I die," he stated. "That, at least, has not changed.""You know what I mean, Severus. Is it about us? Getting married? Do you think we're too young?""Of course you're too young!" He didn't snap, not exactly. But she had asked. "You could be thirty-five and I'd still think you too young."She smiled, understanding, and dropped to sit on the floor in front of him, crossing her legs comfortably. "You recall that we did ask for  and receive  your blessing."He met her gaze steadily, remembering how nervous the two of them had been. "I recall.""And we waited the entire year you requested  plus two extra months.""But not as long as your brother and Miss Granger.""They're getting married in four months, Severus.""I know. Far too young."She laughed. "We're both gainfully employed ""In two of the most dangerous professions in the Wizarding world.""I'll be retiring soon," she said. "Within a year, most likely."He stared at her, realizing the implications of her statement. His stomach flip-flopped. "And Harry?" he snapped, hiding the emotion behind his usual faade."You're more nervous than either one of us, Severus," she said, rising to her knees and taking hold of both of his hands. "Look at my parents  they're perfectly fine.""Perfectly fine? Molly Weasley's only daughter is being married today. She is not perfectly fine. I've provided her with a week's supply of stomach calming potion already."Ginny squeezed his hand and leaned in and kissed his cheek. "Right. I'll give you that one. Not at all fine. But Dad's doing - " She paused as he raised an eyebrow. "Right. Dad's a mess too.""Given that the bride's parents are not fine, is the groom's father allowed a bit of not fine as well?""Severus  you know this changes nothing. Harry and I have practically been living with each other for a year now already. We'll both be living in his flat, and Ron is moving in officially with Hermione, but you know all this already.""Ginevra  Ginny." Severus was shaking his head. "This changes everything. I spent the first thirty five years of my life as a single man  a bachelor  unattached. Then  well, then there was Harry. And for eight years, he has been, for all intents and purposes  my son. My only child. I've never had a spouse or a significant other  I've only ever had Harry. And he  on his own, with only a moderate amount of help from you  has proven to be more than enough to keep me busy.""You don't have to worry about me, Severus," Ginny told him. "My parents do that already, and Harry too, and my brothers."He shook his head, eyes on his soon to be daughter-in-law. "You have been my concern as my student, and as Harry's girlfriend," he said. "You will now move into a permanent position in my  my family." He paused, released a breath. "You will be my son's wife, his partner, the mother of my  of my grandchildren. You cannot  you cannot tell me I don't have to worry about you. You are family." He took her hand in his own. "Family, Ginny. And I do not take the gift, the responsibility, lightly."ooOooRon had been given the responsibility of making sure Harry was fully dressed when he arrived at the Burrow, precisely at three thirty in the afternoon. He had also been directed to make sure Harry ate lunch, and that neither one of them drank anything stronger than butterbeer before the ceremony."I'm just glad you're doing this first," Ron told him as they sat in their flat at two thirty, both of them showered but neither of them dressed in their formal robes."Do you have the ring? Maybe I shouldn't have given it to you so soon. Why don't you let me hold it until we get there?" Harry stood suddenly, wiped his sweaty hand against his shirt then held it out to Ron."Yes I have the ring. Of course I have it. Do you think my sister would ever let me forget it if I lost her wedding ring before the ceremony? I'd have bogeys flying out my nose for the rest of my life, Harry." He shuddered at the thought."Right. Sorry. Nerves." Harry sank back into the chair, fingers tapping on the arm nervously. "Tell me again  why aren't we having a double wedding?"Ron laughed. "Because Ginny and Hermione couldn't agree on dresses, colours, venues, cake  anything," he said. "Don't tell me you've forgotten the argument about bubbles and butterflies?"Harry grinned. Ginny wanted to release a thousand butterflies at the end of the ceremony. Hermione refused to potentially harm butterflies and insisted on bubbles. Ginny had countered by suggesting butterflies within protective bubbles. It had gone downhill from there."How was Severus this morning?" Ron asked."The same." Harry sighed. "He's been a wreck all week. Tense and on-edge. I can't wait for this to be over so we can get back to how things have always been.""You haven't always been my best friend and my brother-in-law," Ron reminded him. "And Severus hasn't always been your dad, either."Harry looked up and stared at Ron a long moment, then shook his head."It seems like he has," he said, smiling. "I can hardly remember what it was like not having one  a father, I mean.""I remember," Ron said. "I remember the Dursleys, anyway, and I remember that summer we broke you out of Privet Drive.""Thanks for that, mate," Harry said, grinning."And the summer you spent with Severus at Shell Cottage while we went to the States with Hermione's parents. We spent most of our time planning how we'd break you out once we got back."Harry grinned again. "If anyone had told me during fifth year that I'd spend the summer with Professor Snape in a cottage by the sea, I'd have thought they were mental.""I love that place," Ron said with a happy sigh."Well, you know I do too." He stared at his hands a minute, then looked at Ron. "Can I tell you something?""Of course you can. What?""And you won't let on to anyone else?""Of course I won't. Not if you ask me not to. So - ?""We're going there for our honeymoon.""To Shell Cottage?" Ron looked confused. "I thought you were going to Portugal."Harry shook his head. "Nope." He grinned. "Besides, if we'd told everyone, they'd all have tried to convince us to go somewhere else  somewhere new. But why go somewhere new when we can go somewhere we already love?" He stood and paced over to the window. "I don't know why I'm so nervous.""Because you're getting married, mate!" Ron glanced at the mantel clock. His eyes widened. "In less than an hour." He jumped up. "Get dressed! I have strict orders to have you at the Burrow at three thirty sharp."Harry paled."Less than an hour?""Go go go!" Ron herded Harry into his bedroom. "And you're supposed to do something to your hair!"Harry skidded to a halt. "My hair? What's wrong with my hair? It's a bit late for a haircut, don't you think?""Just get dressed  Hermione can do something to it when we get to the Burrow. GO!""Fine," grumbled Harry, returning to his room. "But no product!"ooOoo"Unca Harry!"Teddy hurled himself at Harry, who was sitting very still while Hermione finished working on his hair.Harry grabbed the little boy and held him in place between his knees. "Teddy Lupin!" he exclaimed in mock surprise. "What are you doing here?""We came for your wedding," Teddy said. He put one hand on each of Harry's legs and lifted his legs off the floor, swinging his feet in the air. "And we brought a present!"Harry grinned. "Did you, now?"Teddy nodded vigorously and pulled a small package from his robe pocket. It was scuffed and dirty and had obviously been wrapped by Teddy himself.Harry pulled his godson up on his knee. "Should Ginny be here when I open this?"Teddy shook his head vigorously. "This one's for you first," he said in an uncharacteristically small voice. "If you like it, then you can show it to her."Harry considered the small boy. Teddy was definitely anxious about the gift. "Well  let's open it together, alright?"Teddy nodded nervously.A few seconds later, Harry held a small, narrow box in his hand. Hermione and Ron were both watching him now, and he smiled encouragingly at Teddy as he lifted the lid and looked inside. He really had no idea what to expect."Grandma says I can be on more than one," Teddy said, still very quietly, as Harry stared at the perfectly crafted clock hand, adorned with the likeness of his godson. "She says you and Aunt Ginny are going to have your own family soon."Harry was unaccountably touched."Well, guess that spoils one of your wedding presents," Ron murmured.Harry glanced at Ron, eyes wide as he realised what Ron meant. He turned back to Teddy and lifted his chin with one finger."Teddy Remus Lupin," he said, speaking very clearly and looking into the little boy's eyes. "You will always  always  be a part of my family. My family with Severus, my family with Ginny, my family with any children we might have together. I will be honoured to put your hand on my family clock."He closed the box and slipped it into his pocket, and gathered his godson up into a hug. "Thank you, Teddy," he said. "Thank you for being my first little boy."The little boy in question gripped him hard around the neck."Harry?"Harry looked up past the limpet-like creature clinging to him. Severus was standing in the doorway."Hey, Dad."Severus smiled. "It's time."Hermione pried Teddy out of Harry's arms. "I'll see you up there, Harry," she said, leaning in to kiss his cheek. She pushed a straggling piece of hair from his eyes and shook her head. "I can't believe this day is finally here."Severus stood aside as she left the room, leading Teddy by the hand."Well?"Harry stood. He could hear the music outside now. The knot in his stomach  the one that hadn't been there five minutes ago  tightened.Severus walked up to him. He reached out and straightened Harry's collar."Ginevra looks lovely," he said. "And just as nervous as you do  and you don't even have to balance a goblin-made family heirloom on your head as you walk down the aisle."Ron snorted. "I forgot all about the tiara," he said. "Hermione is having a fit about it  doesn't want to wear it and Mum's having kittens."Harry grinned."Ginny is lovely, tiara or no tiara," he said. "And you look great, Dad. Thanks for standing up with me.""I can't believe Severus is escorting Luna," Ron said, smirking at Severus. It said quite a bit about the amount of time they'd spent together these past years that he allowed himself to smirk at the Headmaster of Hogwarts."Miss Lovegood is a charming companion," Severus replied. "She has already assured me she's cleared the venue of nargles.""She's cleared the wrackspurts too, I hope," said Ron. "They can make your brain go fuzzy."The knot in Harry's stomach settled just a bit. He looked from Ron to Severus, then out the doorway where he'd just caught a glimpse of diaphanous white somewhere in the distance."You've got the ring, Ron?"Ron rolled his eyes. "No. Tossed it to the niffler in the garden a while back," he said."Good," said Harry a bit vaguely. He looked at Severus. "You're about to get that daughter you always wanted, you know," he said."I know," Severus said with a fond smile. "I've already been informed."Bill stuck his head in the room. "They're waiting for you," he said, giving Harry an encouraging smile."Right."He squared his shoulders."Ready?" asked Ron."Ready as I'll ever be," Harry answered. "Come on  let's go get married."TBC
