Author's Note: I promise, promise, promise that I will be continuing "By Candlelight". However, this conspiracy bunny would crawl back into its tinfoil cage. The central point of this story, plot-wise, came to me when I was trying to think of why, beyond the expected and easy reasons, purebloods would hate Muggle-borns. Naturally, my mind took the most convoluted route from Point A to Point B.This is just a taste. Let me know if you're intrigued!Hermione Granger, Gryffindor's resident know-it-all, raised her hand, eager to get the attention of her Arithmancy teacher, Professor Vector. The topic for the week, the final week of the summer term, was spell potency and how it might best be calculated.Hermione was fascinated by Arithmancy, which she likened to mathematics. More art than science, however, Arithmancy pierced the Trelawney-esque wooliness that surrounded the rest of her magical education and sought the building blocks of magic, and life itself. For someone with a nature as curious and exacting as Hermione's, it was everything she hoped it would be.There was one major point, however, on which she required clarification."But professor, if we can calculate the power of a spell to the smallest possible kerjigger, why can't we calculate our own potential magical power?"Professor Vector, a dry-voiced woman in her forties, froze. The entire class of Gryffindor and Ravenclaw fourth-years turned to look at Hermione."It is impossible to calculate, with any accuracy, the magical power of any given individual," Vector said stiffly. "Everyone knows this."Well obviously I don't."But Professor-" Vector cut her off with an impatient wave of her hand."Magical power is derived from will, and an extra ability that cannot be quantified!" The class, made up mostly of purebloods, looked around uncomfortably. Terry Boot and Padma Patil exchanged an uneasy glance."Professor please-""Ten points from Gryffindor! And detention, Miss Granger."Hermione's jaw dropped. She never got detention, not for asking a question in class. Not for anything, really."I don't understand," Hermione said in a small voice. "Everything in the universe can be quantified, that's the point of Arithmancy."Vector approached her desk, more menacing than Hermione had ever supposed her capable of being. "It is impossible," she said with a tone of finality.Hermione was not one for giving up. "Nothing is impossible, not with magic," she said, almost desperately."Trust your elders, Miss Granger," Vector replied in a stern voice that seemed to echo through the halls of Hogwarts. "They know what is best."
