Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own characters. Harry Potter and co. belong to J.K. Rowling!Warnings: Grey!Harry , Ravenclaw!GoldenTrio , mild Dumbledore and Molly bashing, slightly manipulative Dumbledore, Draco/Golden Trio friendship, chance of slight Ginny bashingPairings: Harry/Alannah (OC), Luna/Draco, Hermione/Ron, Neville/?* Of course, romantic happenings won't be happening quite quickly. They are only eleven y'know~ or in LaLa's case, she's currently nine~!A/N: Yesh, I am butchering the HP universe! You may ask "Why?" and the answer is, "Because I can. This is FANfiction after all." I'm going to have so much fun with this fic!Summary: Alannah saw that lost dark haired boy with the glowing green eyes; she decided to help."Who are you?""It's common courtesy to give your name first before asking for someone else's."The boy swallowed and a blush bloomed on his cheeks. "I'm sorry... I'm Harry. Harry Potter."The pretty girl smiled at him, revealing sharpened canine teeth but it seemed to only make her cuter. "Nice to meet you Harry. I'm Alannah de Iamarr of the D'Arc family."| ~  |Alannah de Iamarr was a young girl with hazel eyes, short ash brown hair and a light brown skin color. She was also a young girl with elongated canine teeth, classical training and magic training. But most of all, Alannah de Iamarr was a young girl who was very, very curious.Yes, she'd heard all about the supposed savior of the Wizarding World, the boy who was destined to defeat the Dark Lord Voldemort. She thought it was all rubbish.I mean, really, what type of cowardly society depended on one sole boy to defeat a great dark wizard? He's just a kid, for goodness sakes. Alannah knew what kind of backwater society the Wizarding World was and she disliked it immensely. She was taught by her parents, the esteemed Estelle and Fernando de Iamarr of France, that you should not depend on someone to fight your battles for you.So why was Magical Britain?"Alannah, mon pche, come along now. We must be leaving to meet with our cousins."Alannah loved her mre very much. She looked up to her and desired to emulate her actions. Estelle was graceful, enviously so. She made professional ballerinas look like newborn fawn with the way she moved. And Alannah believed her mre was very beautiful as well. Estelle had the same ash brown colored haired as Alannah but it was longer and more bouncy. Alannah liked her short hair but if she were to grow it out she'd like it to look like her mother's.And then there were her eyes. Estelle did not share eye color with her daughter, instead she had rich hazel green eyes that had flecks of gold. Fernando, Alannah's pre, said that Estelle's eyes were what drew him to her in the first place. Well, that and her soft spoken musical voice, and her quiet disposition, and her stunning beauty and her... well you get the point.Oh, and her skin tone. Estelle has a rich, caramel skin tone that seemed to positively glow in the sunlight. She looked like an angel with the rays of sun highlighting the subtle red in her hair and her eyes shining.Yes, Alannah thought her mother was very beautiful. The eight year old quickly walked to the staircase where down below, her parents were waiting. She descended the steps at a moderate pace, trying to copy her mother's gracefulness.When she reached the bottom a maid draped her cloak over her. Fernando knelt down to his daughter and fastened the button to close her cloak. As he stood he winked at her and gave a roguish smile, exposing a fang.Fernando de Iamarr was a handsome man with dark hair, hazel eyes and smooth copper brown skin. His face sported a goatee and thin mustache. Alannah wanted to marry a man that was just like her Papa; tall, handsome, caring and a prankster at heart.Fernando took his daughter's hand and wrapped an arm around his wife's waist as the three made their way over to the Floo system. Estelle took a handful of the powder and raised her hand."Is everyone ready?" She asked in her musical voice, giving a pointed look to Alannah.The little girl beamed and nodded her head and Fernando just squeezed her waist slightly. "Floo away, mon amour." He said in a rich, deep voice.Estelle blushed faintly. Eleven years and he can still make her blush. She shook her head lightly in amusement before snapping her wrist down and releasing the Floo powder."Sakura Alley."...Harry James Potter was going through a myriad of emotions. He was happy, angry, excited and felt positively murderous. He'd gone to get the mail as told by his walrus of an uncle and just so happened to come across a letter addressed to him. Now, he wouldn't be too upset with this if it hadn't been addressed to him down to the very spot where he slept.He quickly slipped his letter under his cupboard door and handed the rest to his uncle. Harry eyed his uncle with distaste. Vernon Dursely was a large man that greatly resembled a sweating walrus. His uncle chortled at something insignificant his aunt Petunia said and shoveled more food into his mouth.After breakfast, Harry was made to clean the dishes and the rest of the kitchen while his aunt, uncle and cousin Dudley did something or another throughout the house. After he was done with the kitchen, Harry was shoved back under his cupboard and given a small plate of leftover food the Dudley didn't want.The boy ate his meager breakfast quickly before locking his cupboard and ripping his letter open. He had scowled angrily at the address on the front. Why would they address his cupboard under the stairs and not do something about it?! Wasn't it clear that it's child abuse?Reading the first part of the letter, Harry's breath caught in his throat. Magic? That's impossible, his aunt Petunia said that magic wasn't real. But he quickly crushed that thought. Who's to say she wasn't lying?HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYHeadmaster: Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)Dear Mr. Potter,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins September 1. We await you owl no later than July 31.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagallDeputy HeadmistressHarry swallowed. Accepted? When had he even applied in the first place? Slowly, Harry flipped to the next page and continued reading.HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYUNIFORMFirst-year students will require:Three sets of plain work robes (black)One plain pointed hat (black) for day wearOne pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings)Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags.COURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magic by Bathilda BagshotMagical Theory by Adalbert WafflingA Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin TimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set of glass or crystal phials1 telescope1 set brass scalesStudents may also bring an owl OR cat OR toadPARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKSOkay, he was not going to explode. Harry was not going to give in to his anger. But he could feel his face steadily becoming more and more red. Harry could hear his "family" clambering around outside his cupboard and slowly a wicked smile spread across his face.He was going to have some fun with this.How's that for a firstie? As you could see in the beginning I just couldn't help but add in my beloved Alannah and her family. And Iamarr is pronounced (EE-yah-murr), I shamelessly came up with it on the spot. It sounds French-ish, right?Anyway, next chapter I'm writing about Hermione and Ron and Harry's response letter then the trio meets and then they meet Alannah!Questions:Who is Alannah's cousin?Are there any other pairings I should make happen?Don't forget to favorite, alert, and/or review! They make me happy~
