All credit goes to J. K. Rowling for the characters and other Harry Potter terms that are noticed. Other things that deserve credit in your opinion will also in my opinion deserve that same credit, so that credit is due to where it should be due. I'm just using the characters in my own way for my own, and hopefully your, entertainment. It is a warm spring evening, with clouds covering the ocean in every which way, causing a dense fog to be seen, allowing a vision spanning to only a few feet in all directions. On this evening, five people are on a boat, a captain, two people in one room in the front of the ship and two people in a another room towards the back of the ship. This ship though is no ordinary ship. It is on a journey to a remote island, in the middle of nowhere, off the coast of England. This island is not one of paradise, rather one that contains despair, coldness, and darkness. This island contains one building, known to the magical world only, as Azkaban.On this ship the two people in the one room in the front of the boat are Harry Potter and Auror Kingsley Shacklebolt. Harry Potter is tied to a chair, wearing a mask that can't be seen through, arms tied behind his back, legs locked in chains that are attached to the floor, placed under a Silencio curse to keep him quiet and placed under an Immobulus curse to keep him from moving. Also as per protocol concerning anyone receiving a one-way ticket to Azkaban, Harry's Phoenix wand Auror Shacklebolt is there to make sure Harry stays in the room and causes no trouble, being told to use force if Harry is to move a muscle. Tied into the room alone, is an anti-apparation and anti-portkey ward, preventing anyone from enter or exiting the room with apparition or a portkey. In the back of the boat, Luna Lovegood and Auror John Dawlish are in the same position as Harry Potter and Auror Kinsley Shacklebolt. Luna, being tied to the chair with all the same condition Harry Potter is in, and Auror Dawlish being there to make sure Luna stays in her room and causes no trouble.After the two-hour trip, the ship reaches shore, and all four, but the captain, get off the ship. As soon as the four get off the ship, they give a subconscious shiver. Harry and Luna, while still a good 20 feet apart from each other, are both no longer under the Immobulus curse, nor are their feet tied to anything allowing them to walk. While being guided by the Aurors, Harry and Luna are led through many twists and turns into the bowels of the prison, the heart, where the most, and the strongest, Dementors call their home. After ten minutes of walking, taking those many turns right and left, the Aurors put Harry and Luna into two adjacent cells, and after removing the masks, the arm ties, and the Silencio, leave the prison as fast as they can and take the ship back to the Ministry, heading straight up to the Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour, and the Head of the DMLE, Amelia Bones, to let them know that Harry and Luna have been safely transported into the very center of Azkaban.Harry and Luna take a second to look around them, and then look at each other with huge smiles on their faces. When in the hallway, which has cells on each side of the hallway, facing Harry's cell, to the right is Luna's cell. When Harry looks to his right though, he sees Bellatrix Lestrange staring at him with a highly confused look on her face, and Harry's smile just grows bigger. Harry turns back to look at Luna, and in a loud voice, much louder than in needed to be, in a very happy and excited voice, but not in a sarcastic manner, says, "Yes, our luck just keeps on getting better and better. In no time at all we will be out of here." Luna, who is also in a very good mood, starts cackling, which for Harry, starts him off in his own fit of laughter. Due to the lack of noise before, and now the sudden change, Bellatrix gets annoyed, turns to face Harry and Luna, and also in a much louder voice then is needed, exclaims, "We have visitors. It's our favorite ickle little baby, Harry Potter, and one of his blood traitor friend, the motherless, Loony Lovegood." Everyone else in this part of Azkaban, all of which are captured Death Eaters, get very excited and give a slight cackle, but not as loud as Bellatrix's cackle. Harry and Luna, not amused by this, stand there facing Bellatrix, acting like statues, not a single part of their body's moving. Within seconds, Bellatrix starts to levitate under someone else's power. This causes an ear-splitting scream to be heard by all the inmates within a 30-foot radius. She then looks around, while still floating in the air, asking, in a high shrieking voice, "Who is doing this?! How is being done?!"After thirty seconds, all of which Bellatrix is in the air, Bellatrix unceremoniously falls to the ground. Harry looks around the hallway or cells, turns to look at Luna, and after three seconds of staring at each other, both fall to ground rolling around in fits of laughter. After a few minutes, both Harry and Luna catch their breath and stand up. As Harry is standing up, he says, "Man, I needed that laugh after that roughly two hour boat ride. What about you, Love?" Luna, without missing a beat replies, "Love, that has got to be the funniest span of five minutes that has ever happened in this place they call prison, to date. Anyway, I thought this place was supposed to be magic proof. Oh well, I guess you can never expect the ministry to get something done correctly, especial when my Harry Potter is involved. Now Love, let us move on to the real reason we are here. Bellatrix, would you mind giving Harry here your arm, obviously the one with the mark on it? Of course you could say no, but Harry could just force you to do what we want, though to be nice, we thought we would ask nicely, first. We only want to have a nice chat with your Lord. Nothing bad will happen to him, he does, by all means, have his wand with him anyway."Attentively, Bellatrix sticks here hand through the bars to Harry's cell, still slightly put out by the fact that Harry and Luna seem to see this as accomplishing something and are in very good spirits. As Bellatrix's arm goes through, Harry gently takes the arm and lifts up the sleeve, showing the dark glow of the dark mark on the forearm of her left arm. With a touch of magic in his finger, he calls for the Dark Lord to come to his current location.Ten minutes later, after minute interaction with the Dementors, which Harry drive away with his stag patronus, Voldemort appears, quite livid that he has to come to Azkaban when has plans in place he would rather go through with, but also a bit confused because to his knowledge only very powerful people should be able to do magic in Azkaban, and the call through the mark needs a magic connection. As Voldemort approaches the hallway with most of his Inner Circle members, Harry says in a happy, dreamlike voice, "Hello Tom, fancy meeting you here." Without a break in stride, Voldemort turns around to Harry, releases a Crucio, and watches as it gets within inches of hitting Harry, hits a barrier, and fizzes into nothingness. Not showing any external emotion to the fact that his powerful Unforgivable Curse was just blocked without a wand, sound, or movement, the Dark Lord, internally was quite surprised and slightly worried. Though, with more power to him, Voldemort continues on like nothing unusual just happened and asks aloud, "S-s-s-s-so, which one of you was-s-s-s the one that s-s-s-s-summoned me?" Harry turns to Luna and has a silent conversation, making sure she wants to go down this path with him. With a nod from Luna, he replies sarcastically, "That would be me, Mr. Scary Dark Lord. It had to be done." Seriously, he continues, "I needed to tell you that a few friends and I would love to join you, but we won't be taking your mark. You've just seen that I can stop your Crucio and I don't need to say a word or lift a wand. You wouldn't want to fight against me and my friends, would you Tom?"
