Sorry guys! I thought I had my laptop fixed but it is so slow and lags when I type so I've given up and currently hijacked my youngest sisters laptops.I'm apologizing now for any typos and such even though I do go back and check it I cannot always be 100% certain I've corrected everything and as I'm on a new laptop I need to get used to typing with it. Anyway - new story this is only my second story so pleas go easy on me. I am English but I am dyslexic so I do not have the best sentence structure or spelling. ANYWAY right this is a Snape and Hermione with Lemons later on. I own nothing JK Rowling owns all :D x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-xFour years had passed since we had won the wizarding war. Voldemort was gone Harry had gone off and married Ginny and not a day went by I didn't blame myself for the death of Severus Snape.FLASHBACKWe stood there watching, listening as Voldemort let that snake of his attack professor Snape repeatedly. I watched Snape have his moment with Harry, watching the 'dungeon-bat' cry for the first time letting Harry take his tears to show him the memories. I watched the boys leave biting my lip timidly I couldn't just leave him, yes he was horrible to me but no one deserved to die this way it wasn't fair but what was I to do? Almost eighteen and I knew little on the Nagini itself and how to stop the venom. It looked like the last breath had passed my professors lips only then did I drop to my knees. No, I had to do something."Accio essence of dittany" I whispered using my own shaking hands I pulled open his robes slipping them off his body so I could get a better view of the worst of his wounds. I dropped droplets of the essence over the wounds before I closed my eyes, I didn't have my wand harry still had it. I put my hand over the worst of the wounds and began to whisper soft healing charms nothing happened at first so I tried again as the tears began to fall only then did I feel the magic on my fingertips. It was all I could do hope it would remove the venom but I couldn't stay. I pressed a kiss to the professors forehead, "I'm sorry" I whispered before I pulled his robes back onto his body and stood grabbing my bag before heading out of the room to see what mess they two boys had gotten themselves into...END FLASHBACKAfter the war me and Ronald had decided to give this 'relationship' a go it had started out alright but as the years went on he became obsessed within his work, watching where I went I wasn't allowed to leave the house without his permission he wouldn't even let me go to my parents and sort their memories and I hated him for it.And that pretty much brings you up to today, nothing too interesting.x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-xSo that's just a basic summary. I'm hoping to have the next chapter out later or tomorrow. I have work in an hour so I will see if I can muster up a new chapter for you guys before hand
