Disclaimer: I don't own Harry PotterThere was a little boy that lived on Private Drive. The neighbors couldn't tell you which house was his, they could only be certain that the young boy with flaming auburn hair lived somewhere in the area. He was often seen strolling the streets, slightly hunched over, hands deep in his pockets as if trying to make himself as small as possible. His hair was long and untamed, hanging in curtains around his face, concealing any other features.Those who had sons and daughters whom were ten and in the boy's year could tell their parents that the soft-spoken child's name was Harry Potter. They could attest that the redhead showed up for school everyday by means of his own feet, carrying a ratty rucksack. They would also mention his renowned status as school pariah and easy-pickings for the local bully, Dudley Dursley.However they would fail to mention his angelic singing voice. They wouldn't comment on how athletic the young lad was, despite how it seemed Harry was destined to be a beanpole. They certainly wouldn't bring up his almond shaped, strikingly green eyes. They wouldn't be able to. Harry hardly said a word unless spoken to directly, and he most certainly didn't sing above a whisper in music. He didn't participate in any athletics and sat alone with a book when the other children went outside to play during their free time. And nobody would be able to claim they even knew what color eyes the young boy had, so rarely did he ever make eye contact.Harry Potter was an enigma. A fascinating being that was bursting with potential at the seams, yet slipped between the cracks of society. Most would never even have noticed the child, lest Dudley demean and belittle him at every turn.But I, reader, have many words and many pages in which I can unravel the mystery of whom Harry Potter really is. And where our story begins, is number four Private Drive in Surrey, the little slice of hell on earth that our young hero had the misfortune to call home-HP-Harry found it nearly impossible to open his eyes the morning his life changed forever. His eyelashes had long since glued themselves together with tears. Reaching up with his hands, Harry gently rubs them, massaging them open with practiced ease. His depressingly familiar bedroom greets him like it did every morning. A single spider scurried across his pillow and clouds of dust rained down on him as his cousin, Dudley, stomped down the stairs.Living in the cupboard under the stairs had its disadvantages. Still, the small cramped space had been his safe haven for years now. It was the place he was thrown in like a discarded sock after every beating he endured from his whale of an uncle, Vernon. Strange things did happen in this cupboard. The cupboard was the only place it happened.A loud bang resounds in the small space and Harry flinched, though it was part of his daily routine. A shrill, distinctively female voice pierced the air. "If breakfast isn't on the table in fifteen minutes, you will be punished!"Harry grimaces at the mention of being punished. "Yes, Aunt Petunia," he murmurs softly in response.The lock clicks open and Harry pushes the door open slowly, emerging from the dark cupboard with caution, eyes distrustful when the way seemed to be void of abusive relatives. When Dudley wasn't there to greet him with a good morning punch in the gut, Harry wasn't sure whether to be relieved or extra cautious.Sighing, Harry steps into the hallway and moves towards the kitchen. Upon entering Harry caught sight of the table groaning under the weight of what seemed like fifty wrapped presents. Dudley was all but drooling over them as Uncle Vernon sat there, mustache twitching beneath his beady-eyed smile. Petunia was fawning over her 'little' Duddy-kins.Harry sighed. How could he have forgotten it was Dudley's birthday today? He inched his way towards the stove, careful to not disturb the familial moment, knowing if he didn't keep to the shadows, he would be beaten. That was how this house operated. Somehow the clothes were washed and folded. Somehow breakfast and dinner magically appeared on the table. Somehow the dishes were sparkling. Somehow the garden got weeded and pruned.Yet Harry himself rarely had a proper meal. He only had ratty hand-me downs that had holes and were muted in color, washed out from overuse. Harry himself wasn't part of the family. He was the slave combined with a punching bag. A worthless, waste of space that should consider himself lucky his 'generous' and 'doting' family didn't cast him out onto the streets like the cretin he was.But deep down Harry knew he wasn't a freak. He knew he was special, different. And that it bothered his relatives. Because it happened, and happened frequently. Harry knew it was somehow his doing.As his mind ran in circles, formulating ideas and then casting them away, his hands worked independently: Flipping the bacon periodically, tending to the eggs and seasoning the sausages. After years of preparing food for his family, the procedure was mind-numbingly natural to him.He was just setting several dishes on the counter, as the table was still groaning under the weight of the presents Petunia insisted Dudley open only after breakfast, when there was a sharp rap at the front door. Harry froze and noticed the confused look his aunt and uncle shared. Apparently, they weren't expecting anyone. Without hesitating, Harry shot out of the room and into his cupboard. He wasn't allowed to be seen by company. And if he were to be seen, it would result in a beating.As soon as he was enveloped in the familiar darkness, his uncle waddled to the door and opened it. Harry sat shock still as he listened to the conversation that followed, senses working overtime to make up for his inability to see.For reasons unbeknownst at the time to Harry, he'd always had excellent hearing and olfactory senses. His sight tended to be blurry but he chalked that up as a consequence for spending too much time straining his eyes in the dark of his cupboard.In any case, the man at the door didn't seem to be winning any brownie points with his uncle. The man's voice was low and silky, drawing out syllables and caressing certain letters with his voice. He seemed to be no stranger with dramatics as he often paused or spoke with a sneering, cool tone. To Harry, the man smelled like chamomile tea, nutmeg and several other herbs and spices he couldn't pinpoint. He imagined the man spending much of his time in gardens or kitchens."How can I help you, sir?" He could hear his uncle say. His sincerity could be questioned and Harry knew the politeness was forced. The man at the door was clearly a stranger."I'm here as a representative from a school. May I come in?" The man drawls, politeness sounding equally as forced.Harry frowns to himself. It sounded to him as though this man was offering a position in whatever school this man was representing. Surely Dudley, the boy whose only hope at survival was the sole fact that jellyfish survived thousands of years without a brain, could not have caught the attention of a school board. Not unless the school doubled as some kind of Juvenile Delinquency Attention Center.Vernon didn't seem to draw the same conclusion as Harry did though. "Oh!" he sounded pleased, "Did Dudley get awarded some scholarship?""No," the man sounded as though he was on the same page as Harry regarding his cousin. "I'm here about your nephew, Harry Potter."Despite the fact that Harry did not know this man the way, the way he spoke his name gave Harry the impression the man knew him. He didn't sound too happy about it either. He spoke his name as though it were a filthy word. Harry both cringed at his tone and froze in shock. What school wanted him? A mental asylum?Not to his surprise, his uncle answers sharply, "There is no Harry Potter here. I don't have a nephew, now if you'll excuse me."There was a dull thump and Harry realized the man had stuck his foot in the door his uncle was probably trying to close in his face. "I am no fool, Vernon Dursley. If you don't bring Harry Potter to me, I will come in and find him.""Are you trying to threaten me?" His uncle demands and Harry can imagine him spluttering, face red and mustache quivering in rage, spittle flying from his mouth."Yes, I am." The man states calmly and in a matter-of-fact fashion."Who do you think you are, just bursting into my home and demanding to see a nephew that doesn't even exist?"Harry cringes. This man was really winding up his uncle. He knew he would be the one paying for these comments later on."Who I am plays no part in this conversation, muggle. It wouldn't matter if I were myself or a giant man named Hagrid. Potter will be coming to this school in any case."Though the delivery was odd, Harry ignored the language he could not understand and instead wondered what school wanted him so badly? Who was this man? It took his uncle a second to respond and if it weren't for his excellent hearing he wouldn't have heard him utter, "You're part of that school. I will not have you freaks teaching him anything. He's already freakish enough on his own. No, I won't be paying for him to attend!" His voice rose in a hysterical fashion by the end of his tirade.Harry pressed himself up against the door. A school of freaks? Like him? He wanted to know more. He wanted to see the man standing on the other side of the door. It took all his self-control not to throw open the door to look."You have no say in the matter, I'm afraid. And If I ever hear you refer to me as a 'freak' again, you'll be very sorry indeed. Now, where is the boy?"There was no response from Vernon and Harry did something he knew he would regret very much later. He pushed the door to his cupboard open and stuck his head outside slowly.The man didn't notice him immediately. He was too busy glaring at his uncle with dark eyes the color of charcoal. His irises were so dark and deep Harry had trouble distinguishing his pupils within them. He had sallow skin that clung to his angular face, giving him a sharp and stern appearance. His nose was crooked and appeared to have been broken at least once and healed the wrong way. His thin, pale lips were pressed together in frustration and his raven, black hair hung to his shoulders, framing his face and giving him a menacing look.He was lanky, standing at least two inches taller then his uncle and stood straight as though there was an invisible ruler strapped to his back. He was wearing clothing Harry had never seen before. They appeared to be robes, black and long, undulating when he moved as though they were caught in their own personal breeze. The man exuded confidence and darkness, but at the same time, Harry could not sense any bad intentions towards him. There were, however, plenty directed at his uncle.Once he caught sight of Harry, his eyes softened fractionally before hardening. They narrowed as he took stock of where he had just stepped out from."Hullo, sir," Harry said timidly, a small quaver in his angelic voice.His uncle bellowed like an injured animal, "What are you doing out of your cupboard I mean, bedroom?" He demands fiercely, taking a single but, to Harry, menacing step forward, causing the young boy to cower in his uncle's shadow and the man to intervene."Mr. Potter," he cuts across, "How much do you know about Hogwarts?" He asks bluntly.Harry furrows his brow and wracks his brain, searching for any mention of whatever this Hogwarts is.The man sighs in exasperation, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Just as I thought, you're as ignorant as a muggleborn. Come here, Mr. Potter. You and I are going to have a long conversation, out of the presence of this whale of a man.""He will do no such thing!" Vernon shouted, face turning a blotchy shade of purple as her clenched his fists, eyeing the coatrack like it would make a good weapon.Harry felt caught between a rock and a hard place. Surely for stepping out of his cupboard and being the reason this strange man was currently invading his home, uncle Vernon would beat him. But on the other hand, he had no idea who this man was. Though he could sense no ill will towards his being, he still did not feel comfortable waltzing off with a stranger.Sensing his obvious distress, the man says, "My name is Professor Severus Snape. I'm the potions master at Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry." He reaches into his pocket and pulls an envelope free, handing it to Harry."W-witchcraft and Wizardry?" Harry stutters, taking the letter with shaking hands. The paper felt archaic and thick, much thicker then regular paper, and had loopy green words inked into the outside of the letter, addressing it to Mr. H Potter, cupboard under the stairs. As he stared at it in wonder he noticed the ornate red wax seal and ran his finger over it."Yes, Mr. Potter. You are a wizard."Alright, first chapter up! I've had this idea bouncing around my mind for a couple months and have finally put it on paper! I have every book planned out so hopefully updates will be quick and simple. My stories will vaguely follow cannon but this story definitely has a twist. The pairing I have in mind is Harry/Hermione but if anyone has any other idea I'm open to them! I'm going to try and keep Snape in character for the fist couple of chapters but in this story, he can't see much James in Harry and finds it hard to be cool when he discovers Harry's abused.So Review, because I love to hear what people think! (And don't be shy when telling me I suck because I strive to improve. So go ahead, attack all my awful grammar skills)Like it or not,Juliet (Calliope29)
