A/N: I've spent years and years reading Harry Potter fanfics, but this is my first real attempt at writing my own, and only my second attempt at writing fanfic at all. Reviews would be fantastic, so I at least know whether or not someone's enjoying it, or it's worth writing. I don't own Harry Potter, or any of the characters other than my OC's.Chapter 1: A New YouCecile.While outwardly it appears to be a beautiful name, one in-depth search would reveal it's true meaning: "blind".From day one, Cecile "Cece" Nott's father made it very clear that she was not his daughter. He made it a point of refusing to invite her to family meetings, failing to mention her to his associates, and "forgetting" her on Christmas' and other holidays. He was certain she was never going to amount to anything, as no second child ever would, even though Theodore and Cece were twins, born only ten minutes apart.Cece wasn't blind. Her name was a joke to Titus Nott, naming her based on his own opinion that she was ugly. She grew up a fat little girl, with large glasses and braces. She had acne, eczema, and big ears. Essentially, everything that a young lady would hope never goes wrong with her body went wrong with Cece. While her magical powers were impressive, they went unnoticed her first five years at Hogwarts because nobody could see past her outward appearance. She didn't have any friends, save for one Matthew Vincent Kidd. An outcast himself for being flambouyant, the two were a perfect match.Cecile, now sixteen, sat in front of the large white vanity, slowly applying her mascara. While she wore a decent bit of makeup, most of it wasn't noticable. Foundation, a little bit of eyeliner, and mascara. She looked herself over. Long, curly brown hair that fell to her hips. Big green eyes. A body that was tiny around the middle, but wide enough everywhere else to be considered curvy. A Slytherin boy's wet dream, and a Gryffindor's greatest nightmare when it came to a duel. She was ready for this school year, and everyone that had ever teased her was going to pay.The summer after their fifth year, Vince decided it was time for a change. He himself had grown into his height, and finally developed muscles that would make even the straightest of men at Hogwarts swoon, he was sure of it. Cece has grown a bit taller as well, and shaken off quite a bit of baby weight."Cece," Vince said quietly, inspecting the dust on the bookshelf in her bedroom. "What would you say to a little summer project?"Cece lowered her book. "What kind of project?""Well," he muttered. "Not a school kind of project. Maybe, a makeover?" He suggested it lightly, knowing that she was going to hate the idea.She snorted a little, pulling her book back up to her face. "That's bullshit, V. We tried that in second year, remember? It's not going to help anything." Their second year, Vince had attempted a poorly-thought over makover. The result ended up giving Cece bright red hair and an awful allergic reaction to the drugstore makeup they used."I only thought your father might treat you a bit better if you looked the part of a Nott." Vince hadn't wanted to strike that particular chord, but he had no other choice. Her father's acceptance was the only thing Cece had wanted her whole life. "We could give it a real shot this time."Slowly, the book came back down. "You think my father would like me more...if I were prettier?" The hurt was apparent in her voice, but he decided it was something that needed to be heard.He couldn't look at her. "I think a change is in order." He said confidently. "You're a pureblood, and a Slytherin at that. You should look and act like it. Lord knows nobody in our house knows how you got there."She was silent for a moment. It was an awkward, painful silence. Then, finally: "I think you're right." Cecile set her book down, and jumped off the bed. "Let's start now."It was like the makeover in a bad 90's movie: the kind where the girl takes off her glasses and is suddenly hot, and the boy she's been in love with realizes she was right beside him all along! Cece's glasses came off, and the braces came off a month later. The acne and eczema faded away as Vince spent nearly every night scrubbing her face for her. Nightly runs became a thing, along with small weights to develop muscle. It was painful for her at first: she was out of shape, and even though a majority of the weight was gone, exercise hurt. Cece went to bed every night sore, and woke up hurting even more the morning after. But Vince's constant reminder that her father would approve of her once she was a real pureblood kept her going.Embarrassingly, Cece recalled the night Vince taught her to do her makeup."Haven't you ever done this before?" The judgement in his voice was clear. He sat on the floor in front of her, slowly lining her eyes so he wouldn't poke her."No," she said harsly. "Not all of us have unlimited access to makeup all the time." She cast a pointed glare at Vince, who's eyes were lined by dark mascara."Stop moving. You have access to unlimited money, though." he said mischievously. "I know you have a key to your parents' Gringotts vault, why not use it?""That's for emergencies," Cece jerked backwards violently.Vince rolled his eyes. "Love, you're flawless without it, but a teenage girl not having makeup is an emergency." He crossed his legs Indian-style. "Come back here." He gripped the back of her head with one hand, while using the other to finish her eyeliner. "When you put on eyeliner, make sure it's even on both sides, or you might as well redo your entire face. Practice a lot this summer, you need a steady hand."That was in July. They'd spent the remainer of the summer, along with the remainer of her budget, shopping in Diagon Alley for new clothes.Now, here she was. Standing tall, a look of contempt in her eyes, judging herself in the mirror. She was everything she'd ever wanted to be: beautiful, poised, graceful. Hogwarts had hell to pay for ever making her feel inferior. She was a Nott, a respected, pureblood family.Cecile and Theodore made their way through the crowd at Platform 9 3/4, their parents following closely behind."You're going to be a real heartbreaker this year, Cece." Theo said, casting a sideways glance at her. "It's kind of hard not to notice how much you've changed, I don't even recognize you. Where's my dorky little sister gone?" He reached out and ruffled her hair.She ducked to avoid it. "You're only ten minutes older, and don't you mess up my hair!" She shoved him lightly. "Not recognizing me is kind of the point in all of this, I don't ever want to be that girl again."The twins made it to the train, and Theodore turned to say farewell to their parents. Cecile had learned by now that they had nothing to say to her. But as she headed onto the train, a hand on her shoulder stopped her."Cecile." Her father turned her around. He stood nearly a full foot taller than her. "Make us proud." It was short, but it was the most he'd said to her in years."Yes, father," Cecile said, and they went to find a compartment. She was secretly delighted with the little bit of attention he'd given her, but she couldn't let him know that. Having the upper hand was all that mattered in a world full of people that loved to judge you.It seemed like the entire school had gotten to the train before Cecile and Theodore, because nearly every compartment was full. They made their way to the front of the train, in the compartment they usually shared with Malfoy and Zambini. Cecile hated Malfoy, he'd always made fun of her, and usually forced Theo and Zambini to join in. But Zambini had secretly been nice to her whenever Malfoy wasn't around.Malfoy and Parkinson were sitting in the compartment already, along with Zambini."Theo," Malfoy said, looking up from his spot in the corner of the compartment. "Brought some tail with you already? Pretty early even for you." He tossed the large apple in his hand. "Where's that fatass sister of yours? Probably pigging out on the trolly candy already, eh?" He laughed at his own joke.Cecile stepped out from behind her brother and took the seat nearest the door. "Fuck you too, Malfoy." She snarled. It was the most decent thing she could snap at him while attempting to keep the pureblood composure Vince had drilled into her over the summer.Malfoy froze, recognizing her voice. "No way in hell that's you, Cece." He couldn't disguise the shock in his voice.She laughed coldly. "So now we're on a first name basis, eh?" She folded her arms over her chest. "That's bold for a ferret."Malfoy sat up, glaring at her. His transfiguration lesson from Moody in their fourth year was the only ammo she had against him, so she used it often. His glare turned into cold indifference, and he sat back, kicking his feet up. "You're pretty bold yourself, Ms. Piggy."Cecile smiled. "I've missed you too, Malfoy."I'm sorry it moved a little quickly, I just needed to get through the summer makeover bit as quickly as I could. I'm so excited to be writing this. I don't even know who reads the little notes at the end of the chapters, I know that I skip them most of the time.
