A dust filled ray of sunlight pierced through the moth eaten curtains of a small, but cozy room, the golden light illuminated the room, revealing the books strewn across the floor and the discarded clothes that hadn't quite made it into the hamper after their user's attempt to shoot goals from her bed. This petite room resided on the second floor of a small suburban home, on Aquilae Avenue in the sleepy town of Middlesbrough, England. From the dusty window, it looked like an ordinary room belonging to an ordinary 11 year old girl, the walls painted a light grey and navy blue. From the inside of the window, it was common knowledge that the girl sleeping soundly on a hard twin sized mattress, was far from ordinary. The young girl stirred in her sleep, knocking her pillow onto the floor in the process, the dirty blonde followed suite, a large crash wracked the house as she rolled off the side of the bed. Groaning miserably she pushed herself off the ground to her knees, as she rose to her full height of a mere 4 ft 6 inches, a well groomed screech owl flew straight through her curtain, yanking the worn fabric from it's wire railing. It landed unceremoniously at the foot of her bed, straightened the letter locked in it's beak, and stared at the confused grey eyes with it's own beady black ones. The girl reached her hand out,"Is that" she started "Is that a letter? For- for me?" The owl gave a low whine in response and spat the letter out, before stretching it's large wings and leaving the way it came, without hitting the curtain this time around."REGAN RENOIR!" A voice shrieked shrilly from below her "GET DOWN HERE THIS INSTANT" Regan stuffed the letter in her sock drawer before tripping over a large book and slamming head long into the door, she stumbled back and flung the door open, taking the stairs two at a time at her best attempt to get to the kitchen before her mother screamed for her again. Her bare feet recoiled at the touch of the cold tile on the floor of the kitchen,"What is it mother?" She called, sounding a little pained, probably due to the goose egg currently growing on the top of her head, courtesy of her faithful door."Care to explain to me why, my lovely sons have woken up without breakfast READY FOR THEM ON THE TABLE?" She was screaming by the time she finished, and was waving her arms wildly, her bird like face inches from Regan's, The brown piggish eyes stared at her through short lashes, Courtney Renoir was so close to her daughter's face, Regan could count the hairs growing out of her grotesquely large nose. The short girl sighed, opened her mouth and closed it again, thinking for a few moments."Because they can't continue their lives if they're afraid of ovens" she stated thoughtfully, the twisted and enraged face of her mother was evidence enough that she had just crossed the line."Now you listen here missy, you're different, a bad kind of different, and people who are different need to be contained, so if you stick so much as a hair out of line, you can forget ever calling this place home, DO YOU HEAR ME CHILD? BREAKFAST, NOW!" she finished and stormed out the kitchen and up the stairs, her grumbling slowly fading away. Regan flung the refrigerator door open and took out a carton of eggs, turning around, her older brother Victor caught her eye, he was smirking."Little Reg! I want pancakes." he said, glaring at her."I don't want to make bloody pancakes, you get eggs, or you make them yourself." She sneered at him as she turned on the burner. He eyed her, the smirk fading from his face,"MOM!" he called at the top of his lungs, Regan spun around, eyes wide,"No... don't... fine pancakes" she sighed in defeat."YES?" A shrill voice answered, Regan winced, her eyes pleading to her brother"I love you!" he called back, a triumphant grin on his face, the grey eyed girl sighed in relief, and pulled the necessary ingredients from the cupboards.After feeding herself and her snotty brothers, Regan rushed upstairs and into her room, locking the door behind her. She shoved stacks of books out her way as she made an attempt to get to her sock drawer in under three seconds, needless to say, she failed, it was more around five. Ripping the drawer open, she pulled the thick, wax sealed, parchment envelope out. She delicately peeled the seal and opened the letter, what she saw inside made her gasp.HOGWARTS SCHOOLof WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYHeadmaster: Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf Warlock,Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)Dear Ms. Renoir,We are pleased to inform you that you have been acceptedat Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Pleasefind enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by nolater than July 31.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagallDeputy HeadmistressThe letter fluttered to the ground, falling out of the shaking hands of an eleven year old girl who's life had been dumped upside down and spun around seven times, just for good measure. How was she going to get there? Was this evenreal? Her brain raced a mile a minute before screeching to a halt at one thought. Gabriella Willard. Her friendly, slightly estranged cousin, and her mother Anita... she would go to them, with the letter and surely they would do their best to help her. Grabbing her backpack, she hurriedly stuffed her tattered old garments into a bag, and snuck her toothbrush out the bathroom, attempting to be as inconspicuous as possible, as she treaded lightly down the creaking hall, and the ancient crinkling wallpaper that dissolved with one touch, sneaking into her room she felt her collar choke her, letting out a strangled cry, she scratched at her neck, whirling around, gasping for air, to see Victor, smirking, she could tell his eyes were triumphant despite the long walnut colored hair hanging in front of them. At his side was a short, well built boy, with bright orange hair and blue eyes, and a short piggish nose, much unlike their mother's hooked one."What do you want?" Regan asked impatiently, "I'm kind of busy here" Victor grinned and shoved his way into the room, he lifted up the yellowed parchment."What's this? Freaky paper for the freak?" he sneered, unfolding the paper haphazardly, "WITCHCRAFT? Oh this is too good! Thanks sissy!" he strutted out the room, the pig nosed ginger, Samuel scuttled after him. Regan felt her heart sink into her stomach. She slid to the floor, looking crestfallen, she didn't see the owl sitting on her windowsill, a blank piece of parchment in it's beak, awaiting her reply.
