Forever Loyal, Forever LovedPrologueDisclaimer- you guys know what I'm going to say, I don't own anything but the story lineWarnings- This is a NSFW fic and lily will be getting with all the marauders (I don't call wormtail a marauder he is a rat) so if you don't like don't read and there will probably be a bit of boy love in here. You have been warned kiddies!If you were to see me during the summer you would see a girl with long wavy fiery red hair, porcelain white skin and the brightest emerald green eyes; you would also have seen me with my head in a book, no matter where I was, I would always be reading whether it was for fun or studying. All in all a pretty normal girl but I was far from normal, you see I had a secretI am Lily Evans and I am a witch. The fancy boarding school which everyone thinks I go to is a big fat lie, in actual fact I attend Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry.6 yearsit was 6 years ago that I got my letter telling me I was a witch, 6 years since my life changed. Since I found out my life has been a rollercoaster with so many ups and downs, yet if you had asked anyone they would have thought my life was perfectit was far from that. Within minutes of stepping onto Platform 9  with my best friend Severus Snape, we had the terrible pleasure of meeting four immature boys who would call themselves the marauders. James, Sirius, Remus were the most popular boys in school since they were funny, quiditch stars, smart and handsome. After that faithful meeting, in which they picked on my friend my life became a roller-coaster, my hatred for them grew as they continued to prank people (including me), it was even worse with James constantly professing his love for me in the most humiliating ways; he never did quite understand no means no. That was until the summer after 4th year where I lost my Severus to the Pureblood ideals that are taught in slytherin; the marauders bar peter, their weird rat like friend, defended me. I wrote to them all apologising for my behave and ask to friends, it was quite shocking when I got three letter that same day apologising for their behaviour to me and were happy to be friends. So for my fifth and sixth year I was the happiest I had been with my new friendship I could forget everything, we became close friends very fast and told each other everythingwell in fact mostly everything. I had a big secret one that I could never tell to anyone.If you were to see me during the summer you would see a girl with long wavy fiery red hair, porcelain white skin and the brightest emerald green eyes; you would also have seen me with my head in a book, no matter where I was, I would always be reading whether it was for fun or studying. All in all a pretty normal girl but I was far from normal, you see I had a secretI am Lily Evans and my sister abuses because I am a witch noI am a freak.
