This collection is a collection of the drabbles I owe people for my Character of the Week CompetitionThis drabble is also written for Amber's Twelve Days of Christmas Challenge (1/3 crack pairings)Mirror MeWeek 1: Rolanda HoochWinner: Dubious SightPairing: RolandaGilderoyShe caught him staring at himself in the mirror. Gold locks falling to his ears, a charming smile and verbal compliments directed at him. She even thought she might have seen his reflection wink, offering another compliment of 'hey, good-looking' on its own accord. She couldn't have been certain, though.He then spotted her from behind and without even a blush on his face, he spun to face her. "Rolanda!" he exclaimed, holding his arms wide as if expecting a hug. "Rolanda, my dear, what can I do for you?"She couldn't help but blush. It wasn't the charming smile that caught her, it was no, it definitely was the smile, she realised. It had always been attractive (particularly in the photograph he had seemingly snuck into her bag one Friday afternoon)."Rolanda?""I I er I was just passing by."He beamed, taking a step closer so he was less than a foot away from her now. "Ah, I see." Once again, he seemed to feel no embarrassment as to what he had just been doing. In fact, her flustered state seemed to convince him even more of his good looks. "Well, by all means, continue passing by, Rolanda." He didn't move, and nor did she. She simply blushed even more.When it was apparent she wasn't going to leave, he smiled his charming smile at her and then leaned forward. He kissed her full on the mouth, catching Rolanda completely off guard. When he broke away, he merely smiled at the dumbfounded expression Rolanda wore."Ah," he said. "I thought that was why you 'were just passing by'."As the challenge says, this is kind of supposed to be a crack pairing, and therefore not supposed to be taken as a serious romantic pairing (can you take any Gilderoy pairing as serious?) but I hope you enjoyed. The winner of each week gets the given character paired with another character of their choice in a drabble, but Dubious Sight wanted a surprise for week 1, so I had free reign... hehe.
