Down own anything you see here.SurprisesSummary: James has something to share with his girlfriend.Pairing: J/LWord Count: 986Rating: K+She hadn't made it to the Great Hall (on her way to get some food, classes just over) when James caught up with her, slinging one arm around her shoulders and unhooking her bag from her arm, draping it across his own shoulder. "Busy?""Hungry," she replied, raising one eyebrow at him as they walked, a faint pink tinge staining her cheeks. She hadn't quite gotten used to being with James yet - he was reckless and impulsive and spontaneous, and though she'd hate to admit it to his face, he'd caught her off guard more times than she could count. If there was one thing that was universally agreed on, it was that James Potter, he was full of surprises.And of course, she hadn't quite gotten used to the stares - the curious looks and the envious glances as they passed people - but James seemed to like it. She had to admit, she couldn't object to it either. He was already steering her away from the direction of the Great Hall, and she wasn't one to follow orders, but the attention was nice. It all was - the spontaneity, the excitement. She didn't know how he did it, but James Potter made her feel special, and amazing, and fascinating, and she couldn't say she didn't love it.And then of course, there was also the fact that she could hardly say no to him anymore. "I take it you've decided to let me starve," she said lightly as they walked, not bothering to ask where they were going. If he was going to tell her, he would have already by now."We can get you food and we get back.""Oh, we're coming back?""Well, it's a possibility," he retorted, winking at her. They walked outside and across the grounds, taking their time. He had removed his arm, and now her fingers were linked through his, their arms swinging slightly as they walked."Are we going to the forest?" she asked, eyebrows shooting up in apprehension, eyeing him suspiciously. He nodded, grinning brilliantly.She frowned, concerned. "Should I be worried?""Why would you be worried?""Well, the forest would the perfect place to murder someone, don't you think?" she pointed out logically, eyeing the trees and wrinkling her nose."I'm not going to murder you," he said cheerfully, smiling at her happily."You sound surprisingly upbeat about that," she remarked, and James rolled his eyes. He pulled her into the thicket of the trees, whistling tunelessly, and after they walked in a comfortable silence for a few minutes, he stopped and, to Lily's confusion, took a deep breath."Right. Okay. Do you trust me?" he asked, turning her to face him, his hands on her shoulders. She felt like they were made of lead, and her knees were about to buckle under her.Her heart fluttered and she smiled, but she still managed to look casual. "We're standing in the middle of the dark forest, which is inhabited by hundreds of creatures that could eat me alive, and there are  no witnesses. Should I?"He just laughed, taking his hands away and stepping back a bit. "Would you relax?" he chuckled, beaming at her. "I just want to show you something." His face had grown serious, even though he was still smiling at her, and his gaze was intense, never leaving her face. Lily straightened, realizing that this wasn't fun"Alright," Lily said slowly, her voice gentle. "Where is it?""Well, it's - it's, er-" he frowned, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly, and she waited, fear and nerves starting to unfurl in her chest. "It's me."Something seemed to drop in her head, and she raised one eyebrow at him coolly, folding her arms. "You," she repeated. He nodded, but she was expecting him to look slightly less grave, with a cheeky grin and an apologetic shrug. He didn't. He looked pale, and fidgety - which was nothing new - and nervous. Lily's eyebrows knitted together. "I've seen you," she said slowly, making sure she didn't sound accusatory, because he was acting like it was important. "Is this some sort of debauched, misguided attempt at romance?""Wh - No!" he blurted out, looking even more nervous and more confused, raking his fingers through his hair. "Would you just - do you trust me?"She stared at her boyfriend for a few seconds, and then nodded.He took a very deep breath, still gazing at her, and then bowed his head. "James, what -" she cut herself off, because something was happening. He was changing, transforming, black hair vanishing, his glasses on the mossy ground, his clothes  shrinking? She didn't know whether to avert her eyes or not when she saw that, until she saw antlers. Those looked like antlers. She gasped and backed away, eyes wide open, until her back hit a tree. Standing in front of her, in place of her boyfriend, was a bulky, full-grown stag. The stag took a small step forward, and Lily's heart jumped into her throat, and she tried to flatten herself into the tree for a few seconds. Then she stopped herself, watching the stag edge forward slowly. She stared, frozen, and then took a deep breath. She stood up straight, steeling her nerves and swallowing hard. Her mind was reeling, spinning beyond control.Those eyes were familiar. Those eyes were wonderfully familiar.Which meant She shook her head, reaching her arm out tentatively, until her fingers came into contact with the stag's nose. She breathed out, and smiled, shaking her head."You arse," she grumbled, shaking her head. "You've been keeping this to yourself this whole time, I could kill you," she hissed, but she was too mesmerized to stop herself from smiling. She laughed quietly to herself, running her fingers over the antlers. Yes, James Potter was full of surprises.Thanks for reading.
