First Assignment for the "Muggle Studies Class" at "Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry (Challenges and Assignments)"Muggle Quotes - Prompt: "If stupidity got us into this, why can't it get us out?" -Will RogersThis has a maximum word count of 600, so excuse me if some parts are a bit shorter!I hope you enjoy this! And as I am always happy about feedback  leave me a review :)"Okay, this is definitely not what I expected from my Saturday", Severus Snape snarled, shooting his well-practiced glare at Rolanda Hooch who rolled her eyes."Do you ever think about a new signature look? By the way, it was not entirely my fault, cauldron boy!"She crossed her arms in front of her chest, mirroring his own defensive body position, and stared back at him. Severus replayed the situation that had gotten them here, trapped in one of Hogwarts tiniest broom closets which had been enchanted by the Headmaster himself. Of course they had had a fight once again, something that happened between them all the time and they considered it as normal, but today Albus had been so annoyed by his two teachers that he had decided that the two of them needed some help to sort things out between them. He had brought them in here and placed a few spells on the door so it would not open from the inside until the spell sensed a friendly atmosphere between the Potions Master and the Flying Instructor."Good, I admit I started the fight. But we were both stupid to fight in front of Albus", Severus said, then there was a long silence. They were both far to proud and stubborn to give the other one any credit that would bring them out of here. At some point Rolanda took a look at the watch she wore on her wrist and cursed:"Bloody Albus, damn it, I will miss my hairdresser appointment!""And that just as you need it so desperately!", Severus mocked, a small smirk showing at the corners of his mouth."Oh, shut it up, I dont want to know when you last went there!""Last week", Severus answered as if he didnt care."Didnt come off, huh?""I am not discussing this with you any more! Now could we please concentrate on getting out of here? I dont want to spend my whole week-end with you!"Rolandas jaw tightened and she glared at him and she answered:"This is totally based on mutuality. But I wont start being nice, it is your turn."Severus shook his head and pressed his lips tightly together, leaning his back against the wall to show her that he highly disagreed. Rolanda sighed internally as it dawned to her that this would be long, long day...They did not knew how much time had passed, but Rolanda knew that she was hungry like hell and her feet and back were hurting. All the time she had been thinking about a way to trick the spells, but nothing whole had come to her mind, until..."Severus?""Hm", was the grumpy answer."If stupidity got us into this, why can't it get us out?", she started to grin and Severus gave her a distrustful look."What do you have in mind, Rolanda?"Before Severus knew what was happening she had crossed the short distance between them, cupped his cheek and pulled him down into a passionate kiss. At first he was to shocked to react, but then he understood and started to respond. He lifted her off her feet easily and she wrapped her long legs around his hips, moaning slightly as he deepened the kiss, hidden feelings boiling up.Suddenly the door was opened and Albus stood in the door-frame, staring at them in a flabbergasted way. Severus reached out to push the door close in front of the Headmaster while Rolanda called out:"We will stay in here for another hour, Albus!"600 words (yeah, perfect landing :D )
