Wizarding Times July 8, 1947Roswell, New Mexico-Late last month Aurors Roy Handley and Howard Jacoby were transporting four Erklings from the Alcatraz Dangerous Creatures Unit to the American Wizengamot in New Orleans when something went wrong and the two wizards crashed into the New Mexican desert near Muggle-populated Roswell. Handley and Jacoby barely escaped detection when the Muggle Air Force arrived from the nearby Muggle Army Air Field. The Muggles found the four Erklings in the wreckage, two died on impact and the other two were still alive. They took the Erklings back to their base.Muggle newspapers are asserting that the event was a downed weather balloon. For those of our readers who don't know, a weather balloon is a contraption Muggles use to record the weather. They believe in studying the weather they can predict what is going to happen in the future.A Muggle farmer, the first to see the crash, gathered up pieces of the transporting cage. Aurors use a silver disc shaped cage about 12 feet long covered in thin sheets of metal and gray rubber. This is the easiest way to transport smaller dangerous creatures. It was a small cage since the four Erklings didn't take up much room and was suspended between Handley and Jacoby's brooms.Among the debris a child's art project was found made by Handley's 7 year old daughter who attends a Muggle school. This included sticks, paper, tape (clear and some with flowers on it), and glue.Muggles are reporting this as a downed weather balloon and officials are willing to let things go as there is no evidence Muggles believe this to be anything other than a normal non-magical occurrence.Western Wizarding Times July 10, 1997Roswell, New MexicoFifty years have passed since the Erklings Incident of 1947 when two Aurors crashed into the New Mexican desert near Roswell, New Mexico. The Aurors crash landed after one of the Erklings woke up from its magic-induced sleep and started trying to escape from the cage they were in. The Aurors were hurt and out for several hours. When they finally woke up they had just enough time to hide as Muggle Air Force were on the scene. Two of the Erklings had died on impact, two others (including the one that had woken up mid-flight) were still alive according to the Aurors and all four were taken by the Muggles.At the time the Secretary of the Cabinet of Wizarding Affairs chose to let things be as the original report in the Muggle papers showed that they believed it was some sort of weather balloon that had crashed.Today though, millions of Muggles believe that the crash was really a 'UFO' and Unidentified Flying Object from outer space. They believe that the Erklings were really aliens that had crash landed on earth. They believe in a top secret Muggle Base known as Area 51 where the bodies of the Erklings are studied by their government and the pieces of the cage used to transport the Erklings is really a space ship that they study and in part helped them get to the moon.Our government is willing to let the Muggles believe what they wish. And even if there is some top secret Muggle Base out there with Erklings as aliens and transport cages for space ships Muggles will still believe the most outlandish things.
