Purpose- Chapter oneAnd then his hands moved slowly downwards-No. Thought Malfoy; I will not sink so low as to dream idly of stupid. Gorgeous. Pathetic. Potter. Argh! It was just a crush, not even that. Malfoy was just so lonely and Potter was there all the time; that was all. Ever since Voldemort had been defeated and they had returned to Hogwarts to retake their NEWT year, he had noticed a change in the scar head. All his over-confidence and strutting had melted away leaving a hunched and defeated looking individual and as much as he hated to admit it, this concerned Draco.He knew Harry had taken to going to Draco's old 6th year haunt; the bathroom, because a couple of weeks ago Draco had gone in there to complain about the shame of his parents and had bumped into him. More and more they had kept meeting in the bathroom until it had almost become an unspoken agreement. Through the suffering that they had shared, an unusual bond had formed, a bond that was turning into something deeper for Malfoy.Harry walked slowly down the hall with a mental lack of direction. Lost. He was so lost. With no purpose. There was nothing for him to do, nothing to be done. His whole life had been dedicated to defeating Lord Voldemort, but now that was gone and Harry had no more prophecies to guide him and no idea what to do. Harry felt he had no purpose.His feet knew where they were going though, going to see the concerned grey eyes and the steadying hand. The only one who knew the pain he was going through. When Harry walked into the bathroom a rare, croaky whisper escaped his lips: "Draco?" No reply came. A wave of despair threatened to overwhelm him. Without knowing it, Harry had come to rely on Draco and his comforting words."He's not here", a taunting voice. Myrtle. The wave crashed.After what felt like half an hour, gentle hands wrapped around his frozen form. "Hey, hey, shh it's okay now-"Draco. For the first time in months, Harry found his real voice. "No, it is not okay. You weren't here! And Draco, I needed y-"Silence plastered the walls, then-"You needed me?" a timid voice.Harry looked up to that. He saw an adoring look in Draco's grey eyes, and drew closer. "I need you more than anyone."Slow, unsure at first, lips met. Then stronger, more powerful. Heat burned away the pain and they were free for the first time. Free together.
