She had dragged him out with her to this crowded muggle bar so they could enjoy themselves and so that she could dance with him - grind and sway their bodies together to the beat with promises of what to come later in the privacy of their bedroom - but instead he had refused to dance claiming inability and had planted himself on a barstool refusing to move. Well that was going to change! She came to dance and she was going to dance! With or without him.With that thought in mind she hopped down from her own stool to stand next to him and leaned her head in towards his ear, her lips brushing it as she spoke, "I know you don't like to dance, that you don't think you can. And that might be true, but let me tell you a secret. I can't dance very well either, but I like to anyways. It gets me excited." At this he raised his eyebrows as she continued slowly "I'm going to dance tonight no matter what you do.""You have two choices." She explained as she dragged a single finger down his chest coming to stand in front of him now, "You can sit over here lonely, not touching me, possibly watching me dance with someone else," she paused as his eyes flared in anger, as she knew they would, and she leaned in closer whispering in his ear, her hands on his upper thighs now "or, you can come with me. You can put your hands on my hips and pull me close." She pushes up against him. "You can sway your hips too, if you want to, or not. That's up to you. But I'll move mine," she gives her hips a gentle sway, "and I'll move and rub my body against yours."She quickly tea along and gently brushed her lips against his and pulled back. "Which sounds better to you?" She asked as she turned and walked away from him towards the dance floor with a small satisfied smile. She was sure to sway her hips with every satisfied step.She was by herself less than thirty seconds before he came up behind her, grabbed her hips, and pulled her back to his front roughly and firmly as his lips descended on her exposed neck. She released a chuckle that quickly turned into a moan.She knew he'd come.
