Hi! This is my new HP fanfic. This is really just an introduction to the story, explaining what had happened. I'll be getting more into the story in the first chapter. Hopefully I can get it up soon.Disclaimer: As much as I would wish to be J.K. Rowling, I'm not. Therefore these amazing characters aren't mine.PrologueOctober thirty-first, 1981 is significant to most people for a few reasons. The first being the one that everyone thinks is most significant. October thirty-first is the day the Dark Lord met his defeat. Lord Voldemort, as he called himself, had been terrorising the country for eleven years. So for this date to be most significant for that reason only is understandable.The second reason being that it was the day Harry Potter managed to defeat the Dark Lord. This, in itself, is truly remarkable, because, at the time, Harry Potter was a little over a year old. How he saved the entire wizarding world by defeating Voldemort is a mystery. He was only a baby and he managed to do something others had only dreamed of.The third reason that this date is significant is that it is the day that Lily and James Potter sacrificed their lives so that their only son would survive. This reason is often overlooked for the bigger picture, except for those who knew the couple. This reason, to me, is most significant.Why would this reason be most significant, you ask? Well, it may have something to do with the fact that Lily and James Potter did not die that day. The rest of the wizarding world, however, did not know that they did. In fact, no one but James and Lily knew that they had survived.After all, there was no evidence saying that they did. They found their bodies and buried them. Well, what they thought were their bodies. The body's that they found were mere illusions, charmed so that they felt real enough to trick those who found them.The real Lily and James woke up on the floor of the Forest of Dean the morning after the attack, confused about how they had survived and wondering what had happened with Harry. After wandering the forest for awhile, they disapparated to Godric's Hollow, only to find their house surrounded by ministry workers and random witches and wizards wanting to know if the rumours were true.No one had seen them, which was lucky because they just so happened to bring the bodies out, covered by white sheets, a little while after they arrived at the scene. Lily and James, from their position at the back of the crowd, couldn't see the bodies properly, but they assumed that they were supposedly them. They quickly left the scene before anyone could see them.They later visited Hogsmeade under polyjuice potion to find out what had happened after they had supposedly died. They learnt that Sirius had murdered Peter Pettigrew and twelve muggles and was arrested shortly afterwards. The Potter's, disguised as an old, wrinkled couple, were astounded that Sirius had murdered anyone.They also discovered that Harry had survived and was at an undisclosed location until he was taken to his guardians. No one knew who his guardians would be, but they all came to the conclusion that they would be either a relative or close friend of the family.After finding out all they wanted to know, they left Hogsmeade and went into hiding in a small muggle town, disguised as muggles.
