Chapter 1Emilia Clark was not born into the magical world of wizards and witches. Emilia, or Em for short, had a normal childhood like any other kid. Her father was a banker and her mother was a stay at home mom. Em had two siblings, an older brother and a younger sister. Her older brother, Matthew, was the smartest person she knew. Matthew was 5 years older than Em, and very independent. Matthew spent all his free time in his room studying but would always find time to talk to Em whenever she wanted to. Em's little sister, Lucie, was not like Matthew at all. Lucie was a daddy's girl. She always needed attention and this bugged Em. Lucie would always call Em a freak whenever Em did something strange. And you see strange things always happened around Em.Em would do many strange things. The first time something strange happened was one day Em was carrying a hot pan of casserole to the dinner. She didn't even make it halfway to the table when she pan slipped. Em was freaking out and then all of a sudden the pan froze in midair. Em couldn't believe what happened. She thought that no one had noticed what had just happened but it turns out Lucie did. Ever since that day Lucie hasn't stopped calling Em a freak.Up until age eleven, Em just accepted the fact that weird things happened around her. Until her Hogwarts letter came in the mail.Em will always remember that momentous. She was full of excitement but confusion. When she showed her parents the letter no one knew what to do."Are you sure this is a real school, Em?" her mother asked."Yes, I'm sure!" responded Em.Em didn't actually know for sure if this was real. Maybe Lucie was playing a prank on her and would pop out any second calling her a freak. But Em had a feeling that this was real. If this was real she would have answers for all the strange things that had happened in her life. Em talked her parents into writing back to the school for more details. The school wrote back the very next day with answers to all of their questions. That was also the day Em and her parents told the news to Em's siblings."Ha! See, I told you she was a freak!" shouted Lucie."She's not a freak!" responded Matthew. "Just because she can do things you can't, doesn't give you the right to be a brat!"The days from when Em got her letter until she left for school, Lucie didn't say a word to her. She wouldn't even go to Diagon Alley with the rest of the excited family to buy Em's books. Em was heartbroken but there was nothing she could do.
