This is set in Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone, but stuff is changed and edited. The only characters I claim ownership of is Claire Black, Willow Black, and Tobias (Toby) Black.Chapter 1 Two women - one with grey hair, and the other with pale blue  sat on one side of a mahogany table, while an aging man sat on the other side. There was 3 frantically writing magic quills, while the 2 women and the man were instructing the quills what to write. Every now and then, while the letters were folding themselves and inserting themselves into envelopes, the trio would talk."Did I thank you for those moon socks you gave me for my birthday?" The aging man's eyes twinkled as he addressed the pale blue haired lady. This man's name was Albus Dumbledore."Hm, only once, or twice, or even 50 million times, Albus. But once again, you're welcome." The younger lady exclaimed, sending Dumbledore a grin, before repeating what had to be written down for the letters. Her name was Claire Black."It seems we are nearly done with the letters now Claire, Albus. I think we deserve a treat." The grey-haired lady  whose hair, was actually out and flowing down her back  exclaimed, finishing the last letter of the list and clapping her hands together once. The normally uptight, strict professor's name was Minerva McGonagall."Butterbeer, Minerva? Or something stronger, like Firewhiskey?" Claire grinned, but was surprised when Minerva simply smiled and waved her hand agreeing. Dumbledore's eyes twinkled all the more merrily."It's in the cupboard, dear. The one next to my pensieve." Dumbledore flicked his hand towards the cupboard, Claire stood up and sort of skipped across the room, her open robe billowing behind her, showing off her tight faded jeans, and her loose jumper with the letter C on it; courtesy of Molly Weasley. She grabbed a bottle of the amber liquid and 3 medium size glasses, before skipping back to the older witch and wizard.Minerva sniffed, before taking the bottle of Firewhiskey and the glasses and pouring decent amounts of the liquid in each, before promptly throwing back the glass and downing the drink."Has Filius told you what he taught everyone last year, Claire?" Minerva asked, blinking a bit from the strong burning feeling as the liquid rushed down her throat. Claire took her glass, taking a sip and swallowing it, before deciding to answer."Yep. I've have yet to finalise my teaching curriculum though. But it shouldn't be hard enough. I'm glad that I've finished my apprenticeship, but it is quite saddening to know that this year's first years won't ever have Filius Flitwick as their Charms Professor. They get to have me, instead!" Claire exclaimed, though there was still sadness in her eyes."Yes, Filius was teaching here for many years, but as he said, he's old and would like to retire." Dumbledore said, picking up his glass and taking a long drink from it."He certainly has enough gold to last him years, he'll need it, he's going to survive for years, that part-goblin." Minerva said fondly."He was a great Charms Professor, I remember distinctly he only gave out one detention to my class in our whole time at Hogwarts, and it was to Sirius of course, for setting off fireworks during the O.W.L exams! Ah, fun times. Though, to be fair, it was my idea. And I did tell Filius that. But I was a Ravenclaw, Ravenclaw's could do no harm." Claire laughed, while Dumbledore chuckled and Minerva smiled."Ah, so that was your idea. I thought as much, Sirius was much too caught up with James to think of doing something in O.W.L exams." Minerva said, putting her empty glass on the table.After a while, Claire glanced at the ancient clock above Dumbledore's head."Oh the time. Poor firsties, they'll get their letters late, poor deWILLOW AND TOBY. Oh I forgot Willow and Toby! Oh my, I left them with Poppy! Poppy will never forgive me for leaving an 11 year old nurse-wannabe and a 4 year old loud boy in the infirmary with her!" Minerva hushed Claire. Claire's eyes were wide with barely restrained panic."Claire, calm down dear." Dumbledore instructed, and Claire obliged. "I have a feeling that if Poppy wanted to give back your children, she'll come up. Though then you might never get your darling children back. I suspect she'll come up soon, she'll probably be giving them hot chocolate and dressing them for bed. You know how she adores your children."Claire sagged down into the chair, relieved. But she was clearly still unhappy."A couple of... days ago Toby was asking about his father. And then Willow asked that, if Sirius  she still calls him D-Daddy  was locked away, then how was Toby born. Toby asked about Sirius being locked up, and Willow said that he did a bad thing, so naturally Toby wanted to know what he'd done. So they both ganged up on me to find out what Sirius had done. And I told them to go away. I-I can't do this Minerva. I just can't, Albus." Claire's eyes filled with tears, and Minerva rubbed her back comfortingly."It'll all work out, dear." Dumbledore crooned at the young mother, giving her a small smile when she glanced up at him.All of a sudden, there was a knock on the door of the Headmaster's office."Ah, Poppy has arrived!" Dumbledore exclaimed. Claire wiped her eyes, before standing up with Minerva and Albus. The door opened and it revealed three people, an older witch with her hospital uniform on, a young girl with grey eyes and wavy blonde hair and light skin, holding her teddy, and a young boy with spiky black hair, startling blue eyes and olive skin, sucking his thumb. They were both dressed in their pyjamas, and the young boy had a black dressing gown on. When they saw Claire, their eyes lit up and they rushed over with a cry of: "MUMMY!"Claire opened her arms, and whipped the young boy onto her hip, and lightly tickled the girl's side, before giving her a side hug."Did you have fun Toby?" Seeing the young boy nod, grinning, she turned to look down at the girl. "What about you Willow? Didn't disturb Aunt Poppy while she was working?" Willow shook her head fervently."Mummy, Aunt Poppy gave me a mouse, which had a broken leg, to heal! And I gave it some potion, and wrapped the leg up in a mini splint, and oh mummy, please can I go to the infirmary with Aunt Poppy tomorrow, to see how the mouse is doing?!" Willow tugged on Claire's robe while begging. Claire grinned and looked up at Poppy, whose eyes were twinkling and she was smiling the widest that Claire had ever seen."Is it alright with you, Poppy?" Claire asked, still grinning."Of course dear! Anytime! Toby and Willow are so well-behaved!" Poppy exclaimed. Claire looked down at Willow and raised an eyebrow."Fine." Claire looked up again. "Thanks so much, it'll give me time to work on my teaching plan. But then," Claire said again, facing Toby but addressing Willow as well, "You'll be staying with Grandpa and Grandma, while Mummy gets supplies for teaching. If you are good, maybe they'll let you have some Butterbeer." The two kids shrieked with excitement, and Claire put down Toby."Now Toby, Willow, where's Grandpa's hug?" Dumbledore called to the children, who turned and leaped into his outstretched arms. They quickly moved over to engulf Minerva who eagerly squished them tightly."Bed time!" Claire called, starting up the groans and begging, much to Albus and Minerva's amusement. Claire tutted. "Ah, ah, ah! Do you, Willow, want to visit Aunt Poppy or not? And you, Tobias, do you want to visit Aunt Rolandaon the Quidditch field, or not?" Claire was grinning, while the two children had horrified looks on their faces, and they raced out of the Office to go to their quarters. Claire ran to the doorway of the office."Thanks so much Poppy, and I'll be up again tomorrow Minerva, and we can see if any letters arrive, while I organise my teaching schedule. Oh, and I would like to be known as Professor Evans, it might stir up trouble if I am a Black. Goodnight Albus, Minerva, Poppy!" Claire called back as she raced down the stairs after her two over-active children. Poppy turned to look at Minerva and Albus."Does she know that the boy is coming to Hogwarts this year, and will most likely recognise the name?" Poppy asked, concern lining her voice as the foot steps quiet."No, I did his letter." Minerva answered her, her voice strained. "I discovered something startling as well, Albus." Poppy quietly left the room bidding them goodnight."What did you find out, Minerva?" Dumbledore's inquired, his usually twinkling eyes dull. Minerva charmed her hair to do itself up in its usual tight bun before sweeping off to the doorway."Harry Potter sleeps in a cupboard, Albus." Minerva walked out of the room, shutting the door and walking off to her quarters.Dumbledore was left alone, pondering the new information.If I don't get a reply soon, I'll send Claire to get the boy. She'll be I don't know how she'll react.And with that thought, the aging Headmaster entered his sleeping chambers.I hope you enjoyed the first chapter, despite the fact it was written last year and I can't be bothered editing it like I am with Cedrella Ollivander. Please leave a review telling me what needs to be improved and whatnot so when I finally get around to editing it, I know what needs to change; as I'd prefer just to heavily edit it, not re-write it. Thanks and there will be more to come!- Kiwi
