Breakfast in Bed One-ShotIt was 7:30 on the morning of their anniversary. James was never up this early if he could avoid it, so Lily knew she'd have plenty of time. Rubbing her eyes sleepily, she crept slowly out of the bed. Looking back at the sheets, she smiled to see that the lump that was James didn't even twitch. Tucking a loose hair behind her ear, Lily snuck down the stairs on her tiptoes, careful to avoid the creaky step (the seventh one from the top).She already knew what she was going to make: a classic stack of pancakes (chocolate chip, of course, James' favorite) with maple syrup; several greasy sausages; and a couple of eggs each (hard-boiled for Lily, scrambled for her husband). Suddenly starving at the thought of the breakfast, Lily hurried towards the kitchen, stopping short as she walked into the sunlit room. She blinked, hard. Twice. Her eyes narrowed at the sight before her.It looked as if it had snowed in their kitchen, with fine white powder scattered over the wooden floor and the man standing helplessly in the middle of bag of flour slumped guiltily off of the counter, a large split down the center. Before Lily could register much else, there was an exclamation of "For Merlin's sake!" and James ran a flour-coated hand through his hair.Lily couldn't help it; she burst into laughter. Jumping, James turned towards the sound. "Lily!" he shouted, his tone an interesting mix of surprised, embarrassed, and amused. Lily didn't answer, only laughed harder at the sight of the notorious mop of raven hair dusted with white and the streaks of flour on her husband's face and glasses."Your-" she said breathlessly between giggles, "your...face..." James quickly wiped at his cheek, only worsening the problem. Looking around him, he soon joined in on Lily's laughter."Happy anniversary," Lily said as they calmed down a bit. "Did you forget you have a wand?"A sheepish, childlike grin was on his face. "I was trying to do it the Muggle way," he admitted, looking like some kid caught sneaking sweets. "To make it special."Lily smiled widely. "I should have known we'd have the same idea," she said, waving her wand and cleaning the flour from the floor (though she conveniently forgot to clean her husband)."Did you like the glamour on the pillow?" James asked."Yeah, yeah, very impressive," Lily said grudgingly. "How did you manage to cause a blizzard indoors using only half a bag of flour?""It wasn't my fault!" James exclaimed. "The damn thing said tear here, it wasn't exactly clear on when to stop tearing."Chuckling, Lily leaned in to give him a quick peck on the nose, which had avoided flour-contamination. But James took the opportunity to sprinkle the white powder all over her as soon as she came near his face. "Oh, you've done it now, James Potter! No mercy for you after that!" Lily shouted, smacking him with the spatula nearby.One hour, two ingredient battles, a dropped egg, and thirteen little kisses later, breakfast was ready. And Lily decided not to tell James that he still had flour in his hair as they sat down to eat.
