SUBHUMAN MARRIAGE LAW PASSES THROUGH MINISTRY- EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELYNew Law drafted by a team of specialist assigned by Minister Cornelius Fudge himself has passed through the Council this morning, and is expected to have all parties qualified listed and compliant within the start of the new year. All registered members of the lycanthropy community as well as those who are at least half veela, giant, goblin, and vampire communities that are with the ages of 18 to 50 are expected to cooperate and report for assignment within the year. Involved parties will have a time of one month to choose a partner of their own, lest the Ministry pair them up with a suitable spouse of their specific species._Remus laid the paper back down on the Headmaster's desk quietly. He sat back nervously in the chair, waiting patiently for the older wizard to join him. He'd received a letter three days prior asking Remus to meet with him, three days before the law had been made public. Was that what this meeting was about, he wondered. Dumbledore did always seem to know more about the world than the world did, and in half the time. He fiddled with his ill-fitting wizarding robes and straightened up in his chair. He could hear footsteps coming from the other side of the door.Whether it was out of old habit or common respect, Remus stood when Dumbledore entered the room. The two men shook hands, exchanged pleasantries and sat back down on either side of the desk. Remus found it hard to sit still, even after fifteen years out of school. He'd been in this office one too many times in his first few years, and still managed to make prefect somehow. He and his friends were known for their pranks, but Remus was better at keeping them out of trouble rather than causing it. He often did the talking when they'd ended up sitting where he was now over another one of their hijinks gone astray. Today there was no need for fear of trouble or expulsion, but it did nothing to calm his mind. Today he sat here, alone."Remus, my boy..." the older man started, "I supposed you're wondering why on Earth I've asked you here. I'm going to keep it fairly simple. The answer is in fact, two fold. You see, I am in terrible need of a Defense Against the Dark Arts Teacher for the upcoming year, and you, well you just happen to be extremely over qualified. There is a fairly generous sign on bonus, and if you'd rather me prove I didn't make that up for you I can present anyone else who is in my employ's contracts, which are renewed yearly in compliance with the educational council. I will only take no for an answer if you can sit in that chair, look me in the eye and tell me you have a better offer available." Finished with his offer, the older man sat back into his office chair, arms crossed, watching the younger mans face as he thought about what was just said to him. "Remus, I do recall as you may also, all those years ago in your career counseling you had to tell the the professor to which you were assigned, in your case Slughorn, that you'd love nothing more than to teach, is this no longer the case?"Remus' eyes had shined at the idea as he listened to the Headmaster speak, but he knew deep down this wasn't a safe idea. It was absurd, even. Wizards didn't want filth of his sort teaching their children. "Professor, that is very kind. But I feel it is not entirely..." but Dumbledore cut him off once again. "Safe? Ah, I knew you'd bring that up. Always thinking of the greater good, you. Severus has generously agreed to supply you with a monthly dose of wolfsbane potion each month for as long as you are in the employ of the school." Remus eyes lit up once more, almost matching the twinkle Dumbledore's held from seeing his happiness. "I suppose you'll be accepting my offer then? Splendid! There is only one more thing I needed to speak to you about, Remus. The matter of the Marriage Law..."Ivy Holden was bustling about her bookstore, trying to restock everything and make room for the new. It may be summertime just now, but soon enough even muggle children would be going back to school, and they'd be hitting her shelves like hurricanes. She was bustling about pointing around to places that needed attention to the middle-aged muggle women she'd employed to help run the shop a year ago when it had opened. Ivy bought the store, well, whole building for a very good deal with the money her mother left her when she passed away. She'd become well acquainted and formed a decent friendship with Alice, as she was a widow with no children and Ivy an orphan with an eccentrically odd older sister. The two women had been working all morning to see that the shop was in order. By now it was at least half past eleven o'clock, nearing lunch for Alice. Ivy let the woman go early, told her to make it a long one. She locked the store up and hung the lunchtime sign on the door.She entered the flat above the store by the stairs that ran along side. She found her sister sitting in her favorite pink armchair, grinning wildly, so she sat herself down on the sofa next to her. "Hello April. I'm guessing by the stupid look on your face, you've heard back from Dumbledore, yeah?" she asked, knowing full well that was the only reason she'd be here at this time of the day. She held a job dispensing potions in apothecary outreach of St. Mungo's hospital, and didn't often leave for lunch. April smiled, brushing some of her deep chestnut hair out of her face. She always wore it short, but the bangs slightly longer and they often fell into her eyes. "YES! Dumbledore said for you to go to this address" she handed her sister a small piece of paper, " by three o'clock this evening. So since you are a mess, lets get started." She didn't wait for her younger sister to reply before taking it upon herself to run into the bedroom and come back with a bright yellow sundress, light brown leather belt and matching sandals. "Put these on!" she ordered, and Ivy did as she was told.After she was dressed, she sat quietly and let her sister buzz around her head, fixing her hair, a touch of makeup, and adding a flower for finish. "There. Now off you pop, I've taken a personal day and I'll help Alice." Ivy tried to argue but her sister once again cut her off. "I know this guy, Ivy. He's only thirty two, that may sound like its a lot older, but considering anyone up to age fifty could be paired with you, it's good. Remember, there was a twelve year difference between mom and dad, so fifteen isn't so different. His name is Remus, I was in my first year when he was a seventh. He was extremely cute, and uncommonly kind. He'd always stop and help the younger kids of any house. He was a Gryffindor prefect. And a bookworm. Right up your alley! Now go!" Ivy hugged her sister close and the two of them walked down to the stairs, Ivy stuck her wand out and boarded the Knight Bus. April waved her off and went back into the bookstore. Ivy sat back into her seat as the bus sped through London and out into the countryside, stopping at a beautiful little village to let Ivy off. She took several deep breaths and started to walk, following the instructions the Headmaster had written for her. Her heart raced, she felt dizzy, and she didn't quite understand why April didn't come with her, but she traveled on down the cobblestone road until it turned into a dirt one, letting her mind wander about how nice it must be to live in such a place.Author's Note: This is a reposting-ish of a story that was up, but I felt wasn't written very well. It may take me a bit to get all the story back up that was posted before, but this time it's getting more attention and a better written flow, I promise. If you were following before and it disappeared I'm sorry. It's staying now, pinky promise! Let me know what you think of the changes and the new stuff! As always,Happy Reading!~DuchessMoonMoon
