Hermione felt like being rebellious. Fred and George had just set off their supply of fireworks, and no one felt like doing anything other than celebrating. When she voiced this desire to Ron and Harry though, they just rolled their eyes."You? Rebellious?" Ron chuckled. "I suppose that means you'll only do half of next week's homework tonight."Hermione felt somewhat annoyed by this comment. Sure, she was a prefect and school was a huge priority for her, but that didn't mean she wasn't a rule breaker. She started to protest, saying that the D.A. had been her idea, and that she had broken plenty of rules in the past. Her words fell of deaf ears though, as Ron and Harry had called Fred and George over to talk about the elaborate fireworks display.Trying not to look too disappointed, Hermione joined in the conversation."The magic really was spectacular," she told them. "Especially the way you charmed them not to disappear."Fred winked at her smirking, clearly pleased with himself and his twin. George, on the other hand, wasn't as happy to receive the compliment."Yeah, sure," he retorted. "Let me guess, you'll be writing to our mum to tell her what a commotion we caused."Harry and Ron laughed at this, as Hermione had threatened to write to Mrs. Weasley in the past. Hermione, however, seemed hurt."No," she tried to defend herself. "Really. I think they were impressive!"George was ignoring her though. He had gone back to talking to Harry and Ron. Hermione turned away from the group and started looking at a textbook, not really reading. She was trying to disappear in a crowded room, and she would have succeeded, had it not been for Fred.Fred could tell she had been hurt by what his twin had said, but he chose not to call attention to it. He was worried that it would just embarrass her. He did make a mental note, however, to tell George that he was out of line to have said that to her.A half hour passed by, in which Fred noticed that Hermione had not once turned the page of her book. Not that he was watching, of course Determined to cheer her up, Fred poked her in the side, making her jump and the group laugh. Hermione blushed, and Fred smiled as he heard a giggle escape her lips.Slowly, the common room started to clear out, and soon only Fred, George, Hermione, Ron, and Harry remained."Still feeling rebellious, Hermione?" Harry laughed. "Or was that a momentary lapse in judgment?"Hermione blushed again, she felt like she was doing a lot of that tonight. She had been hoping that moment had slipped her friends' minds."Well, it seems the opportunity has been lost," she joked back. "I'm sure I'll be able to revel eventually though."The group chuckled, and it was on those words that Ron and Harry decided to head up to their dormitory. Fred and George were close behind them, but Fred, having forgotten to bring up his bag, was forced to re-enter the common room less than five minutes later.He found Hermione still at the table, setting out what looked like hats."What are those?" He asked her, causing her to jump."Oh, Fred!" She exclaimed. "They're Uh Hats. For the house elves Ron and Harry don't think I should be putting them out, so I've started waiting for them to leave before I place them around."She blushed as she finished explaining, knowing that the twins did not agree with her thoughts on house elf liberation. Fred smiled at her. That was something she had not been expecting. Laughter? Sure. But this smile wasn't mocking; it was genuine."What?" Hermione inquired,"You might not think you're rebellious, Hermione, but you're certainly trying to start a rebellion."This made her giggle and she looked away from him, unsure of what to say. She wasn't sure why he had been having this affect on her lately, but she was constantly giggling and blushing when he was around. She hoped he hadn't noticed."If you want to try something else rebellious, I have an idea."This surprised Hermione, but it also made her hesitate. If Fred thought it was rebellious, it might be too much for her. She decided to ask what he meant anyways."Oh really? And what would that be?""Get dinner with me tomorrow night in Hogsmeade."Hermione was shocked. The next Hogsmeade visit wasn't for another month. She couldn't back down though. She locked eyes with him and in what she hoped was a confident voice, said yes.Fred wandered back up to his dormitory, carrying hid bag with him this time. He was in an even better mood than when he originally made the trek upstairs. He opened the door and, as he expected, found everyone else to be fast asleep. He got changed and clambered into bed. He thought he would fall asleep instantly, but it would be another hour until he was finally able to drift off.He spent his time staring at the ceiling, thinking about where he should take Hermione. Not that it should be a big deal of course. It was just her attempt at rebellion. Not a date. Definitely not a date.
