I walked slowly down the corridor of the Hogwarts Express, this was my first year attending Hogwarts and all of the compartments that I passed were full. Starting to feel hopeless about getting a place to sit I finally found one that consisted of only four boys, they all looked to be first years too. I knocked on the door as I opened it and the four boys looked at me."Erm You don't mind if I sit with you do you? Everywhere else is full," I said shyly."We don't mind," said one of the boys this one had very untidy looking black hair that stuck up everywhere."I'm Lena Atria," I said as I sat the closest I could to the compartment door feeling quite uncomfortable."I'm James Potter," said the one of the untidy black hair."I'm Sirius Black," said the boy sitting next to James, he also had black hair. The way he spoke made me feel like this one was going to be up to no good in no time at all."I'm Remus Lupin," the boy sitting across from Sirius quietly said. He seemed to be a little shy and wary of me. This one had brown hair and dark rings under his eyes, he looked as though he hadn't slept in days."I'm Peter Pettigrew," said the last boy. He too had brown hair but he seemed to be a little nervous and the look on his face kind of made him look like he was quite possibly stupid."What house do you want to be put in?" asked James giving me a kind of look. He made me feel as though this were a test and if I said the wrong house I would fail."I want to be put in Gryffindor but I feel like I'm going to be put in Ravenclaw, that's the house that my parents were in," I said and James quit giving me the look and replaced it with a gigantic smile."That's great! Gryffindor is where I want to be too!" He proclaimed and the rest all nodded with him."We will be arriving at Hogwarts in five minutes," a voice squeaked over the intercom quite some time later. I was feeling great and accepted by the group of boy that I had met, for the first time in my life I felt like I might actually belong! I had spent so much time being the outcast every that I went, even with my own family. Now I just had to get into the same house as at least one of these boys during the sorting."I wonder how they sort us," I nervously as the train was slowing to a stop. "What if it's some sort of test we have to pass?""It's not a test," said Sirius shortly. "It's with a hat, a hat decides and places you into the house you belong in." We all gave Sirius a sympathetic look, we all knew he didn't want to be placed into Slytherin but it was likely he would be, the rest of his family had been Slytherins.Five minutes later we were all getting off of the train, it had finally made it's dramatic stop at a platform. A gigantic man was standing with a lantern at the end shouting, "Firs' years over here! Firs' years over here!" We gradually pushed our way through the chaos on the platform and reached him. We must have been the last ones there because shortly after we had reached the big bearded man we were all walking toward the lake where doesn't of rowboats where lined up along the shore."We're going to have to split up," said Remus cautiously, "the boats only hold four people." We all looked at each other wondering who would be the first to decide to go with strangers."I'll go in a different boat," I muttered, I was used to being the outcast who had to split away from my group. Feeling dejected I walked toward a boat that two other people were boarding."Wait! I'll go with you!" Remus called after me, the hurt must have shown on my face before I had turned away from them. Remus had to have been feeling sorry for me, no one else ever seemed to care."You don't have to," I told him, not wanting to drag him away from his friends."No, I want to go.""Alright," I said and we climbed into the boat with to two other first years. They were both girls in the boat with us. One of them had shoulder length straight black hair that covered their face and the other had straight long red hair and green eyes."Hello," said the redhead timidly, "I'm Lily Evans." She reached out a hand to us to shake."I'm Lena Atria," I said trying to sound confident in myself instead of nervous. I'm pretty sure that my hand shake with her had betrayed me though because my hand itself was shaking."I'm Remus Lupin," Remus said quietly shaking her hand after me, seeming pretty confident."I'm Serverus Snape," said the black haired one, that just moments before I was for sure that he was a girl.Remus must have been thinking the same as me because he said, "Ahh, very nice to meet you Serverus." We sat the rest of the way to the school across the lake in an overwhelmingly awkward silence.There were a lot of 'Ooos' and 'awws' when the gigantic illuminated castle that must be Hogwarts came into sight. The place was a lot bigger than I had expected it to be.'How am I ever going to find my way around this place?' I thought looking up at the welcoming castle that stood before us as we walked up the lawn to the castle in groups, we had finally reunited with James, Sirius, and Peter.Finally, our journey ended in a hall where we were told to wait until a professor came to collect us for the sorting. Everyone was standing and talking nervously with the people next to them. Even when James spoke he seemed to be getting a little nervous.
