A/n: Please ignore the fact that I haven't updated my Harry/Hermione fic in months. I've had a serious case of writer's block! Don't judge me! Disclaimer: As much as I would love to be JKR, I'm not. So I don't own anything. Naturally. Hermione darted around a corner, crouching down low and pausing to examine her situation. Currently, she was dueling with the Carrow brother, but his sister was nearby, almost finishing off Parvati Patil. Alecto would be sure to assist her brother in the task of torturing the Mudblood. She wished, desperately, that she could step in to rescue her old school friend, but her own situation proved almost near impossible. "Come out, come out, wherever you are," Amycus called. "Let's see that pretty mud blood all over the castle floor."Hermione sneered, but leaned against the wall to prepare herself for the next move. She readied her wand. "Miss Mudblood!" A female voice taunted, and Hermione assumed it was none other than Alecto Carrow. "We're getting impatient!"Taking a deep breath, Hermione spun around, shooting a variety of nonverbal curses flying at the Death Eater siblings. Shocked, they were a little slow on the uptake, and Amycus froze for a fraction of a second, hit by a weak immobilizing spell. "You've got to do better than that!" he yelled, and shot another spell, causing Hermione to put up her own Shield Charm.Dean Thomas materialized next to her, sporting a swollen lip and a bloody shoulder. She looked at him intentlyor as intently as she could while deflecting curses. "Hiya, Hermione," he said, almost cheerfully, and lights flew from the tip of his wand to the Carrow twins."Hey, Dean," she managed, just as casually. She shot an Impedimenta at Alecto and she crumpled, almost gracefully, to the ground, her robes pooling around her. It almost seemed to be in slow-motion. Amycus roared, his fat face turning purple and ugly with anger. Hermione took a deep breath and was filled with an overwhelming sensation of dread. Whatever he had planned, it wasn't pretty. She raised her wand, preparing for a simple Protego, but whatever the curse was, it was a fast one.Hermione was hit square in the chest, and fell forward on her knees with the sheer strength of it. "Hermione!" Dean yelled, and rushed to her side, panicked now. She grasped at her chest with shaking hands; it was growing unbearably hot. Black, shiny boots appeared in her field of vision and she looked up to see Amycus Carrow towering over her. He was sneering."See you at Hogwarts, Mudblood," he said, and then the darkness overcame her."Moony, I just don't see what you mean""Sirius, think about it. As much as every girl fancies you, I'm nearly a hundred percent sure that not a single girl in Hogwarts likes being kicked out of your room the next morning.""Moony's right, mate. Birds are fragile. Just think of Lil"The four boys came to a dead halt in the corridor, which was entirely empty except for a still body lying on the floor in front of them. Sirius stared at the figure, which was obviously a girl. Her hair was tied in a braid, with several pieces falling loose. She was wearing rather strange Muggle clothingjeans that were tight at the bottom, and a purple jacket with a hood and a zipper. She was covered in a multitude of cuts and bruises; and a pretty nasty one above her left eyebrow. Her eyes were closed, and she didn't look like she was breathing. "Remus?" Wormtail asked, looking to the prefect among them. "She looks dead. Should we leave her here or""Peter, shut up!" James exclaimed, stepping forward and pressing two fingers to the girl's neck, just under her chin. "She's alive," he said to his friends, his voice filled with relief. They were on their way back to the dormitories from detention with McGonnagal he couldn't imagine the sorts of questions that would be asked if they found a strange dead girl in the corridor. "Padfoot, help me carry her to the Hospital Wing," James ordered, kneeling down and sliding an arm under the girl's frail form."H-Harry?" a soft voice murmured, and he looked down at the girl in shock. He wasn't expecting her to wake any time soon, let alone speak. The girl made eye contact with himher eyes were a deep, chocolate brown, much like his own. She gasped, her dark eyes widening infear?"Sorry, love, no Harry here. I'm James. James Potter." He watched as the girl clenched her eyes shut and shook her head vigorously. James looked up at his friends, who were standing rather helplessly. Sirius shrugged, looking sheepish. "I'm going to take you to the Hospital Wing now, okay?" The girl said nothingshe appeared to be in a severe state of shock. James lifted her easily she weighed practically nothing. "Everything is going to be all right," he murmured into the mystery girl's ear, and headed off toward the Hospital Wing.Hermione awoke to a bright, blinding light. She blinked furiously, trying to get her vision back, and took in her surroundings quickly. She was lying in an awfully comfortable bed, covered with white linens. Confused and scared, she scrambled to find her wand, but then let out a small scream when she noticed the figure sitting silently next to her.Professor Dumbledore."What is going on?" She said loudly. "Where is my wand? Give me my wand!" She was shrieking at the man now, almost hysterically, but his face remained impassive as he handed over her wand from the bedside table."Please stop shouting, Miss. And it would be in your best interest to lie back down before Madam Pomfrey returns. You have rather extensive damage on your head." As he said this, Hermione felt the shooting pain above her eyeit felt like an extremely intense headache. "I'm Professor Dumbledore.""I know," she blurted. "Are you a ghost?"Dumbledore smiled slightly, and chuckled. "I can't say I am. But what is your name, Miss?""Tell me what is going on, please," Hermione said softly, leaning back against the pillows and clutching her wand tightly to her chest. She couldn't tell if this whole situation felt like a nightmare or a daydream. She was, for the most part, safe, but in the company of her dead headmaster. "Am I dead?"The old man chuckled again. "No, you aren't dead. Two nights ago, James Potter and his friends discovered you in our castle. You were semi-conscious, and as Mr. Potter and Mr. Black explained it, you seemed extremely delirious. You said something about someone named Harry. I visited you myself, but you were still unconscious. So, I will ask you again. What is your name, and why are you in our school?" He sounded almost angry, and Hermione had to take a few deep breaths to process the information. James Potter? Mr. Black? What in Merlin's name did that Death Eater hit her with?Judging by the tone of Dumbledore's voice, she decided that honesty was the best policy. "The story I'm about to tell you will probably violate every rule ever written, so I'm asking that you keep this information to yourself, sir. I believe that I have time-traveled involuntarily from the year 1998. My name is Hermione Granger. I was dueling one of Voldemort's supporters, and I was hit with a curse. And then I woke up here."Dumbledore's eyes widened. " A time travel curse? I believe we will have to research that." He paused. "Where were you traveling from?""Exactly the same place that I appeared, I would expect. The second floor Transfiguration corridor." Dumbledore looked down, deep in thought. "Sir, I have to get back. My friends need me, and the battle""Miss Granger, I am afraid that there is no returning to your own time until more research can be conducted on the curse that brought you here to us. In the meantime, however, I believe that it is in your best interest to continue your education while you are here. What year were you in?""Seventh, professor. I was a Gryffindor.""You will start tomorrow. Although, I believe you should take on a new name, as people will be sure to recognize you in your future. I think a change of surname should suffice.""Hermione Miller," she said, after a moment of hesitation, thinking of her childhood friend from Muggle primary school. Rachael Miller."Miss Miller," Dumbledore said softly, probably testing to see if the made-up surname sounded convincing. "Yes, that's quite all right. You will start classes tomorrow morning. I think it's best to inform the other students that you are a transfer from America." He closed the door of the wing, and Hermione Grangerno, Millerwas alone in the Hospital with nothing but her thoughts to keep her company.
