Woosh.Olive Campton was sitting in front of her family TV when something came flying into her front room. It was probably some kind of bird. It sounded big, like it had a rather large wing span. Something was dropped onto the couch next to her when her Mother came rushing towards her. The look on her faces was probably priceless. Olive kind of wished she could see it."Olive, why is there an owl perched next to your head?" Her mother asked, wary of the birds large talons and sharp beak."Is that what it is? I wasn't sure. Anyway, it dropped this." Olive swiped her hand over the surface of the couch until she felt a change in texture, and held up whatever it was the owl had dropped. Her mother took it from her hand and became surprisingly quiet. All that could be heard was her abnormally heavy breathing."What is it? A letter? Flyer? Strangely thin catalogue?""Just give me a minute, sweetie"Olive waited. And waited. She was particularly good at waiting. Her childhood consisted largely of waiting. Waiting for destinations to be reached. Waiting for a parent to read to you. Waiting at the doctors office in the early morning, thanking whichever deity you could think of that you could miss the beginning of school. In fact, Olive had spent so much of her life waiting, that she had made up countless games to occupy her time. One of her favourites was one where she slowly blocked out everything around her, until she began to feel an odd floating sensation. Another was one where she pretended to lose her hearing, or her sense of taste. She found it fascinating, thinking about how her life would differ if she had been born dumb. However, her favourite pass-time, and the one she indulged in most often, was imagining what different things looked like. Trees, birds. flowers. She often cried when she imagined what her mother looked like, or how her father had looked when he was her age. Being blind was something you dealt with, and 17 years without sight was quite an achievement, in Olive's honest opinion."Mum? Is whatever you're reading really long, or am I losing my gauge on time? Mum?""It's fine sweetie. The letter isn't very long, just very surprising, and a little suspicious. And no, you haven't lost your gauge on time." Olive felt the couch sink with the weight of her mother."What does it say?" She heard the crinkle of paper that suggested that her mum was preparing the letter, then the sigh that meant she was preparing herself."Boarboils School of Witchcraft and""Wait a second. Boarboils? The hell kinda name is that? What, is it meant to be some half-assed Hogwarts parody? I mean, come on. Who does this person think they're kidding?" Olive scoffed, but heard her mother sigh again. "Sorry, you can keep going now.""Thanks. Now where was I before I was so rudely interrupted?"Boarboils School of Witchcraft and WizardryHeadmistress: Myfanwy Mayhugh (Order of Merlin, First Class)Dear Miss Campton,We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Boarboils School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.Yours Sincerely,Flora FlitstoneDeputy Headmistress"Olive was conflicted. On one hand, this was amazing. Magic. Real life magic, and she was a part of that world. On the other hand, magic. This was just something that happened in books and movies. There was no way this could be real. Either way, there was currently an owl perched by her head, probably waiting for her to make a decision, write it down, and send it back to it's home. 'This has to be a prank. Someone must just have it out for me, or something. What the hell is going on?!'"Sweetie, there's another page.""Go on. I can't read it for myself.""It concerns your father." Olive's mother was extremely quiet. She was so quiet that Olive could barely hear her breathing, and Olive was extremely good at hearing. There was that whole trope about the senses. 'When one sense diminishes, the others increase'. This wasn't complete bullshit, it was just that without having to worry about sight, she could concentrate better on her other senses. She had spent time honing her hearing to a point where she could hear her mother talking on the phone from the other side of their house. She had learnt how to differentiate between different types of apples, just by their taste. it wasn't an automatic ability, but something you had to train. Ant it wasn't doing her any good right now. She couldn't taste words, or feel them like they were embossed."Go on.""Olive,We hear at Boarboils are aware that you are blind, and request that you arrive here at school a couple of days early, should you accept our offer. We wish to discuss your plans on how you are to attend classes with the other students. you may not realise, but seeing can be an important part of the magical process.I feel you should know that your father, David Campton, was a dear friend to many of us. It was such a tragedy when he died. We are all truly sorry for your, and your mother's, loss. You were put onto our waiting list as soon as you were born, but your file got lost during the war. Please forgive us for being so slow to get in touch with you.Professor Flitstone will be coming to take you to Dragonstone Alley, and will assist you with purchasing your school supplies. She will also escort you to your accommodation until you arrive at Boarboils.Hoping to hear from you soon,.Myfanwy Mayhugh"Silence. Not the silence you get when no one's talking, but propper silence. Olive could hear nothing, to the point where she thought she'd gone deaf. Then she heard the owl hoot, obviously becoming impatient. it must have had to fly a long way to get to her. After all, Perth was not the easiest place to ship to, even by owl. And now it had to fly all the way back to England, probably."I think i should make my decision pretty soon, don't you? I mean, no point prolonging it, right?" She shrugged. "I'll go. it sounds pretty cool. Very 'faux Harry Potter'. I like that"Her mother gasped"But what if it's a prank? Someone trying to embarrass you, or get back at you for something." Olive's Mum was obviously very nervous. She could feel her fidgeting, hear the paper in her hands crinkling."Who ever they were, they know about dad. Does anyone around here know about him? No. They all think he's on a research trip in India, or something. I'm going." She groped around for the letter, snatching it out of her mother's hand. Once she'd turned it over to the side she assumed had nothing on it, she held out her hand for a pen. Her mother placed one in her hand. Scribbling her reply on the paper, she felt a sense of excitement wash over herself."What did you say?" Her mother's voice was high and wavering. She was nervous. Of course she was. She'd spent 17 years looking after her daughter, and was just now letter her go for the first time. Anyone in her situation would have been nervous."I said they could come an get me when they're ready. It's not like i have any friends to say goodbye to. My last friend left at the end of year five. Anyway, i have at least until this owl gets back to the,. Could you attach this to it's leg, or something?" Handing her mother the piece of paper, she headed towards her bedroom.
