Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. This is only for enjoyment.Hi readers! I dont know if anyone will read this but it is my first story so give it a try! This is my take on a read the books with the marauders but with a spin. Harry is actually Anna Kate! The real first chapter will be posted tomorrow.Prologue:Suddenly, a red, hot, burst of light surrounded several people from different eras. These people ended up in a large, circular, living room. If these people were to look around, they would see the beginning of a large corridor heading to other rooms. These included precisely ten bedrooms, several bathrooms, a sitting room that could hold around 25 people, and a kitchen that would produce food with a simple command conjuring what food you want, when you want it."Where are we?" murmured an extremely confused Lily Evans."No idea" replied an equally bemused James Potter.In another red flash of light, not unlike the one that brought the several people to the room, appeared and everyone covered their eyes. Once the light dimmed down, everyone could clearly see seven books in the middle of the large ring of couches, armchairs, and beanbags. Professor McGonagall, who was closest to the books, picked up a white envelope that was sitting atop the several large books. Professor McGonagall started to read the letter aloud.Dear Lily Evans, Molly WeasleyJames Potter, Authur WeasleyRemus Lupin, Professors McGonagall and DumbledoreSirius Black, Severus SnapeAlice Prewett, Frank Longbottom,Jessica Granger,Andrew Granger,Hello! Sorry about the ruff landing by the way.You are here to read about my life story! (beware my thoughts, may cause scarring) Anyway, Courtesy of my best friend Hermione and older Professor Dumbledore, we have decided that too much of the second wizarding war was left to chance. We have sent you to a time hallow, (where no time passes) so that you can read my story and hopefully change my life for the better.I have faith that you will figure out about me on my journey through the books. However I do have some warnings.DO NOT UNDER ANY CERCUMSTANCES hurt anyone. Every Person in the room you are currently at is GOOD. *cough cough Snape and Black*DO NOT try to leave the time hallow.Now that that's clear, about the future. After the first chapter, I will send five ten year old kids. Anna Kate Potter, Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley, Justin Weasley, and Neville Longbottom. You will understand why they are there. I promise.You can eat whenever you feel like and sleep whenever you feel like however, the books will not progress if everyone is not paying attention except for the children. Meaning, Eat and sleep as a group. If someone is not present, you may not progress with anything.At the end of the book series, the parents will have a chance to spend time with their 17 year old children. (Trust me. You will all cherish that time)Cheers and Happy Reading!-The Golden Trio (Anna Kate Potter, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger)Neville LongbottomJustin WeasleyPossibly rest of Weasley kids if you wishP.S. we are monitoring you so we will send letters if you guys ask us questions. Just say our name, and then state your question. Hermione's idea. She's brilliant!"Well, this is interesting." Stated Sirius."Yes it is peculiar" replied Professor McGonagall."It seems we may be here for a long time. I suggest starting the reading?" asked a sandy blonde haired teenager by the name of Remus Lupin."I'll read first" said Professor Dumbledore. "The first book is Anna Kate Potter and the Sorcerers Stone""Chapter One, The Girl Who Lived"Please leave a review so I know what to improve on. Thanks!
