"Is this what they fought for? Is this what they died for? Did they kill my parents, your parents and countless others to just to slip on a different colour hood? For too long have we cowered in the corner, hiding behind our blood stained house crest. Are we forever going to stand by in acceptance as we are denied what we deserve? Because if we do, we will never get it. You will never get that job you worked so hard for after you graduate. You will never get to eat in the best restaurants or drink in the best bars or shop in the best shops. You will never get to marry the person you truly love. All because of choices made my those you share a name with, those who most of us have never even met. And a choice made by a talking hat when we were 11 years of age. Slytherin. Slytherin. Slytherin. The house that haunts us, the house that defines us and the house that will continue to hold us back our entire lives. But I am not ashamed my friends. I am not ashamed to be here now with you. I am not bitter, twisted or angry that this is where I sleep at night. This is where we sleep at night, the reviled generation, the sons and daughters of the worst of them all, this is where we sleep at night and this is where we will continue to sleep for the rest of our lives. And I for one am fucking proud. I am proud to be a Slytherin and to be with you right now. Because this is our real family. The people in this room now, not the blood supremacist maniacs that didn't stick around to raise us or the reformed cowards who snivel and suffer their way through this mess of a life. No, this is our family and not even they can take that away from us. They can call us their names, they can beat us until we are bloody and they can deny us every right a witch or wizard should have but they cannot take us away from us. Only together can we change things. Only together can we put an end to this. This is Weasley's world. And I for one don't want to live in it anymore!"Wild cheers and applause rang around the dank, decaying dungeon as the boy jumped down from the table into the throng surrounding him. Accepting handshakes, claps on the back and kisses from the more forward girls, the boy grinned in delight, passion still burning in his bright blue eyes as he made his way through the room. As he reached the edges of the room he glimpsed a flash of purple hair as the door to the common room slammed shut. He had to act fast. Putting his wand to his throat he uttered the spell."Sonourous."His sly and melodic voice boomed all around as he began."Excuse me my friends, but I have to take my leave of you."He grinned as the groans echoed around the room, particularly revelling in the crestfallen look upon the pretty blonde that he just noticed was clutching his arm."I know, I know but detention calls. Yet another miscarriage of justice. Potter hexes me and I'm the one to get the punishment."The crowd booed and he knew he was away without incident. Normally after such a speech he would bask in the adulation for a while before the inevitable descending of the Slytherin elite, who would dissect every word he had said and not allow him to escape until well after midnight. But he was in no mood for such distractions today. He lifted the charm and gracefully stepped out of the common room, the portrait hole closing with a thud and the voices that had just seconds ago been so loud and invasive giving way to a peaceful silence. He closed his eyes for a moment, briefly forgetting why he had rushed out here before a voice awoke him to his purpose."Nice speech. A little too repetitive if you ask me. And all that family stuff? Cut the fucking bullshit Edwards."Rufus Edwards opened his eyes to see a short purple haired girl leaning casually against the opposite wall, a smirk plastered on her face as she looked at him expectantly."Always a pleasure Elle." he smirked back, enjoying the brief flash of anger that clouded her features."Only my friends call my that, as you well know.""Friends? As in plural? We both know that you only have one Eleonora, if we can even call that a friendship. It's more like teacher and pupil is it not, the way you follow him around like a lost Hufflepuff. And where pray is the elusive Malfoy this evening. He more than most should have reason to believe in our cause. Does he want to be a pariah in his own house as well as the rest of the world?""He's around," Eleonora stated casually. "Some people just have a problem trusting you and your friends Edwards. Sure your words are pretty and those blue eyes are just so adorable but some of us remember what happened the last time this house began mindlessly following a shadowy group with a questionable name.""You sound like Albus fucking Potter," Rufus said, his anger beginning to surface at the uncooperative girl in front of him. "The Unity group is the real thing Eleonora. No hidden agendas, no secret resurrection rituals or blood purity tests. We just want our basics rights in the Wizarding community back.""If your so transparent then why all the secrecy Edwards? The out of sight meetings, the hidden identities. And your leader? La Volpe isn't it? The Fox. Very appropriate for someone who no-one has ever seen in public before. How can you trust someone that nobody knows?""I know enough. And I know that if he was to show himself in public he'd be thrown in prison quicker than you can say Slytherin.""That's a bollocks excuse. If he believed in your struggle so much then he wouldn't even be afraid to take the killing curse for it."Rufus seethed at the girl. Did she not understand? She had suffered just as much, maybe even more than him in this school thanks to the so-called 'golden generations' children, children who parroted their battle scarred parents words and presented them as facts to the rest of the world. She had been cursed, hexed, and abused her entire school life, with no promise of it ending when she finally broke free of this castle, yet still she did not show any inclination towards the cause. He knew the source of the problem was Scorpius Malfoy. The most talented wizard of his generation, the potential to be greater than them all, but unwilling to step outside his brilliant mind for even a second to help those who needed it. Eleonora was the only person he ever showed any signs of caring towards. The odd couple who acted above it all. Rufus felt the rage grow inside him at the sheer ignorance of them, the selfishness. He decided quickly to go on the offensive."Well my my, aren't we feeling brave this evening Elle? I didn't't realise you were allowed to engage in this sort of discussion without Malfoy's approval. Normally you just stand back and let him do all the actual work don't you? Tell me is that what you do in his bed as well?" Rufus sneered at her, knowing he'd hit his mark.There was a sudden flash of red light and he was thrown back, crashing against the portrait hole with a thud and landing in a heap on the floor. He looked up just in time to see his wand fly into the raging girls hand as she stalked towards him, now wielding both weapons pointed right at his heart."You think you can mess with me like that you fucking prick?" she spat out.Rufus was quiet for a second and then began to chuckle softly, soon turning into full blooded laughter."What have you got to laugh about dickhead?" Eleonora questioned, venom laced through her words."It's you Elle. So enthralled to your emotions that reason is thrown out the window. Tell me what would dear Scorpious say if he saw this? Saw you pointing my own wand at my chest? Do you think he would be impressed?"Rufus saw the flicker of uncertainty in her eyes as the reality of the situation she had got herself into became clear. He waited for her to speak. She did not oblige, but after a few seconds she composed herself, lowered her wand and threw his back at him, which he caught deftly. He stood up with as much elegance as he could muster, brushing the dirt off his robes as he did so. Finally he turned around to see Eleonora, wand hanging limply by her side, looking at him with a mixture of defiance and regret."I apologise for the crass comments," he began, much to the shock of the witch in front of him. "They were uncalled for. However.."His voice dropped to a near whisper."You do not point your weapon at me ever. Do you understand? You do not attack me again. You do not spread your rubbish about our movement. Otherwise I might start making my own enquiries. I might start asking questions about the Chamber of Secrets. What is it you two are getting up to down there Elle? Because I know you're not really sleeping with him, it's neither of your style. I've heard rumours, not pleasant ones at that, and for all your talk of how you don't trust me and Unity, its you two who are messing around with magic if they are to be believed, pushing it to dark places where you have no need to go. Just watch yourself Eleonora. Don't just blindly follow him. Because one day soon your going to have to choose a side. Both of you are."Eleonora studied him as he spoke, and she couldn't help but feel a chill. His eyes were steel and his voice harsh and she understood now why Scorpious had warned her about him, specifically telling her it was a bad idea to get involved with him, a piece of advice which she had predictably ignored. She had waited by the portrait hole earlier, knowing he would follow her if he caught a glimpse, knowing they would have this confrontation. She did not however expect to lose control like she had. He got to her there was no doubt about it. He had a certain power about him. Yes she knew she could batter him in a duel, but if Scorpious had taught her anything it was that there were different kinds of power, more subtle and artistic kinds and Rufus was certainly a master of them. But she would not give him the satisfaction of thinking he'd won. Not today. She cleared her mind like she had been taught, stowed her wand away and turned to leave before delivering her parting shot."I know which side I'm on Edwards," she began."My fucking side."
