Disclaimer: STILL don't own Harry Potter D: STILL own my OCs :D A/N: I'm really torn between happiness and sadness, as this is the next to last book, but this is going to be the story with the MOST canon divergence at the end. I have a really good plan for their seventh year, though, and I'm uber excited to write these. To everyone who's reviewed, followed, and favorited, thank you! As always, I love reviews and if there's anything I can improve on, hit me up!Summary: The Second Wizarding War has, according to the Ministry of Magic, officially begun. Charlotte and the gang are back for their sixth year at Hogwarts, but alongside the struggles of adolescence, a dangerous plan is in place. All Charlotte's wishing for is everyone she knows to stay safe, but with Voldemort in control, that's not possible anymore. Can she and Harry save the wizarding world together or will her friendship with Draco Malfoy drive the cousins apart?Chapter One: The Wedding"Charli! Your O.W.L. results are here!" Samuel Potter called up the stairs the morning of her sixteenth birthday.She, half asleep, slid down the banister like always, ran into Remus and almost knocked him down on the way. When she picked up the envelope, she ripped it open and unfolded the parchment inside.Ordinary Wizarding Level ResultsCharlotte Elaine Potter has achieved:Ancient Runes- OAstronomy- ACharms- EDefense Against the Dark Arts- EDivination- AHerbology- EHistory of Magic- OPotions- OTransfiguration- O"How'd you do?" Samuel asked, peering over her shoulder. "Remus! Come in here! She got nine O.W.L.s!"Remus laughed quietly. "Congratulations.""Thanks!" She let out a breath. "This is the best birthday present ever!""I'm so proud of you." Samuel embraced her. "Congratulations, Charli."-HP-"I'll only say this one time, Samuel. You're a complete dunderhead." Professor Snape's voice carried into the kitchen, where a couple other house-elves, including Dobby, had been hired to help with the food for the wedding."Yes, I'm aware, Severus, as you have constantly reminded me throughout our friendship. However, I do appreciate that you're here and standing as my best man even though I'm about to marry the man who helped make your life hell."Charlotte and Isobel rolled their eyes. Sirius had been isolated in the den with his two groomsmen because, although this was not a traditional wedding, Samuel refused to let Sirius see him. "Come on, let's get you dressed." Isobel said happily, pulling her back into her room.The scarlet red dress laid on her bed, along with the golden heels to accompany it. Charlotte dutifully undressed, pulling the dress on. "Zip me up, Is."Isobel obliged before sitting Charlotte down and fixing her hair in an intricate braided bun at the nape of her neck. Charlotte noticed the unopened envelope, addressed to her by her mother on the dresser, but she was going to wait for a while to open it. Isobel then spun her around, applying a hint of makeup. "You look stunning!" Isobel gushed. "Now, go downstairs with your dad. I'll be down soon."She did, and Samuel smiled broadly at her. His classic black dress robes fit him perfectly, as did Professor Snape's. "You're absolutely beautiful, Charli.""Thanks, Dad. So are you." They waited a few minutes. Charlotte noticed Samuel was running his hand through his hair for the fifth time in ten minutes. "Dad, seriously, stop."She'd finally hit her growth spurt and was now a solid five feet, five inches. "Sorry. Nerves.""Oh please." She scoffed. "He's gonna jump you before the end of the ceremony."Then, it was time. Samuel took his place, looking very happy, but also nervous. He raised his hand to run it through his hair again and Snape slapped the back of his head, making everyone laugh. The music, All You Need Is Love by the Muggle band the Beatles, began to play and Remus appeared in simple black dress robes, leading the procession. Harry's scarlet dress robes, the same shade of her dress, complemented his skin tone and he grinned at her as he took his place beside Remus. Sirius, however, in striking white dress robes and his smooth hair in a ponytail, practically bounded down the aisle, looking every bit the excitable dog he could turn in to. He smiled brightly when he reached the altar and Samuel finally relaxed. "Ladies and gentlemen, we are gathered here today to celebrate the union of two faithful souls"Charlotte glanced around the people assembled. All the Order was there and a few Ministry people as well, since Samuel had been reinstated as the new Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement a couple weeks back. Fred and George beamed at her, which she returned, and then, she saw Seamus sitting with Isobel and Dean. Her stomach twisted into a knot, remembering what Fred told her before he left. She turned her glance back to the happy couple, in time for the ring exchange. "Do you, Samuel Lucas, take Sirius Orion to be your lawfully wedded husband from now until death do you part?""I do." Samuel said firmly, placing the gold wedding band where it belonged."And do you, Sirius Orion take-""I do." Sirius interrupted the minister, slipping Samuel's new gold wedding band on his finger.The guests laughed. "Very well. I now declare you bonded for life. You may kiss the groom."Samuel, to everyone's astonishment, wasted no time and kissed Sirius passionately. "I love you, Sirius.""I love you too." Sirius kissed him again. "Now, where's the food?""Would everyone stand up, please?" The wizard minister said loudly.They all did and the chairs vanished, leaving tables and new chairs behind and the drinks and food appeared on the long table in the center of the backyard of Potter Manor, along with a black and white dance floor. Sirius immediately led Samuel out to the dance floor for their first dance as husband and husband. "They're ridiculous." Harry said affectionately."No kidding. At least you won't have to live with them." Charlotte responded, watching Snape place a wrapped box on the gift table before he sat down."Consider yourself lucky, Harry." Remus added before Tonks, looking very pretty in a black and white dress, walked over."Wotcher." She greeted them. "Care to dance, Remus?""I, uh, don't really-" He was oddly flustered."Neither do I." Tonks dismissed his negative response. "Come on." Her hair was black for once and Charlotte could finally see the resemblance between her and Sirius.Remus sighed and followed her. "Five Galleons they fancy each other." Charlotte whispered."You're on." Harry whispered back, shaking on the deal. Hermione joined them, looking stunning in a ruffled lilac dress. Harry's stature changed, and he smiled nervously at his best friend. "D-Do you want to dance?"Hermione flushed. "Yes, Harry. I'd love to."They joined the other couples on the dance floor. Isobel and Dean brushed past, heading out there as well. Fred was dancing with his date, Katie Bell. George was with Angelina, and Ginny was dancing with Neville, her date, although Charlotte noticed Oliver Wood's eyes kept flickering to the pretty redhead. "Could I interest you in a dance, Oliver?" She asked, walking over to him.He shrugged. "Sure."They started swaying to the music and she asked, "So, Oliver, you think Ginny's pretty, don't you?"He nodded. "She's a damn good Quidditch player too. Is she, uh, seeing anyone?""I don't really know. I'll talk to her though.""I'd appreciate that, Charli."They broke apart when the music stopped and it was time for the best mam toast. Remus went first, standing with a glass of butterbeer in his hand. "I can honestly say I'm not surprised about any of this." He started. "Samuel's brother, James, was always Sirius's best friend, but there was different connection between him and Sam from the very beginning. I wish them the very best and am honored that I can call both of them my dearest friends. To Sam and Sirius." He toasted them to cat-calls and applause.Snape stood up next. "I only have a couple things to say. First off, I'm absolutely positive Samuel lost his mind for this, but I do know Bla-Sirius makes him happy. That said," he turned directly to Sirius and continued, "Samuel's one of the few people I can call my friend and if you ever hurt him, it will be the last thing you do. Until then, I wish you the best."Then, Charlotte stood up. "For as long as I can remember, it's been Dad and I against the world, assisted by my two lovely godfathers, Remus and Severus, but he was always sad. That changed when Sirius came back into his life. I've never seen Dad happier and, Uncle Sev, I've already threatened him, but thank you for that." The guests laughed. "I'm glad Dad's found love again, and, although I can't promise there won't be any pranks on the new couple, I have a feeling I just got the best step-father ever. Dad, Sirius, I love you both. Congratulations."The reception ended a little later, after the speeches, and Charlotte started inside the house, but Seamus stood there, looking extremely handsome in robes of dark grey. "Nice speech." He said, not looking at her."Thanks.""Um, can we talk?""About what?""About our fight." He stated, finally making eye contact. "I understand I was a prick and I said some things and did some things I shouldn't have, but I miss yah.""Seamus, I've already forgiven you." He relaxed, his face lighting up. "But, I'm not sure we should get back together just yet. Can we go back to being friends and see what happens from there?"He seemed disappointed. "Yeah, sure. Yah look gorgeous tonight, by the way." He smiled at her briefly. "See yah on the train?""I think so." She smiled back. "Have a good rest of the summer."After all the guests had left, Samuel and Sirius found the two girls in the living room, sipping butterbeers. "Okay, you two. House rules. No males over while we're gone, except for Harry. Remus is your authority and if there's any problems, Severus will come over." Isobel gulped. "We'll all go to Diagon Alley when we get back. I think that's everything. Oh, we'll be back in a week." Samuel said, smiling brightly. "Have fun. Behave, and I love you both.""Bye!" They chorused as the newlyweds Disapparated.The two spent the week making elaborate plans for the new term and wondering who their new DADA teacher was going to be. On the last day, their Hogwarts letters arrived and Charlotte grinned happily. Hers was heavier than normal and she opened it excitedly, and shrieked. Remus came running in from the library, his wand in his hand. "What's going on?" He asked sharply."I'm Quidditch Captain!" She jumped up and down, clutching the shiny silver badge in her hand. "YES! Gryffindor doesn't stand a chance now!"Isobel laughed. "Calm down. You have a long way to go before we can rescue the Quidditch Cup from McGonagall's office.""Right. Can't get ahead of myself." She said dismissively. "This year's going to be the best!"Charlotte went to sleep that night, dreaming of winning the Cup for Ravenclaw and showing the Gryffindors up, although dream Seamus didn't seem to perturbed of the loss of the Cup, as his lips trailed down her neck, going lower and lower
