Ever since she was little she heard these words. Their voices cluttered her mind and yet she couldn't piece them out; and they were not even in her own voice. It was always cold without emotion as well as full of mystery. She didn't know the owner to this voice, and she didn't want to.There were no emotions in the voice as they predicted the effect to causes.She held onto her hair as the voices surrounded her mind. She never knew what any of this ever meant.Her parents didn't either.Her mother would glance away whenever she brought up the voices. The woman spoke no word to her about these shortcomings, and instead focused on the future. Did she know who the voice belonged to?"Kyrstin, please calm down." Her mother's voice called up the tree where the small girl was hiding. Her voice was full of concern over her daughter's well being.She never understood it.And as she grew, the voices started getting clear; but she didn't want to listen to the words no more. Not after they predicted harmful acts that happened before her eyes.'The boy will break his bones.'Moments later, a kid who was climbing up the slide fell on the other side. His wrist cracked on impact and the kids started surrounding him.Her eyes widen as she backed away. Why did she think this? Why did the voice predict this?Her hands shaken in fear. She felt like she was the one at fault for the boy; she knew about the accident yet she didn't speak up for it. Were these predictions here to torture her?She already thought herself as a freak, but it wasn't enough for the fates. When she stood in front of her class with stage fright written all over her face, she looked down at the ground. She tried to remember what her father taught her, 'When you're standing in front o a crowd, just imagine them in their underwear. Because what's more embarrassing? Talking in front of class or forgetting your pants?'When she looked up to give her speak, all of their clothes just disappeared without a trace. She stood there in shock, while others noticed their missing clothing. They all panicked, as well as the teacher.What was this?Magic?All of the students blamed her for the accident.Why did all of these things keep happening to her? Not only was she a freak with the voices, but now others avoided her at all costs.She looked down at her pale hands. Just why?Why did she have to be the freak of nature?The students stayed away from her at all costs afterwards. They all knew about her weird behaviors, and this only proved them correct. She ate alone in the lunch room. She was the school's freak.Her mother's patted her shoulder and bent down to her eye level. She was about to say something, but one glance at the father sealed her lips once again. And soon there was talk between her father and mother about switching schools for the best of her. Their pleads were listened to when a letter came into the mail. Her mother dropped the letter onto the ground as her lip twitched. "What's wrong, dear?" the father questioned his wife.After the intial shock, the mother took the father into the other room. Leaving her alone in the living room with the letter on the ground. She wondered what was wrong with the letter that caused her mother to act like that, so curious took hold as she leaned down and picked up the parchment."HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYHeadmaster: Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock,Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)Dear Ms. Moran,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagallDeputy Headmistress"Her eyes followed the train of letters until she reached the end of the page. Witchcraft? Wizards? Was this some type of joke?Her shoulders slumped. She knew something like this was only a prank pulled by the kids at school. There would be no way something like this could be real.The door behind her opened and her mother walked out with her father. Her eyes widen when she seen Kyrstin with the opened letter. Instead of lecturing the young girl, she allowed a small sigh to escape from her lips. She was expecting the girl to litter her with questions, but instead Kyrstin only threw the letter down onto the ground. Her eyebrow twitched. "Honey..."She turned around and face her mother. Her eyes were watery as she glanced from the page to her mother. "It's alright, mom. It's those kids again, that's all."Her mother gave out a slight giggle and her shoulders relaxed. She leaned forward to her daughter and laid her hand on the girl's shoulders. "It's not them, dear. It's real." Her lips curled into a smile. "It's Hogwarts. A place of magic!"Her eyebrows notched together as her mother gleamed into her eyes. Did that mean they were others like her? That she wasn't a freak of nature?She raised a finger to her lips and glanced back to the kitchen door. "Let's not speak a word about this to your father, alright?" She wiped the tears that escaped from Kyrstin's eyelids. "Everything will be alright soon," she promised. The mother rose and picked up the papers. She tucked them into her pocket for safekeeping. "Honey, you may come out now," she called out to the father.Kyrstin stood wiped her face once again and looked at her two parents. Her father walked out of the kitchen and scratched the back of his neck as he glanced to the mother to his own daughter."We've found a new school for her!" the mother grinned in delight."That's great!" He patted her shoulder. "When does it start? Where do we have to drive her?"The woman blinked. All of her knowledge of the school was minimum compared to other wizards. "Well, it's a boarding school. She will be staying there through the school year."His shoulders slumped but he didn't regret the idea. If this was a way to keep his daughter safe, and even his wife seemed to agreed to it, then who was he to judge?TBCThis is my first time writing a Harry Potter fic, so any advice on writing the characters would be welcomed. I'm aiming for about three chapters per a school year until we reached fifth year. And I'm still new to writing OC's, so please tell me if she's turning into an Mary Sue. This was based on Peyton-Alice's idea. 
