I do not own Harry Potter or anything affiliated with it, I only like to borrow the characters and have some fun :)O~o~0~o~O Chapter 1Even a blind person could see that something was not right that morning. Three Marauders walked into the Great Hall, sat, ate, and left. No words, smiles, or jokes were exchanged, just solemn silence. But what really made people look twice was that Sirius Black was absent. He was always there, right next to James. He may have not been a morning person, but he never missed a chance for food.As soon as the three boys left the room, it filled with whispers on the whereabouts of Sirius. He and James were brothers and were never without each other. Lily even halted in her day when she noticed his lack of presence. Something was not right, and it would lead to one of the biggest changes that Hogwarts had ever seen.O~o~0~o~OSirius was in the kitchens. He couldn't go into the Great Hall. Not after last night. Not after he had completely screwed himself. It was only two months into term and Sirius was going through a lot. His family was still harassing him for running off to Potter Manor, and he had just started to feel at home there when he spoiled it. He had lost control of his Black temper and reacted without thinking. He knew that he shouldn't have led Snape to the whomping willow, but he went dark. When he went to his dark side, he wasn't like most. Any ordinary person goes to a grey spot, but Sirius goes Black. It was his upbringing. He hated to think that his family had had any effect on him in the long run, but it made it worse knowing that they did.Most people didn't understand that Sirius acted like a big kid because he never got to act like one at home. His childhood was miserable and abusive. His life had been shit before Hogwarts and it made him different. He was a good person by nature, but he had a darkness to him that he tried to never give in to. All of those girls at school that wanted to look into his hidden past were mistaken. They wouldn't want to see that. They wouldn't want to know how he could be. Stupid birds.When he was on the Express and met James, he had light. He wasn't used to a thing like that. He grew up with black, black, Black. He didn't automatically see the good in people and life in general like the messy-haired boy did. Sirius regarded life with a cool misdemeanor, but when he met his friends, he let it drop and started to let who he really was show.He had found happiness in his friends and now he had lost it. He went back to the Black. He went back to who he was supposed to be; who his mother and father had expected him to be. Sirius Black in all rights should have been a Slytherin. He should have followed in the path of a death eater. He should have looked down on blood-traitors and mudbloods. But none of this happened because he had met people who showed him what was truly important. And now, he had ruined it.O~o~0~o~OLily Evans was sweet. People regarded her as the girl who would lend a quill and offer a hug, but they never took time to know her. She may have been liked, but she didn't have many friends. No one yearned to know her better, to figure out her secrets, learn her insecurities, make her feel safe. Lily Evans was sweet, and that's all that people had bothered to learn about her.Severus had known her. He had shown her magic and listened to her dreams. He was the awkward boy who had befriended the insecure girl, and for a while, that worked. He comforted her fears and she made him feel special. They were good for each other, because they each had their troubles, and they understood. Severus was Lily's best friend. He was the only person at Hogwarts whose opinion she cared for, and he betrayed her insecurities.Just because you're the sweet girl, doesn't mean you trust everyone or have a surplus of friends to run to. Lily was the sweetest of the sweet, and she placed her trust in one person. When it was thrown back in her face, she built it walls and shut herself out. She didn't need pitying smiles and condoling hugs. She was fine on her own. She was good this way. . . Or so she thought. Maybe it was time for someone to prove her wrong.O~o~0~o~OLily had been on her own for two months into her sixth year. Severus had tried to make up with her, but she didn't want to be his support anymore. She was too caught up in trying to hold up herself. She had seen the Marauder Split, as the student body called it, but paid it little mind. What did it matter to her if Potter and Black had broken their bonds. The same thing had happened to her and she made it through. They would be fine on their own, just like she.The fact that the two boys had stopped talking didn't really have much of an effect on her life as it did for others. She was hardly involved with them before, as it was, except for Potter's date proposals, so why should things change now? They shouldn't.Things were normal for her until Sirius Black occupied the forever empty seat on her right in Charms. She didn't even think that he realized who he had sat next to. He had just looked for an empty seat and made his way over, no longer welcomed to sit with James, Remus, and Peter. Lily looked at him through a veil of her hair. He didn't look like himself. He could've passed for someone who had been locked up in Azkaban the past twelve years. His normally elegant hair was knotty and his complexion pale. His blue-gray eyes had sunken and dulled. His carefree smirk was not in place, and his stance did not exude it's usual confidence. Lily felt her heart pull a bit when she took him in, but he was still a bully, and he had hurt her before."Black", Lily greeted him evenly. There no telltale emotions in her voice, just acknowledgement of his presence.Sirius looked surprised at the conversation and nodded his head back at her, "Evans."Professor Flitwick came into the classroom and started squeaking about what the students would be practicing for the next month. Lily took notes on what the Professor was saying and was surprised to see Sirius doing the same. He usually was not one to do anything studious, in public at least. She didn't even think that he could tell that she was watching him curiously, his quill just kept on scratching away.Lily took her time packing up her books after class so that she could watch Sirius. He packed up quickly and then waited for the Marauders to leave before making his way out the door with his head down. Lily felt another pang of guilt and pity hit her in the stomach and quietly followed his path. It was lunchtime so Lily had no idea why he wasn't headed toward the Great Hall, but she continued after him anyways. She watched as he tickled a pair on a portrait and disappeared behind it. Curiosity getting the better of her, she did the same.Lily didn't even get a chance to take in her surroundings before a wand was pressing into the back of her head and Sirius' voice growled at her, "Why the hell are you following me, Evans?"Lily squeaked and started to babble like she always did when she was nervous. "W-well you looooked so lonely a-and sad so I th-hought that I w-would see if you w-wanted s-someone to t-talk t-to." She felt the wand leave her back and his voice came next."I don't need anyone, Evans. Just go."Lily spun around to look at him and was surprised when she saw the defeated and broken expression on his face. He really didn't look good. He needed help, even if he wasn't willing to admit it."No.""What?" Sirius actually looked shocked that anyone would refuse his command."I said no, Black. I'm not leaving. I should. I have every reason in the world to turn around and walk out the door, but I won't. You're broken. Anyone can see that. I was broken too. I'm still cracked and beaten, but I'm not as bad off as you are. I know how you're feeling. I've felt it too. And that's my one reason to stay. So, I'm going to use it. I'm not leaving." Lily spoke as though she had enough confidence to rule the world, but she was scared out of her mind. She was generally a quiet person. She only ever fought with her sister and James Potter. She wasn't used to being self-righteous like this."Look, Evans. I don't want your damn help, alright? I'm fine how I am." Sirius sighed and plopped down at a table.Lily took her bag and tossed it down next to her as she took the spot across from him. "You aren't fine, you loon. And I don't care if you want my help or not. It's not all about you."Sirius glared at her and started to eat the food that the House Elves had brought to them, Lily doing the same. He kept stealing glances at her, wondering what the hell she thought she was playing at.Sirius tried to leave Lily behind in the kitchens, but she was back at his side in a matter of moments. They both had Potions next, so they had to walk the same path to the dungeons."What the hell are you doing, Evans?" Sirius growled at her as she matched his pace."I'm walking to class." Lily answered him slowly and enunciated her words as if he couldn't understand."And why are you walking with me?""Because, Black. I'm walking with you."They showed up in the doorway of the room and Lily started automatically to her usual seat in the middle of the room as Sirius tried to escape to the front. Lily hindered his actions, however, by grabbing the back of his robes and pushing him into the seat next to hers. She may be tiny, but she was strong.When the Marauders came into the classroom, right before the bell rang, they were no less than shocked to see Sirius sitting next to Lily. The girl was smiling to herself while Sirius kept his head down.James watched the pair out of the corner of his eye throughout the class. Sirius seemed reluctant to talk to her, let alone accept help with his potion. But he took her tips and brewed the best potion he had managed in his six years at Hogwarts so far.O~o~0~o~OSirius had detention to serve with McGonagall that night, so Lily left him outside of the Professor's office before making her way to the Gryffindor Common room to do homework and wait. She was a little excited about managing to form a small bond with Sirius that day. She missed having someone to confide in all the time and as much as Sirius liked to say that he was fine and that he didn't want her help, she could see how much pain he was in and couldn't pull away.She had just finished her last assignment, a two foot essay on poisonous tentacula for Herbology when she noticed James Potter making his way towards her. He sat down across from her and waited patiently for her to eventually acknowledge his presence. It took two minutes."What do you want, Potter?" She set him with a bored look and went back to packing her school bag."Why are you talking to him?" He said the last word venomously, almost making Lily doubt rather he was talking about Sirius."I thought you would be happy that I had befriended another one of your mates." Lily spoke in an off-hand voice, not sure of James was acting so strangely."He is not one of my mates, Lily." Lily blinked at the use of her first name, and James continued. "He is not a good person. He's dangerous and inconsiderate and you shouldn't waste your time on him, all you'll do is get hurt in the end.""Oh like you hurt me last year?" Lily shot back, angry that he was trying to make her decisions for her.James looked pissed at that statement and replied coolly, "In the case that you have forgotten, he was involved in that event too."Lily shot an angry glare at James and slung her backpack onto her shoulder and stormed away to put her stuff in her room. She figured that she would just stay up there for the rest of the night, it was the best way to avoid Potter.She had read her book for the last couple hours and still hadn't found herself capable of falling asleep. She glanced at her clock and saw that it was already one in the morning. She slipped on her robe and headed down to the common room to watch the fire for a little while. When she got down there, though, she was none the less surprised to see Sirius laying on the couch. He was snoring slightly, but woke up when she hit her toe on the corner of the fireplace. She muttered a couple expletives and looked over at him to be sure she hadn't disturbed him."Shit. Sorry, Black. I didn't mean to wake you. Why are you down here anyways?""I was sleeping." Sirius teased as he watched her hop around on one foot."Yeah, I got that much, thanks. I meant why are you sleeping down here and not in your dormitory?""I don't sleep up there anymore, Evans. Just go back to bed, yeah?" Sirius laid his head back down and closed his eyes. He felt the couch dip a bit where she sat down next to his feet. He opened his eyes and assessed her look of indignation with a glare."Why are you trying so hard to be my friend anyways? You hate me. Remember? I'm obnoxious Sirius Black, player, arrogant, trouble-maker. Ringing any bells? You're supposed to detest me." Sirius sighed exasperatedly and ran a hand through his hair, a habit he picked up from James.Lily looked a bit taken aback, but quickly covered it up and shot a question of her own right back at him, "Why are you trying so hard to not be my friend?"They both stared at each other, daring one to speak first. Both of them were just a tiny bit too proud, a tiny bit too stubborn, and thoroughly exhausted. Finally Sirius sighed and said "G'night, Evans." before he laid his head back and fell promptly asleep. Lily fixed his blanket so that he was fully covered again before she headed up to go to sleep herself. Some questions were better left unanswered.A/N: Ah, hello again! I'm back from band camp :) I'm working on Meeting Mum and Dad right now, and I'm halfway done with Chapter 3 now. I tried to get as much work done as possible while I was at band camp. I don't know if any of you actually read these, but I write the author's notes anyways because it helps keep me on track. Anyways, I wrote at the bottom of Chapter 1 of MMAD about how I was starting three multi-chaptered fics. This is number two of the trio and it will be based on Sirius and Lily becoming friends. No this is not about them as a pairing because I still hold strong to the idea that Jily was made for each other. I have some work for Chapter 2 done for this one, but I don't like it much so I'll probably scrap it and rewrite it. That means that the update may be a bit slow. Sorry! Thanks for reading and don't forget to review! You guys are awesome :) - Jules
