I do not own anything from HP except for my SiregonsHarry Potter age 11 has known about being a wizard ever since he can remember, his relative tried to beat the magic out of him but it never worked and instead he made them fear him by the age of nine, sadly he already had scars upon his form from the old treatment but was able to glamour them. Harry lived in the Second bedroom and kept to himself reading everything he could and studied anything as well. He was a gifted young man but had a feeling that someone planed for him to be at his relatives.Harry could Channel his energy to help heal, he could change his hair color or lengthen and shorten his hair. He was able to do many different things but he always felt like something was wrong. He learned to be able to "see" in his right eye due to his uncle punishing him which caused him to lose sight in the eye but Harry was able to see still and even more advanced than others when the eye was not covered. Harry can see magic threw his right eye and tell if other people had enough magic to be a wizard/witch, or to see their aura of a person. He continued to learn, master, and perfect these abilities while learning more tricks.Harry walked into the kitchen while his Aunt was cooking breakfast."Hello uncle Vernon," he called out as he grabbed the paper and started to read it."H-hello H-harry, how are you doing?" Vernon asked he had black hair, with bits of white on the side; he wore a dark blue three piece suit. Vernon was a large man that always wanted a normal life that is until harry can around."I'm good, remember to behave today" he asked."S-sure t-thing Harry," his uncle replied, quickly making his way back upstairs, as Petunia set up the table. Petunia is a tall long neck woman, with a white sundress that always hated her sister. The Kitchen door opened to a young boy, the same height as Harry, he had dirty blonde hair, blue eyes, and wore a black shirt, and grey jeans and was slightly chubby."H-hey Harry, w-what's f-for breakfast mom?" Dudley asked."Eggs, bacon, pancakes, and orange juice." Petunia said quickly as she finished setting everything down. Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper after harry was finished as usual and Dudley quietly sat there eating. They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat."Get the mail, Dudley," said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper."Make Hari get it.""Get the mail, Dudley, Now." Harry's voice was low and he didn't even look up as Dudley quickly got up to get the mail; coming back he handed it to Harry as he sorted through it until he saw:Mr. H. PotterSecond Bedroom4 Privet DriveLittle WhingingSurrey"I got the letter finally" Harry said as he sipped on his tea. Sighing Harry looked to his family, "I will be in my room so keep it down or I might have to do something about it myself." Harry go up, walking to his room as he sat down at his desk; he carefully opened the letter and read:HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYHeadmaster: Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock,Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)Dear Mr. Potter,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. A staff representative will come on August 2nd so that you may able to purchase all of your supplies.Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagallDeputy HeadmistressAfter a few minutes of looking at the letter, Harry took the supplies list off, and more words appeared, at the bottom of the first letter;I Harry Potter...[] Accept to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.Checking the I Accept Harry went and gave the letter to the owl that was waiting for a reply. Harry smiled as he thought about how his year will be and how he planned to fix everything wrong.0o0o0o"The person is almost here," Harry said calmly as he sat in a chain, they were in the living room, suddenly the doorbell rang, and Harry calmly walked over to the door. When he opened the door, a tall man with shoulder length black hair, with piercing black eyes, he had a small glare on his face, as his eyes met Harry's."Hello, you must be my professor, I'm Harry Potter Sir, shall we go?" he said staring into the man's eyes, who was caught off guard with the boy's introduction. Though he didn't show it, they made outside and Harry smirked at his relatives."Behave while I am gone know." With that he followed the man as they left towards the Leaky Cauldron.0o0o0o(I didn't want to go through the whole going to the leaky cauldron)"Wow this place is quite unique professor," Harry said, looking around at all the shops, he wanted to explore them all, but knew that he needed money, and noticed a huge white building, at the end of the street."Alright Potter, time to get your money, let's got to Gringotts," Snape said, as they walked into the building. Harry held his breath as they stood there and saw the small men work, the building was huge, and it was covered in white marble, a few gold designs on the floor and walls."Here's your key, I'll be around, I think you can get all of your supplies, without any trouble, I hope," he handed him a golden key."Yes sir," Harry replied, as he made his way to end of the hall, and was met with an older goblin, "Hello sir, I was wondering if I may do business with you?" He bowed slightly, catching all the goblins off guard. The goblin spoke in gobbledygook and another goblin led harry someplace else.0o0o0oHarry was led through Gringotts into a private room Were a goblin was waiting, sitting down Harry looked to the goblin and slightly bowed in respect. Griphook was amazed at this and smiled slightly."I am the goblin Griphook and accountant for the Potter accounts. Now I hear that you do not know about anything you own or even the will of your parents?" Harry looked at Griphook and into the goblins eyes; those Emerald eyes held as emotion of power in them."No I am sorry Mr. Griphook but I have not received anything nor do I know anything about my wealth or positions. Griphook raised an eyebrow at him, apparently perplexed at the simplicity of the question, before composing himself and replying, "Well now that is something we must look into immediately, for now we will go and look at your parents will as well as do a blood test to see if there are any latent magical abilities or if there are any other surprises that neither you nor I know about my young lord."Harry gave a short nod at the simple explanation, before he replied, "Very well, then let us begin shall we, Master Griphook?"Griphook nodded as he tapped the pensive that he set on the desk twice. Lily and James Potter appeared in the middle of the bowl."I, James Charlus Potter, and I, Lily Rose Potter nee Evans, being of sound mind and body, do here by declare this to be our last will and testament rendering all previous wills null and void."To Remus Lupin, we leave 500 galleons. You are a great friend Moony. We hope that you live a long and enjoyable life.To Sirius Black, we leave 1 galleon and custody of our precious son, Hadrian James Potter so take care of him. We know you don't need the money Padfoot. You have always been a good friend. Please look after Harry for us.We leave everything else to our son, Hadrian James Potter. He is to become the Head of House Potter at the age of 11 though he may not be able to do certain things till the age of 16. If by chance harry is to take an inheritance test on our behalf to see if he has any other titles and if he does he is to be lord to them by age 11.We would like to say now that if we were betrayed, it was Peter Pettigrew who was our secret keeper. Sirius Black was the decoy. We have left a letter in the care of Albus Dumbledore explaining this."Our son, Harry, should be placed with Sirius Black. If for some reason Sirius is unable to look after him, he should go to the following people in this order,Remus LupinAlice and Frank LongbottomAmelia BonesMinerva McGonagallIf none of these people are available, Harry should be placed in a loving Wizarding home. Under NO circumstances should he be placed with Lily's sister, Petunia Dursleys and her family, and UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE is Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore allowed having anything to do with Harry James Potter, UNLESS its school related. Neither of us trusts him.Harry, honey, if you are listening to this, please know that we loved you with all our hearts and that we are sorry that we had to leave you. Hopefully you had a good life. Be yourself and enjoy your life. This concludes my last will and testament."Harry was crying by the end of this. He missed his parents so much, it didn't matter that he barely remembered them. He still missed them. He was also angry with Dumbledore. Here was proof that he was never meant to go to the Dursleys and also Dumbledore had a letter that could have kept Sirius out of prison. The old coot had a lot to answer for."Do you know a Ron Weasely, Molly Weasely or Albus Dumbledore?" Harry thought for a few minutes until he leaned forward, setting his elbows on the table and crossing his fingering looking like a godfather (I couldn't help it) he glared."No, I do not... whatever they took I want back immediately." Griphook nodded and suddenly by a flash there on the table was the Invisibility Cloak, Elder Wand, and Resurrection Stone along with quite a few other things. Harry went to pick up the first three items when they suddenly became a necklace that was a triangle with a line through it as the triangle had a circle inside it; harry slipped it over his neck as he felt the magic gently caress him."Now that you have thoughs back, we will be sending notices to Albus Dumbledore and Molly Weasely to repay you the 500 Galleons that they both took from you. Now then shall we do the blood test?" Harry nodded and watched as Griphook snapped his fingers and a ceremonial dagger appeared in front of his desk along with a piece of parchment. Harry looked at him as he had no idea what Griphook wanted from him next. Griphook simply took the dagger by the blade and handed it to him, the handle pointing towards Harry."Take the dagger Lord Potter, and simply pierce your finger with it, then once you have done so, you must give the parchment three, and only three drops of your blood," explained Griphook. Harry took the knife from him and took time to admire the beauty of its craftsmanship; his gaze went back to Griphook, "What will this do exactly Master Griphook?""It will give you all, or at the very least some answers that you are looking for." Harry nodded, and pierced the tip of his finger, allowing three drops of blood to hit the parchment, which then proceeded to glow a blinding white light to those who had sensitive eye sight; basically, both Harry and Griphook. They looked away, before the light dimmed, and before them stood the information of Harry Potter.Hadrian Dragomir Potter-BlackBirthday-July 31st, 1980Father:James Charlus PotterMother:Lily Rose Potter nee Evans (Lilith Rosaline De'LionCourt) Father by Blood Adoption:Sirius Orion Black- Azkaban Houses Inherited by Blood:The Most Ancient and Most Noble House of PotterThe Most Ancient and Revered House of PeverellThe Most Ancient and Most Noble House of BlackThe Most Ancient and Revered House of Le FayThe Most Ancient and Most Revered House of GryffindorThe Most Ancient and Most Revered House of RavenclawHouses Inherited by Soul:The Most Revered and Founding House of PendragonThe Most Revered and Founding House of MerlinHouses Inherited through Wills:The Most Ancient and Most Noble House of De'LionCourtThe Most Ancient House of OrionHouses Inherited by ConquestThe Most Ancient and most Revered House of SlytherinCreature Inheritance:Siregon (Submissive)Money and Properties:Potter: 587,348,493,734,920 Galleons, 327,689 Sickles, 22 Knuts Properties: Potter Mansion, 4 Vacation Homes, Number 4 Privet Drive, and Godric's Hollow HomePeverell: 72,835,759,023 Galleons, 237,584 Sickles, 2 Knuts Properties: Peverell Manor, Peverell Mansion, 7 Vacation HomesBlack: 8,126,397,506 Galleons, 24,677 Sickles, 512 Knuts Properties: Black Manor, Number 12 Grimmauld Place, 3 Vacation HomesLe Fay: 182,475,037,784 Galleons, 386 Sickles, 3 Knuts Properties: Le Fay Cove, Le Fay Manor, Avalon, 2 Vacation HomesGryffindor: 347,673,895,376 Galleons, 49 Sickles, 9 Knuts Properties:  Hogwarts, Griffin's Nest, 1 Vacation HomeRavenclaw: 403,752,589,304 Galleons, 534 Sickles, 35 Knuts Properties:  Hogwarts, Raven's Retreat, 3 Vacation HomesSlytherin: 856,012,598,900 Galleons, 789 Sickles, 25 Knuts Properties:  Hogwarts. Basilisk Den, 2 Vacation HomesPendragon: 9,703,542,784,920 Galleons, 372 Sickles, 47 KnutsProperties: Pendragon Palace, 4 Vacation HomesMerlin: 13,568,389,672,427 Galleons, 600 Sickles, 956,573,253 KnutsProperties: Merlin's Cottage, Embrys Castle, Camelot's CastleDe'LionCourt: 3,769,392,638,345 Galleons, 563 Sickles, 67 KnutsProperties: De'LionCourt Sanctuary, 3 Vacation HomesOrion: 78,567,285 Galleons, 567,389 Sickles, 6,683 KnutsProperties: Orion Observatory, Orion ManorMental, Magical, And Physical ablilties Photographic/Enhanced Memory- Blocked by A.DParsletounge- unlocked, Beast Speaker- Blocked by A.DMulti-Animagus- Blocked by A.DNatural Occlumency- Blocked by A.DNatural Legilimency- Blocked by A.DMetamorphmagus- Blocked by A.DNatural Wandless/Non-verbal Spell Caster- Blocked by A.DElemental Magic (Earth, Water, Fire, Air)- Blocked by A.DAlchemy Blocked by A.DBlood magicks Blocked by A.DRunes and Rituals Magic- Blocked by A.DNatural Defense Master- Blocked by A.DNatural Potion Mastery- Blocked by A.DNatural dagger/swordsmanship Mastery- Blocked by A.DHealing- UnlockedDark Arts/Light arts  Blocked by A.DDexterity  Blocked by A.DEnhanced Senses Blocked by A.DFlexibility- Blocked by A.D25% of Power- Unblocked75% of Power- Blocked by Albus DumbledorePotions used on Hadrian Potter:10 Compulsion Spell for one Severus Snape, Tom Marvolo Riddle (Lord Voldemort), Slytherins15 Obedience and loyalty Potions for Albus Dumbledore, Molly WeaselyYoung Harry was too stunned to speak. His eyes were wide open, mouth opening and closing, but no sound coming from it. He dropped the parchment as his hands were numb and he had leaned back, slouching against his chair."So this is all mine? How do I get it so now one can try and get any of it?" Griphook stared at the young man.Harry sat there, his magic swirled all around as things began shaking, and slowly he calmed down as he glared at the file. He knew someone was trying to mess with his life. Looking at Griphook he took a deep breath and asked, "Who is my magical guardian?" Griphook sighed and quickly looked through paper."Seeing as you are now a lord to Potter, Black, Peverell, Le Fay, Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Slytherin, Pendragon, Merlin, De'LionCourt, and Orion so you do not need a guardian, but the one that was assigned to you was in fact Albus Dumbledore. Now since we looked through everything I need you to put on your rings." Suddenly 11 rings appeared on Griphook's desk.Taking a hold of the Potter family ring that was gold with a red ruby stone in the middle; on the ruby was a crest with a lion and griffin standing on their hind legs with their front paws touching, between them was a sword and a wand crossed. Harry slid the ring on his right ring finger as he felt the magic swirl as it accepted him and the ring re-sized itself for him. Next was The Black family heir ring that was silver with a pure black onyx stone in the center of the ring; it had the Black family crest in the middle of the stone. Harry slid it onto the same finger and watched as it did the same thing then merged with the Potter ring. After that was that was the Peverell ring; it was gold with the same deathly hollows symbol and a dark blue gem behind it. Merlin's ring which was gold with a blood stone and phoenix curling around it while Le Fay was silver with a diamond and a dragon curling around it. Gryffindor was gold with red rubies and a lion, Slytherin was silver with a green gem and a snake, and Ravenclaw was Silver with a dark blue gem and a raven design. Pendragon was gold with red rubies around it, De'LionCourt was silver with a dragon wrapped around the band with a lightning ridged black opal and roses around the gems, and Orion was silver with topaz gems and sword across an shield; all of them accepted Harry and Merged together as one."I'm honored to tell you that you are now Lord Potter-Black-Peverell- Le Fay-Gryffindor-Ravenclaw-Slytherin-Pendragon-Merlin-De'LionCourt-Orion, you are one of the most richest, powerful, and influential wizards, not to mention the youngest," he snapped his fingers and a long sword with red rubies on it, "The Sword of Gryffindor is yours, but on to more pressing matters, the binds and the Horcrux, we need to take them out," he said, a flicker of rage shown in his eyes."I'll do whatever it takes," Harry said, he had a determined look in his eyes."Good, now I'll get the binds and Horcrux out, it's going to hurt, but it'll be worth it, in the long run," the goblin said, another goblin entered and took the boxes away, and Griphook snapped his fingers and the table became an altar,"please take your shirt off, and lay on this alter, and we'll take everything away," Harry simply nodded and took his shirt off, revealing a slight bit of muscle, he laid down on the table, and shivered at the coldness of the surface."Alright, this will take about 20 minutes so please try not to move." Griphook summoned a knife and pricked his finger, and made a runic symbol on Harry's chest, he raised his hand over the symbol and began chanting, "Numenauxiliummagica, invoco hac necessitate," (1a)" Harry tried hard not to scream, but the pain was unbearable, he felt as if his insides were on fire, he bit his lips to prevent himself from screaming, and held on to the table for dear life, "Intenebris est, et malum Auxilium vas destory puritatis auferre malum!"(1b)" He chanted, Harry has never felt such pain, and first he felt his body burning; now he felt as if his head was going to split in two. He felt his mouth open, but sound came out, instead a black mist came out of his mouth, until it was floating around, it looked like it wanted back in, but Griphook snapped his fingers and the mist disappeared."It's done Mr. Potter," Griphook said."Th... thank you for that..." Harry panted, he could feel something trickle down his forehead, he slowly reached up and he looked at his hand, was blood. It was finally over, he felt stronger, smarter, and for some reason, he could feel his magic covering him in a blanket. Slowly harry got up and walked over to a mirror and was amazed at what he saw.He wasn't wearing his glasses as bright Avada Kedavra green eyes stared back at him, green eyes with black-cat-like slit pupils.His creamy skin was even paler than he remembered and his messy hair that was now to the middle to his back curled at the tips and was the same dark brown but now with blood red streaks as well. His ears were now slightly pointed and a black/silver tint seemed to run all along them. He reached up, tentatively stroking the colors, shocked when his fingers touched, cool, small scales. They were icy to the touch and they rippled as he stroked them, first one ear and then the other. Panic nearly set in, but as Harry began to worrythe scales faded into his skin right before his eyes as he couldn't help but stare.The familiar battery of scars and bruises from Uncle Vernon's "Punishments" were gone finally. Even the few scars he'd accumulated thanks to Voldemort were conspicuously absent. Harry swallowed. He was, by no means, a vain person, but a certain thrill ran through him as he took in the smooth, unblemished skin. He admired himself for a minute, before he realized the soft, dark shine glow that came to his skin. Careful examination showed that he had the same black scales decorating his sides. As he focused on them, the scales grew more prominent and he could see how well they covered his body. From the tops of his shoulders, his arms and then the sides of his torso and his back and then they disappeared into the waistline made by his pants. Harry hummed to himself as he shimmied out of the rest of his clothes to see what other secrets his body had to show him. More colorful scales of black, red, silver, and green were shown on the sides of his torso or even reaching the tops of his shoulders. Scales ran along his legs; black scales with silver ran all over his legs and up to his hips.A pleased sound rumbled in his throat and Harry found himself smiling at his reflection. A smile that melted away to a look of horror when he realized that a fine smattering of colored scales now decorated the sides of his face and neck and his hands had turned into strong, pointed, claws, he opened his mouth and found sharp fangs that could lengthen or shorten at will once he figured it out. On his forehead were two thin silver colored horns that curled back gently touching his head is it went to the back of his head there the point was barely sticking out amongst the dark mess of hair. The squeak that left his lips was quite undignified, but Harry was too startled to speak. No sooner had he realized the reality of his claws, before he felt his feet curl and then his socks were shredded away and Harry realized that even his feet had morphed the tiniest bit to show the powerful claws.He stared in awe.Two large, scaled wings had burst from his back and the last traces of any human skin had been swiftly covered by the black with red and silver colored scales that created a beautiful blend together as the wings were spread out. Harry stared for a while then instinctively Harry worked to pull them close to him and to stretch and soothe the appendages. He found himself slipping into a strange sort of daze as he his time slowly moving the wings. The very process seemed to do wonders for the winged appendages as he was able to spread them almost all the way out and back They remained painfully sensitive and it wasn't until Harry worried how he'd hide them that he saw them shrink and recede into his back, creating a wing pattern tattoo on his back. Harry stifled a moan as he felt a flicker of himself return. Strange things always happened to him. If he didn't know better, he'd think he was turning into some dragon-wizard hybrid."Well Mister Potter, it seems that you are a Siregon. The last Siregon we have seen was over 1,000 years ago and he was powerful but not as powerful as you young one. He didn't change until his teen but because of the blocks places upon your person, your creature has come earlier than expected." Griphook reached into his desk and handed Harry what looked to be an ankle bracelet."What is this for Griphook?" Harry tilted his head slightly, he may have been able to hide his form but he could not hide his eyes or the faintness of the scales. Griphook smiled."Well Mister Potter because of how young you are, you do not have control over your form and with certain emotions will show it. However, the problem for Siregons is that they cannot truly hide their scales without some form of help and this bracelet which goes on your ankle will not be seen nor detected by anyone. It will hide the scales and dragon like eyes, plus any potions or curses tried on your person will not work." Griphook smirked as his sharp teeth were shown. Harry smiled and carefully slipped on the bracelet, or anklet. After talking for a few minutes Harry thanked Griphook and left the office."He will do great things, I know it, and we shall be behind him every step of the way," Griphook whispered, looking at the boy in front of him, he knew that things were about to change, he didn't know if it would be for the better or for worse. All he knew was that the goblins were going to follow this young boy, to hell and back.
