Hi guys! I am trying a new story! I hope you like it!ISLA"Isla, wake up!" called a familiar voice. I groaned and rolled over. My eyes fluttered open. The tan complexion of my best friend, Emma, sharpened as my vision cleared. "Isla, we're almost late!""Great," I mumbled as I sat up. I rushed into the bathroom with my clothes and turned on the shower to let it warm up. I grabbed a soft, white washcloth, my apple cider body wash, cinnamon splash shampoo, and condtioner from the cabinet near the sink. The chilly November air swirled around my bare body, and I shivered.Impatiently, I tested the shower water. Then, I stepped in and relaxed as the hot water ran through my dark blond hair. I've heard people say that blonds are usually the most popular, since their hair makes them beautiful. Not me. I'm one of the least popular people in the school.I'm jolted from my thoughts as Emma pounds on the door."Isla, you have to hurry up! You have ten minutes to finish up in there AND get dressed. You should be glad I'm waiting for you," she yelled over the gushing of the shower."Okay, fine!" I called back. I quickly washed myself and stepped out of the shower. I dressed quickly and applied some raspberry lotion. I took out my makeup pouch. I started wearing makeup a while ago, when Oli- no, I call him Wood now. When Wood started being nice to me. I guess it is just habit to keep doing it since I, you know, ended things with him.I applied some dark brown eyeliner and a light coat of mascara. I grabbed my tube of apple cinnamon lip gloss and smoothed some on my lips. I rubbed them together and admired the effect in the mirror. Emma banged on the door some more. I felt a bit sorry for the door, because I knew that Emma sure packed a punch."Isla, LET'S GO! We are three minutes late already!" she yelled. I gave myself a once over, scrunching my nose as my eyes fell over the awful freckles that dusted my nose. I opened the door and grabbed my book bag."Okay, Mom, I'm ready." I replied. We rushed out of the dormitories and through the deserted common room. We ran up one staircase, and almost fell off of another. Then, we burst through the door of History, where Professor Binns, surprisingly, looked up at us."Well, Miss..." he started."Russo," said Emma."Laine," I said."Yes," he cleared his throat. "You're late. 5 points each from Ravenclaw. Now, where to put you..." I surveyed the classroom. We were sharing the lesson with Gryffindor today. There were two empty seats. One next to Cho Chang, the other, Oli- Wood. I can completely understand why no one would want to sit next to him, I thought.I met his eyes for one second. He stared and me, then smirked. I turned over to Emma, and she nodded at me. We were both thinking the same thing: she would go sit next to Wood and spare me a whole lesson of his annoying-ness. She took a step in that direction."Yes," continued the Professor, "Miss Russo, you can take the seat next to Miss Chang, over there. Miss Laine can sit next to Mr. Wood in the back." My blood ran cold and my head pounded. I stalked over to the seat and arranged my book bag so that it was between me and Oli- ahem, Wood. Then, I quickly grabbed one of my favorite books, Maximum Ride  The Final Warning and began to tune out the droning voice of Professor Binns.Soon, I felt a sharp poke in my side. I ignored it. I felt another poke, only harder."Why are you ignoring me?" Wood asked. I didn't reply, but turned the page."Isla, say something to me. Why aren't you talking to me?"Ha, I thought, you know perfectly well. I turned another page."Hey, come on," he whined. He put a hand on my arm. I brushed it off and continued reading. The bell rang, and I quickly packed up my books. I slung my book bag over my shoulder and hurried to my next class.**LINE BREAK (hey, like it so far?) **At dinner I sat in between Luna Lovegood and Emma. Luna was a nice person, but you usually didn't want to start a conversation with her unless you wanted to chat for the rest of the hour about Crumple-Horned Snorkaks. I took a small bite of mashed potatoes. I glanced around the great hall. At meals, I like to go people-watching as I eat my food. It's great entertainment.I watched George Weasley give a birthday gift to Alicia Spinnet: A sparkling ruby necklace. She squealed and gave him a big hug. Draco Malfoy, over at the Slytherin table, was trying to block out Pansy Parkinson as she talked and talked and talked. Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown were gossiping and, every once in a while, looking over at the Hufflepuff table where Cedric Diggory chatted with some friends. I have never personally met Cedric, but he seems pretty nice.I looked back down at my food to take another bite of mashed potatoes when, suddenly, I heard an ear-piercing shriek."OLLIE!" screeched Leah Simmons as she sprinted over to Wood and practically knocked him off of his bench. She kissed him full on the mouth. I quickly turned to take my attention off of the scene over at the Gryffindor table. I tried to spark up a conversation with the person next to me.Luna. Ack, how I hate my short term memory. Hello, boring conversation for the rest of dinner.Well? How did I do? I think I did pretty good! Ya think? Review your thoughts!
