Summary: Multi chapters. Five times each chapter. Chapter One: Five times Sirius Black didn't mean when he said 'I love you' and the one time he did.Five times Sirius Black didn't mean when he said 'I love you' and the one time he did.Pairings: Lily Evans/Sirius Black; James Potter/OC (Dahlia Lovegood)Rating: TI. Emmaline Vance was beautiful, Sirius'll give her that. Her long hair was the color of ebony, eyes mint green and skin a soft tan color. She looked absolutely stunning wearing a Ravenclaw blue dress with pinned up hair. Makeup coated her pretty green eyes and her lips stained red.Her red-stained lips smiled brightly."Do you love me, baby?" Thickly coated lashes batted seductively and Sirius couldn't help seeing a red haired angel out of the corner of his eye."Course I do, Emma."II. It was six months after Sirius' fling with the oh-so-very gorgeous Ravenclaw Emmaline Vance and Sirius was now dating a different girl.Amelia Bones was a Hufflepuff. Short light brown hair curled under her ears and a pair of light blue eyes were accented by the barest trace of mascara. She wore a simple white lace shirt and a short yellow skirt.Slim arms crossed over her chest, eyebrow risen. Sirius swallowed. Did she really need to hear this?"Well, Mr. Black?" The fellow fourth year drawled."Course I love you, Amy. Why wouldn't I?" Sirius asked, tilting his head and turning on the Black charm. The brown haired girl blushed darkly but brushed it away, hooking arms with him and walking through Hogsmeade.His angel laughed with her friends, green eyes sparkling.III. Snape deserved it, Sirius swore to himself, watching his best mate float the bastard up in the air, laughing loudly. His newest girlfriend, Molly Prewitt just stared at him.She was a curvy girl with long red hair, freckled pale skin and light blue eyes that sparkled when she cooked or cleaned. She wore Gryffindor robes and her uniform and just stared at him in shock and disgust.Sirius frowned later when they were alone."Why did you do that?" She whispered. "It doesn't matter that he may be a Slytherin, he's still a person. Please don't do that again, Siri. I mean, don't you love me to not do that?" Sirius smiled down at the much shorter girl. "I do love you, Molly."IV. Sixth year was his year! He and Molly were over with (she was dating a seventh year named Arthur Weasley) and his best mate, James, was over his angel.They were both dating twins. James was dating Dahlia Lovegood and Sirius was dating her Ravenclaw sister, Talia Lovegood. Both girl's had long white-blond hair (although Dahlia preferred her hair down while Talia's hair was always up) and dark brown eyes. Dahlia, the Hufflepuff, was the sensible, kind one while Talia was the dreamy, sweet one.Which highly confused Sirius why she was asking him this."Do you love me, Sirius?" Dreamy Talia asked with a sweet smile."Why wouldn't I?" Sirius laughs, wrapping his arms around her waist and pressing a kiss to her forehead. Talia plays with the hem of her blue shirt, a smile on her lips and Sirius can't help but wonder where his angel is.V. It's three months from Talia and Sirius' relationship and Sirius is onto a older woman, Seventh year Gryffindor Camille O'Ryan.She's bigger busted and leggy with chocolate colored skin, black hair and caramel colored eyes. She was adventurous, obnoxious and daring; everything Sirius wanted in a moment."Sirius?" Cam moaned between soft kisses. Sirius just grunted at the Muggleborn. "Do you love me?" Sirius nearly faltered. What was with girls and asking that? Camille stopped and pulled back, dark eyebrows burrowing almost angrily. "Sirius? Black?" Shit."Of course I love you, Cam." He lied through his teeth. "Why do you have to ask?"VI. It's several years later and Sirius is sitting on the grass with his wife, his best mate and his best mate's wife. Their kids are running around on the grass, some playing Quidditch, others playing Exploding Snaps and Sirius could see his oldest, Rosa, reading a book in the corner.His beautiful red haired wife leaned on his shoulder, a sigh of happiness coming out of her throat. Sirius felt a smile tug on his mouth as he saw his youngest, 7 year old Reggie, and James' and Dahlia's youngest, 6 year old Wren, prank James' and Dahlia's oldest, Gemma."I love you, Sirius." Lily Grace Black nee Evans murmured softly."I love you, too, angel." Sirius Orion Black spoke the truth and he lovingly pressed a kiss to her forehead.This is just for your information: Sirius and Lily married and they had four kids: Rosalie Lyn and Harry James Black (14); Crystal Vane Black (10) and Regulus Sirius Black (7). Rosalie and Harry had Sirius' wavy black hair and Lily's green eyes. Crystal had Lily's bright red hair and pale green eyes. Regulus had black hair and grey eyes. James and Dahlia married and had five kids: Gemma Rain Potter (16); Dmitri Charlus Potter (15); Vanessa Jane Potter (10); Albus Remus Potter (9) and Wren Dahlia Potter (6). Gemma had blond hair and hazel eyes. Dmitri had black hair and dark brown eyes. Vanessa had blond hair and brown eyes. Albus had blond hair and brown eyes. Wren had black hair and hazel eyes. Remus Lupin married Amelia Bones. They had two kids: Ariel Mai Lupin (14) and Darren Mitchell Lupin (12). Ariel had light brown hair and amber eyes while Darren had sandy blond hair and blue eyes. Peter Pettigrew never betrayed his friends and married Silvia Grayson. They had one boy named Jason Theodore Pettigrew who had his mother's silvery-blond hair and his father's dark brown eyes. 
