Embracing His True Self Chapter 1 I know I know you must want to kill me - I want to kill myself, I have too many stories as it is without adding more. Yet the muse will not leave me alone, so I am choosing to post it I hope you enjoy it though. The Dark Lord "My Lord" Pettigrew choked, "my Lordyou promisedyou did promise.""Hold out your arm," said Voldemort lazily, his red eyes piercing as he looked around keeping an eye on the boy, he did have a knack for escaping. If he wasn't his enemy he would have had a grudging respect, but since his escapes put his plans to ruins he wasn't happy the slightest."Oh, Masterthank you, master" choked Pettigrew getting dizzy from the loss of blood. He extended his handless arm towards Voldemort, who just laughed coldly, concealing his surprise that Potter was suppressing his own sadistic amusement at Pettigrew's current predicament. "The other arm, Wormtail.""Master, pleaseplease" whimpered Pettigrew piteously, missing the green eyes of his bound prisoner watching him in great delight that he couldn't quite mask.Voldemort snatched Wormtail's left arm Harry noticed, and forced his sleeve up ignoring the snivelling. He noticed immediately a red tattoo the same one he'd seen at the Quidditch World cup. It was pretty hard to forget since he'd been accused of firing it into the sky, it seemed no matter where he went, what he did he always had people blaming him for something."It is back," said Voldemort softly, and Harry couldn't help but remember the chamberhis voice back then. What had caused him to become so hideously disfigured? Shaking off his entirely inappropriate thoughts, as he tried to think of a way to get out of this. He was drawing blankhe was tied to a bloody tombstone for Merlin's sake, damn Dumbledore for not stepping in and preventing him from participating in the tournament. "They will all have noticed itand now, we shall seenow we shall know" Then Voldemort touched it with his finger, just then his scar seared with pain. What had Voldemort just done? Why could he feel what he'd done? It was different than anything else he'd ever felt in relation to his scar before. The tattoo had done black now, and he watched Pettigrew scream in agony, causing his lips to twitch. Hopefully Voldemort would leave it to long and actually kill the snivelling thing."How many will be brave enough to return when they feel it?" he whispered once more, his red eyes gleaming. "And how many will be foolish enough to stay away?"Return? Oh great, he'd somehow summoned his followers, how many did he have? How did he get out of this? His wand was out of reach, Cedric Diggory was dead and no help at all. He had no idea where he was, or how to get back to Hogwarts. In other words he was done for. Maybe it was for the bestwhen he died he wouldn't need to return to the Dursley's, no more abuse, no more pressure, no more looking at the disappointment on everyone's faces when he didn't do what they expected. No more pretenceno more of putting up with people who pretended to give a shit."You stand, Harry Potter, upon the remains of my late father," Voldemort hissed softly, "A Muggle and a foolvery like your dear mother. But they both had their uses, did they not? Your mother died to defend you as a childand I killed my father, and see how useful he has proven himself, in death""Too bad they didn't cremate him then," said Harry bluntly watching the red eyes flash with surprise at his guile.Then Voldemort continued on as if Harry hadn't spoken at all. "You see that house upon the hillside, Potter? My father lied there. My mother, a witch who lived here in this village, fell in love with him. But he abandoned her when she told him what she washe didn't like magic, my fatherhe left her and returned to his Muggle parents before I was even born, Potter, and she died giving birth to me, leaving me to be raised in a Muggle orphanagebut I vowed to find himI revenged myself upon hum, that fool who gave me his nameTom Riddle""Oh please, you weren't the only one who's had a shit childhood." said Harry his green eyes flashing in barely suppressed fury. How many times had he wished to kill his own so called family? Each year it got more and more inventiveunfortunately he couldn't. Dumbledore would know within seconds what he'd done."Listen to me, reliving family history" Voldemort said quietly, and did he do anything other than bloody whisper?! "Why, I am growing quite sentimentalBut look, Harry! My true family returns""I already know your family history, I got the same talk just before you tried to kill me in the chamber of secretsso please spare me." said Harry, rolling his eyes shifting his head from side to side, he ached something fierce. True family? His heart sank at the sight of all the wizards Apparating into the Graveyard, yes; this day was truly his last. He thought of them as family? That much he hadn't expected. There was so much he was ignorant of, he wished he had answers."Welcome, Death Eaters," Voldemort said. "Thirteen yearsthirteen years since last we met. Yet you answer my call as though it was yesterdaywe are still united under the Dark Mark, then! Or are we?"He was beginning to think Voldemort didn't know how to raise his voice other than to laugh manically. Harry's eyes observed his surroundings, too many Death Eaters, not a hope in hell of getting out of thishopefully they would end him quickly. He didn't want to count his chickens, after all the last times had been far from pleasant, no attempt at a flash of green light."I smell guilt," he whispered, "There is a stench of guilt upon the air."Really he could smell like a snake? Then he was bound to smell his fear and that didn't sit well with him at all."I see you all, whole and healthy, with your powers intact - such prompt appearances! And I ask myselfwhy did this band of wizards never come to the aid of their Master, to whom they swore eternal loyalty?"Eternal loyalty? Really? How had he gained so many followers was the blood supremacy really thattwisted in all pureblood's?"And I answer myself," Whispered Voldemort, "They must have believed me broken, they thought I was gone. They slipped back among my enemies, and they pleaded innocence, and ignorance and bewitchment."How did Voldemort know all this? Pettigrew had spentthirteen years as a rat, listening to the Weasley's. There was also Jorkin's who had died by Voldemort's hand, he would have gotten all information he possibly could. If he found out about the tournament from her then it was probable he had gotten more."And then I ask myself, but how could they have believed I would not rise again? They, who knew the steps I took, long ago, to guard myself against mortal death? They, who had seen proofs of the immensity of my power, in the times when I was mightier than any wizard living?"He had every Death Eater stiller than statues, he had them hanging on to every word and if Harry was honesthe would have been as well if he wasn't about to die. He had a way with words, even at the age of seventeen down in the chamber of secrets. Licking his dry lips, cursing himself once again for letting his mind wanderhe had to figure out a way out of here before he was met with a sticky end like Malfoy had claimed when he was twelve. He would hate to prove the git right - especially considering he was therehe could see his blond hair shining like a beacon in the stillness."And I answer myself, perhaps they believed a still-greater power could exist, one that could vanquish even Lord Voldemortperhaps they now pay allegiance of anotherperhaps that champion of Mudblood's and Muggles, Albus Dumbledore!"Harry snorted, unable to help himself that was a new one he'd never heard Dumbledore called that. Fortunately he didn't think anyone heard him since the Death Eaters had flinched and began shaking their head muttering and denying the accusation levelled their way."It's a disappointment to meI confess myself disappointed."Then what happened next had even Harry fearful and very nearly showing it, the Death Eaters were kneeling before Voldemort begging for forgiveness only to be hit with a spell that must have caused unendurable agony if the screams were anything to go by. Swallowing thickly, the Cruciatus CurseMoody was right then, it had been a favourite of Voldemort's during the war, his stomach tightened into a knot."Get up, Avery," said Voldemort softly, "Stand up. You ask for forgiveness? I do not forgive. I do not forget. Thirteen long yearsI want thirteen years of repayment before I forgive you. Wormtail has already paid some of his debt already, have you not, Wormtail?"Harry wondered very briefly why Avery was Avery yet Voldemort called Pettigrew by his nicknamea nickname that his father gave him only to betray him. Was Pettigrew closer to him? Other than the fact he brought him back? He shook of those thoughts feeling sick."You returned to me, not out of loyalty, but out of fear of your old friends. You deserve this pain, Wormtail. You know that, don't you?" said Voldemort.Of course, now that made more sense than Pettigrew actually giving a shit, Sirius and Remus would have been amused to learn that Pettigrew was terrified of them."Yes Master," moaned Wormtail, "Please, masterplease""Yet you helped return me to my body," said Voldemort coolly, watching Wormtail sobbing on the ground. "Worthless and traitorous as you are, you helped meand Lord Voldemort rewards his helpers"Harry grimaced in disgust at the sight before him, Pettigrew was more rat than humanthen again Voldemort was more snake than human but he hadn't always been that wayPettigrew on the other hand had always been that way at least according to Sirius. It could have been bitterness speaking, but either way he was deadthere was no way he could survive this surely? It would take a miracle and he had a feeling he was all out of them. Ignoring the conversation going on around him, yet absorbing the names of those he could for his own sake should he actually get out of this in one piece? Then hearing him speaking again caused him to pay attentionmissing Death Eaters?"And here we have six missing Death Eatersthree dead in my service. One, too cowardly to returnhe will pay. Two who remain my most faithful servants, one of which has already re-entered my service." whispered Voldemort sounding thoughtful."He is at Hogwarts, my faithful servantand it was through his efforts that our young friend arrived tonight" said Voldemort, "Yes. Harry Potter has kindly joined us for my rebirthing party. One might go so far as to call him my guest of honour.""I'm sorry to say I left my gift behind," said Harry sardonically, his eyes never wavering from Voldemort's."Master, we crave to knowwe beg you to tell ushow you have achieved thisthis miraclehow you managed to return to us" simpered Lucius.Voldemort finally broke eye contact with Harry and turned to Lucius, "Ah what a story it is, Lucius, and it begins and ends with my young friend here." Harry narrowed his eyes as Voldemort stalked forward towards him, inhaling sharply at the pain in his scar, as Voldemort's long white fingers hovered just inches from his skin. "You know, of course, that they have called this boy my downfall?""You all know that the night I lost my powers and my body, I had tried to kill him. His mother died in the attempt to save him - and unwittingly provided him with a protection I admit I had not foreseenI could not touch the boy." said Voldemort, his red eyes gleaming wickedly as he advanced further into Harry's face, if he had a nose it would have been pressed against Harry's. "His mother left upon him the traces of her sacrificethis is old magic, I should have remembered it, I was foolish to overlook itbut no matter I can touch him now."Harry bit his tongue, keeping his face impassive despite the agony coursing through him. He'd never allowed his uncle to get any satisfaction from itso he wasn't going to let Voldemort or the Death Eaters. Voldemort had come and actually intended on killing HIM it wasn't his familywhy? Its not like he'd gone around killing children otherwise Hogwarts would have been emptysurely? Why him? What the hell made him so special? That Voldemort would come and personally try and kill him? He'd asked Dumbledore once but he'd never revealed why. Voldemort laughed in his ear, before turning away from him again to address the Death Eaters."I miscalculated, my friends, I admit it. My curse was deflected by the woman's foolish sacrifice, and it rebounded upon me. Aaahhpan beyond pain, my friends; nothing could have prepared me for it. I was ripped from my body, I was less than a spirit, less than the meanest ghostbut still, I was alive. What I was, even I do not knowI, who have gone further than anybody along the path that leads to immortality. You know my goal - to concur death. And now, I was tested, and it appeared that one or more of my experiments had workedfor I had not been killed, though the curse should have done I. nevertheless, I was powerless as the weakest creature alive, and without the means to help myselffor I had no body and every spell which might have helped me required the use of a wand. I remember only forcing myself, sleeplessly, endlessly, second by second, to existI settled in a faraway place, in a forest, and I waitedsurely one of my faithful Death Eaters would try and find meone of them would come and perform the magic I could not, to restore me to a bodybut I waited in vain""Only one power remained to me. I could possess the bodies of others. But I dared not go where other humans were plentiful, for I knew that the Auror's were still abroad and searching for me. I sometimes inhabited animals - snakes, of course, being my preference - but I was little better off inside them than as pure spirit, for their bodies were ill-adapted to perform magicand my possession of them shorted their lives; none of them lasted long"Auror's? The Auror's had searched for Voldemort? So they'd known all along that he wasn't really dead? Dumbledore was one thing but the Auror the Ministryhe could barely believe it, those sodding shits, were they manipulating him as well as Dumbledore?"Thenfour years agothe means for my return seemed assured. A wizard - young, foolish and gullible - wandered across my path in the forest I made my home. Oh, he seemed the very chance I had dreamed offor he was a teacher at Dumbledore's schoolhe was easy to bend to my willhe brought me back into this country, and after a while, I took possession of his body, to supervise him closely as he carried out my orders. But my plans failed. I did not manage to steal the Philosopher's stone. I was not to be assured immortal life. I was thwartedthwarted, once again, by Harry Potter""If it's any consolation you wouldn't have been able to get the stone," muttered Harry mulishly.This is going to be my first attempt at Tom Riddle/Harry Potter Slash and it will obviously be different starting from the end of the tournament :P will harry convince Tom to take the Horcruxes back in and regain his sainty? go back to his original goals instead of trying to kill him? or will he fire of the killing curse and Harry still survive leading him to think Harry holds the key to immortality? or will Harry get away like he usually does and have Voldemort become curious? will he kill the Dursley's? :D horrid painful deaths or quick but messy? :P can you even imagine Harry being dark? what of Sirius? would he change sides for his godson or will Harry lose him to his true nature? has Dumbledore gone too far in his bid to create a perfect weapon? what of the prophecy? it does say neither can live while one of them survives...if they get together it means neither is surviving and living it means they are both living would that null the prophecy? R&R; please! and i really am sorry for starting yet another story LOL!
