At Grimmauld Place"Harri are you sure we should be doing this?" Hermione asked, her eyes locked onto Harri's body which was currently searching through the wine cellar for anything to make her forget the past year. "Ah-ah!" Harri exclaimed, pulling out firewhiskey and muggle vodka. "Herm with what's happening with the war outside this house, I think it's a damn good idea!". Hermione just groaned following Harri upstairs as she skipped off. "Hey guys I've got the drink!".Malfoy Manor"My faithful I have heard some very troubling news" Lord Voldemort announced. "It seems the late Regulus Black was a traitor!" Sharp intakes of breath were heard around the table. "Dear Regulus stole a very valuable item of mine and now thanks to the death of the blood traitor Sirius Black, we are able to enter the Black ancestry home and retrieve it. Lucius, Severus, Bellatrix and young Draco you will be escorting me.Inside Grimmauld placeRon and Ginny were trying to set up a muggle music system in a magic free warded cupboard which joined onto the room they were playing card games in when Harri came bouncing in excited at the thought of getting smashed. "Hey Ron, Gin imagine if Skeeter could see us all now.. 'The-girl-who-lived-to-get-drunk!" she giggled along with Ginny. "Muggle Vodka as well? Dads mentioned that stuff, its meant to be a lot stronger than wizard alcohol.. Awesome!" Ron shouted back.Outside Grimmauld place"My Lord it seems the house is not empty" Lucius bravely commented immediately bowing his head in submission. "Indeed it does seem so" replied Voldemort's hissy drawl. "We shall proceed anyway; hopefully it is an order member we can execute". One thought kept running through Snape's mind, 'I hope those dunderhead gryffindors aren't inside".Inside Grimmauld place"Filthy trespassers in this noble house!" was being screeched from the hallway, unluckily due to the muggle music playing, the group of teens did not hear the warning until the door came crashing in and there stood the dark lord, whom in Harri's eyes looked magnificently terrifying. "Well well well, looks like we have a pack of lost lion cubs" taunted Voldemort. Sniggering could be heard from behind the dark lord. "Malfoy" Ron spat, acknowledging his nemesis as he entered the room. Harri kept her eyes locked onto Voldemort as Hermione and Ginny were cornered by Lucius and Bellatrix. "Don't worry mudblood and little red blood traitor we won't hurt you too much" cackled Bellatrix. "Quiet Bellatrix" Voldemort hissed not losing eye contact with Harri, whom much to his amusement did not have a sliver of fear in her eyes, oh how her fiery spirit humored him. "Harri Potter, how wonderful to see you again" said Voldemort, trying to taunt her. "Likewise Lord Voldemort, would you like a drink? A good host always offers refreshments". Harriet replied, acting as if they werent in a life threatening sitaution, although inside she was panicking. Looking around she noticed all her wandless friends had a death eater with a wand covering them. In the background she could hear Draco and Hermione arguing, when she heard the first syllable of the cruciatus spoken she really panicked. Suddenly the room went silent, the temperature dropped, the lights dimmed and everyone stared at Harri in shock, her hair was beginning to dance around her body with the magnificent power she was displaying. No one could break eye contact with what was happening, the atmosphere was beginning to feel thick and suppressed. Voldemort was in a daze, oh how delicious and erotic her dark power felt..wait.. dark power?! That seemed to snap him out of it. "I Lady Peverell-Black, Heiress Potter-Gryffindor call upon the blood magic of the Noble house of Black to lock down this current Black property; I call upon you to protect your Lady" Spoke the strong voice of Harriett.Everyone could feel the shift in atmosphere. "Nooooo!" screeched Bellatrix. "How have you, you filthy half-blood got the title of Lady Black?" she demanded. Harri simply raised an eyebrow in response and turned back to the dark lord dismissing Bellatrix as unimportant. Bellatrix was seething! 'How dare she!?' "Crucio!" she snarled, aiming the spell as Harri's back.. yet nothing happened. Everyone but Harri and the Dark Lord looked shocked; he was still watching Harri intently. "How ironic.. The shrieking banshee had the gall to question me over being Lady Black when the stupid bint does not even seem to know how the blood Black family magic works" Harri snidely said. Ron started laughing whilst Bellatrix looked more livid than ever. "Careful hunny that insanity is showing.." Oh how Harri hated that mental bitch. "The manor is in lockdown for at least 36 hours, more if the family magic feels threatened. No magic can be cast, no ill intent can be made without due course in which the family magic decides, no way in, no way out. The only thing that can use magic is the house elves", Harri informed the speechless group whilst going back to her seat and taking a large shot of Vodka.
