Disclaimer: I do NOT own the Harry Potter franchise. The Harry Potter franchise is copyrighted by the author J. K. Rowling. The only copyrights that I DO own are Original Characters, Original Themes, and Original Plotlines. I wrote this story with only entertainment purposes in mind, and as such I have made no monetary gain off of this work of fiction. Please do not sue.Author's Note:So, decided to pick up another of whitetigerwolf's challenges. Below I've listed the Challenge and the aspects of it that I've decided to use:DRAGON POTTER CHALLENGE:First I would like to thank Damon-blade for their story Wolf, I just re-read it, again, and it is what inspired this Challenge.Summary: At a young age, a burst of accidental magic allows him to complete his animagus transformation into a dragon. But, being so young, he is unable to change back.Requirements:- Harry must remain a dragon for a year or two at least (Accepted, Fourth year)- Harry must spend time in a Dragon Preserve (whether it's the Romanian one or another, it doesn't matter) (Accepted, Romanian)- Due to the amount of time spent in his animagus form at a young age, Harry must have a more Draconian outlook on life (Accepted)- Harry must be taken under the wing of an older, grown dragon (Accepted)- (Simply because I like the character and don't see enough fics with her involved heavily) Amelia Bones must have a big part in the story (As a mentor, love intrest, adoptive parent, boss, etc.) (Accepted, love interest)- Harry cannot be paired with another male (key word is another, if you make a Fem!Harry story, go ahead and pair Harry with a guy) (Accepted, as a male Harry there will be NO slash)- If Harry is paired with anyone, they must be able to change, or already be, a dragon (Whether due to Animagus, artifact, some type of bond with Harry, or anything else you can think of is up to you). And If Harry is paired with a born dragon then they must somehow be able to become human. THIS DOES NOT NEED TO BE IMMEDIATE. (Accepted on all accounts, Dragon-mating rituals/magic)- Harry cannot know about what happened on Halloween until someone explains it to him. (Accepted)- Amelia is Susan's Aunt by blood, not marriage. (Accepted)RECOMENDATIONS:- Harry/Amelia pairing, with Harry having aged while trapped as a dragon so that there is not, or at least does not appear to be, such a large age gap between the two. (Accepted, it is dragon-magic.)- Harry/Amelia pairing, with Amelia de-aging somehow, again so that there is not such a large age-gap (Accepted, Amelia isn't quite as old as in canon.)- Harry/Susan pairing (Denied, Harry views her as a Hatchling)- Harry is stuck into what would be his Hogwarts years (I don't care how far into however) (Accepted, Harry won't return until fourth year.)- Harry/Born Dragon pairing (Accepted, Multi-Ship.)- Harry turning into a Hungarian Horntail (Denied.)- Harry turning into a thought to be extinct dragon i.e. Ice Dragon (Accepted, Blood Dragon.)- As usual for my challenges, I wouldn't mind seeing some citrus (Accepted.)- Harry also traveling back in time and meeting Amelia while she is still in school (preferably while he is still unable to change back into a human) (Denied, too many headaches would be caused by that route.)00That's it, have fun with it.Author's Note (Cont'd):This will be a hell of a ride. Gonna write it as a multi-ship, though, between Harry and some older women. First on the list are Amelia and the born dragon female. I'm thinking McGonagall will be in there, somewhere. Maybe one of the other Hogwarts teachers If whitetigerwolf has a suggestion, then PM me!Paring: Harry/Amelia/OC(dragon)/Minerva/?Summary: Harry Potter disappeared in 1986. It is now 1994 and Hogwart's is now hosting the Tri-wizard Tournament. The first task of the tournament is to fetch a golden egg from a mother dragon. But no one expected that the only living Blood Dragon would follow his mate to Hogwarts, or that they would learn that said dragon was really Harry Potter.Enjoy:Harry Potter and the Flight of DragonsA Harry Potter Fanfiction byProfessor ImageChapter 1:"Born in Fire"XXXHe was called Harry. Harry Potter.He was a young, frail boy with messy black hair and startlingly green eyes. He was strange though, and everyone could somehow sense that strangeness. Uncle Vernon called him Freak, or Boy. Harry figured that he had a reason to, but the small boy knew not what it could be.Harry lived with his aunt and uncle Vernon and Petunia Dursley, alongside his fat cousin Dudley that made him imagine the boy as a piglet. Uncle Vernon was a big man with hardly any neck and a giant mustache that made Harry think of a Walrus, while Aunt Petunia was a thin woman with a long neck that caused the boy to think of a horse.Harry's bedroom was the cupboard under the stairs. It was a small, cramped area, but Harry was used to it. It was dark there, which didn't help his eyes when he tried to read his school book. But it was safe. As long as he stayed there Vernon, Petunia or Dudley would not seek him out unless it was to fetch him for chores.Harry was six years old, he remembered. He had a love for learning, reading, and numbers and so picked up how to count fairly quickly. He didn't even need to use his fingers like Dudley.In all these years, Harry can't remember having a birthday of his own. He only knew that he was six because the Dursley's made him memorize his birthdate before he started his schooling. He knew that he was born in 1980, July 31st. He knew that other children had birthday parties, but he did not mind this fact. To him, it seemed that celebrating birthdays was kind of silly.However, he knew what happened when Dudley's birthday came around. The Dursley's made sure that Harry would be scarce on those days.Today was one of them.Harry didn't mind being babysat by Mrs. Figg. The Durlsey's never went out of their way to make sure that he was fed, and though they fed him regularly, if he should catch their ire than they were just as likely to put a ban on his meals, which happened often enough that he had grown so short despite his age. Mrs. Figg on the other hand, despite the smell of her house and the abundance of cats, was a very nice woman who treated Harry kindly and made sure that he was more than well fed. He liked her, but didn't appreciate how she would keep him locked in her home looking at her photo albums of her many cats instead of letting him wander around the neighborhood as the Dursley's did.On that particular day Mrs. Figg served them a fat roast and lots of potatoes and carrots and onions. It was such a hearty dish that Harry didn't mind when Mrs Figg suggested that he lie down for a nap. He didn't even mind when three of the older woman's many cats curled up on his chest as he dozed on her couch.Sometime during his nap he heard a short scream and a crash, and slowly he became aware of the heat. Opening his eyes drowsily, Harry was immediately startled awake by the roaring fire around him from everywhere in the house."Mrs. Figg!" exclaimed Harry, jumping up and scrambling to the door. As he approached the front door the ceiling gave way and chunks of burning wood crashed down, forcing him to scatter. Harry's foot landed on something, and the hiss and claws that found his tender leg forced him to jump away from the frightened cat and into a wave of fire. Harry screamed as he felt his skin burn, and threw himself down, trying to smother the fire.Finally, Harry forced the pain down, crawling across the ground, inching towards the kitchen and the back door. He found to his horror not only was the kitchen up in flames, but that Mrs. Figg's flaming corpse rested silently on the ground amidst the blaze. Harry screamed his fear and horror, clawing his way back into the burning living room as the fire began to press down from all sides, yearning to snuff out his young life with their cruel heat.In the living room those cats that hadn't managed to escape the blaze gathered around them. Harry found himself huddling over them, wishing with all his might that there was some way that he could escape, that the fire couldn't touch him. Harry wanted to be bigger, stronger, with skin so tough that no one or anything could hurt him. He wanted to be powerful; he never wanted to know such weakness as this ever again.And something inside little Harry awoke. A great breast, noble and ancient, wise and young, powerful fierce, kind and loving  lifting its mighty neck, long and serpentine as it was, it flared green eyes at the blaze and roared its fury.And Harry was no more.Now only Emberjade the dragon remained.XXXThe residents of Privet Drive, Surrey gathered around the inferno, even the likes of the returned Dursley's. Whereas most of the locals of the street were horrified or filled with terror for those trapped in the burning home, both Vernon and Petunia Dursley wore strangely euphoric expressions. Dudley, on the other hand, titled his head and gasped, "I thought Mrs. Figg was babysitting the Freak today." but his parents shushed him, glancing round and were reassured when no one reacted to their son's crass.Then, all of a sudden, with a mighty boom that resounded through the entire hamlet, the house came crashing down. For one second a hush settled over the street, and then a mighty roar of a primordial beast shook the village and a long, serpentine neck stretched up and over the house tops. Emerald eyes that burned with primitive hatred and menace as it looked over the tiny ants that were watching it rise from the ashes in stunned horror, and then, at last, it opened its great maw and spat flames the size of buses down into the crowd on the street level.The fireballs smacked into the Dursley family with sudden ferocity, immolating them before they felt the faintest touch of pain. That was when the screaming began.Pushing and trampling over each other, the tiny humans ran, frightened out of their wits. Angered by the noise and strangely hungry, the dragon pulled itself from the smoldering remains of Mrs. Figg's house and trampled down the street, belching fire at the houses and humans that it came across.This was the scene that the aurors came upon. Apparating into the center of the chaos, Alastor Moody and Amelia Bones and Rufus Scrimgeour took one look at the raging dragon before each firing off their own Patronuses and then scurrying down the street, lathing stunners at the beast. The dragon reared back as the stunners impacted its mighty breastplate, sneered down at them and roared."You've got to be kidding," exclaimed Amelia, as the three aurors scattered. "Where the hell did this thing come from?""Eyes on the ball, Amelia!" shouted Mad-Eye Moody, firing a conjunctivitis curse straight into the dragon's eyes. The reptile staggered back, shaking its head, blinded, and giving Moody the time to shout, "Bind it with chains!""On it!" agreed Amelia, wand swirling in complex patterns."Give me a min," Scrimgeour cried, wand waving as well.Chains shot out from the wands of the aurors, locking around the creature's massively muscled limbs and snapping them tight to its body. The dragon roared again, thrashing, its struggles digging the chains further into its scaly hide."Easy there, big guy," Amelia called, but the dragon paid her mind."Don't you dare lower your wand, Amelia!" shouted Moody, blasting more stunners at the dragon. All this was only irritating the beast. Its huge, bright green eyes fixed on Moody's form, spitting hatred, before its thrashing began again, shuddering against its bindings. Then a wet tearing sound filled the street, and blood began to rain down onto the ground. Feeling the magic around them growing, Moody swore. "GET DOWN!" he roared.All three aurors threw themselves to the ground just as the magic building around the dragon exploded. Small hard spikes of red matter blasted in ever which direction on the street, speeding faster than any bullet, and any of the muggles that had stood around to watch the spectacle and hadn't of course protected themselves found their bodies riddled with holes. Many of the houses surrounding them fell apart with resounding crashes, their supports compromised by the many bullet-sized holes that spread through their frames."Dammit!" Moody swore, casting a numbing and a stasis spell on his left arm, sure that he'd have some new scars now. "Amelia, Rufus, what's your status?""I'm fine," Amelia's voice was shaking as she rose up to trembling knees. "What was that?""Rufus?" questioned Moody, deciding to ignore her question, instead keeping his eyes on the still struggling dragon. With the grinding noises of metal in the air it wouldn't be long until the dragon tore through those chains."Iit got my leg, but I can still fight," Rufus panted, forcing himself onto his elbows at his pointed his wand at the raging animal. "Where the hell are the Dragon Handlers?""Right here," a voice said breathlessly, and Moody chanced a glance with his magical blue eye at the group of ten wizards and witches that were running up to them down the street. "Oh, wow, I've neverthis is incredible!""Not now, Julius!" Moody snapped, turning his eyes back onto the dragon. "Tell me you brought enough people with you to contain this thing.""If each of us, which includes you lot as well," Julius claimed, striding up to stand beside the kneeling Moody, "well, if we all hit it with stunners in the face than we can knock it out.""Good. On the count of three, then," Moody ordered, and every witch and wizard raised their wands and aimed for the dragon's forehead. "One, twothree!" he shouted."Stupefy!"Thirteen stunners, red like fire burst from thirteen wands, zipping to the dragon's face faster than any manmade bullet and smacked the animal so hard that the dragon reared back, staggering. For a second it almost appeared as if the dragon was unaffected by the barrage of stunners, before its eyelids fell down over its green eyes and it sank heavily to the ground with a loud boom.Everyone there gave a collective sigh of relief."Merlin's beard," Amelia swore, still trembling. Moody spared his friend and protg a look. It appeared as if she was in shock."Never again, Moody, never again," Rufus Scrimgeour swore, lying his body down on the ground. "Can someone get a medic?""I'm a trained field medic," a detached male voice said, followed by a tall, lanky young man strolling up to Rufus and kneeling down to begin field dressing the man. "We'll need to transport Mr. Scrimgeour and Mr. Moody to St. Mungo's to properly treat these wounds. The readings that I'm getting from these wounds aren't good.""You do that, Devin," Julius ordered, and turned to Moody as Devin meanwhile ordered two others of the group to gather Rufus and Moody together for transport. "I'll see you in an hour for a report. I know at least you realized that this wasn't a normal dragon.""No," Moody agreed, nodding his head. "I'll be waiting."An hour later, Moody sat in his bed in St. Mungo's, his left arm in a sling. As he had thought, none of the Med-Wizards or Med-Witches had been able to find a counter charm for the magic in his injury. Just as he and Julius thought, that dragon that they had faced was definitely not one of the usual breeds. Especially any found in the Scottish Dragon Sanctuary.A few minutes into Moody's quiet musing and he was interrupted by a sharp knock. The tall man with graying hair and yellow hawk eyes that entered the room was familiar."How did my childhood pet Cybil die?" Moody demanded at once. The other man let out a long suffering sigh."You didn't have a pet named Cybil, you had a toad named Henry," Julius pointed out."Julius," Moody greeted."Alastor," Julius Hooch said plainly. "You know why I'm here."Moody nodded, his blue eye spinning wildly in its socket. With a grimace, he motioned to the chair placed beside his bed, which he had anticipated his old friend would need."Thank you," said Julius, sitting down."It's very rare for dragons to attack human populations," Moody began darkly, chuckling. "It's even rarer for aurors to be called in to deal with it.""Naturally," Julius agreed. "People tend to notice when a dragon escapes one of the sanctuaries."Moody nodded. "Damn right. Of course, we didn't know what we were getting into when the report came in. We thought it was the usual breach of the Statute of Secrecy. Maybe even a Death Eater or two who decided to have fun with some muggles. Never even suspected a dragon attack""Not even a hint of a dragon sighting?" pried Julius."No.""Then this dragonhow did you deal with it?" asked Julius."Standard procedure: call for backup, try and subdue. Didn't work to well" Moody grumbled sourly."How so?" inquired Julius."Hit it with stunners, trying to knock it out. It just shrugged them off. I tried to use a conjunctivitis curse, but it only infuriated the creature. Then we tried chains." Here, Moody hesitated."Something happened I take it?" asked Julius."Yes. It was struggling so much that it forced the chains to tear open its hide, and then I felt the magic build." Moody sighed. "It didsomething with its blood. It was kind of like an explosion of spikes.""I saw the results. I had an idea of what caused it." Julius stated."So you know what it is, then?" this time Moody was prying."I have an idea, yes," Julius agreed. He frowned and rubbed at his chin. "From what you say, I figure that what we got on our hands is a Blood Dragon." Moody narrowed his eyes."Why does that not sound like a good thing?" questioned the auror."It is. Well, for us Dragon Handlers. Blood Dragons have been thought extinct for centuries. They were hunted into extinction, you see," Julius explained, noticing Moody's questioning expression. "Why one of them would appear now, and in that manner, well, I think that's a bit worrisome. If this were even fifty years ago the standard procedure would have been to kill them on sightbut now, Dragon Rights mean that he'll be transferred to an isolated Sanctuary where there isn't any hope of something like this happening ever again.""How do you know it is a Blood Dragon, though?" Moody questioned."It's one of the extinct breeds of dragons. Every Dragon Handler has studied them at least at some point in their lives. It's just our luck that someone like me, whose made it his hobby to hunt for rare breeds of dragons was able to capture it." Julius sighed and sat back in his seat, looking to his old friend grimly. "The physical signs that give it away are its blood red colored scales, and its emerald green eyes. The second is of course its crown of six horns. There's also the split tongue shape of its tail, and the double row of spikes underneath its wings. But the obvious clue is its use of blood magic. We're lucky that it was still a hatchling or we'd all have been dead.""Hatchling, how can you tell? It was as big as a Ukrainian Ironbelly!" exclaimed Moody, appearing startled at the thought that the dragon could grow any bigger than what it was already."That's the trouble with the extinct breeds. The reason why they are extinct is because they were so big and dangerous to humans. They've been hunted into extinction because wizards fear them" Julius sighed tiredly. "Blood Dragons are at least twice the size of Ukrainian Ironbelly Dragons, at least the males, anyways. The Females on the other hand are twice the size of the males and twice as vicious. An adult male Blood Dragon's roar can cause anyone that hears it to implode as their own blood is used as a deadly weapon. Hatchling males can only use their own blood as a weapon. Adult females can do much the same; the difference is that they are so much more violent than the males, especially if they have a clutch of eggs to protect.""Slytherin's ghost!" swore Moody, his skin paling so that it blended with all the silvery scars that pockmarked his face. "And you actually want to protect this dragon?" questioned Moody, as if he couldn't trust the sanity of his old friend. Julius just waved the auror's worries away."It's alright. Blood Dragons actually have to be using their magic to kill with their voices," Julius explained. "It's been proven that if a Blood Dragon, most notably a male Blood Dragon, is captured while still a Hatchling than they can be tamed so that they aren't a threat to humans. Much more docile than other Dragon Breeds, in fact. The problem is that female Blood Dragons are so fiercely protective of their eggs that the battles needed to capture an egg uselessly result in both the mother and the eggs being destroyed. I think Merlin was the last wizard who ever tamed a Blood Dragon, and again it was a male.""And you are sure it is a male?" Moody demanded. Julius nodded."Yes. Not only are female Blood Dragon Hatchlings bigger than the males, even if they are the same age as the one we encountered today, but there are differing physical characteristics that mark which gender the dragons are. The most obvious of course being their size, but they also have golden spots on their belly, and their skull has black feathers behind their horns.""So it is definitely male?" asked Moody again."Yes."Moody sighed, appearing very exhausted at that moment. "I hope you are right."XXXEmberjade the Blood Dragon roused slowly, struggling to fight off slumber. He shuffled his great body, massive muscles shifting underneath colossal red scales. Blinking open his bright green eyes, he scanned the valley floor that he had been left within.Every which way he looked he was surrounded by trees. There was the lingering scent of those hairless creatures that had so angered him before he had fallen unconscious, but that was overwhelmed by the scent of the forest, prey, and dragonsso many dragons!He scanned the cloudy blue sky, rising to his hide quarters and stretching his long neck high up as he roared his pleasure. A great flap of his massive wings brought him into the air, and more powerful strokes saw him soaring over the large valley, scanning. In the distance he could see a herd of cattle meandering through a green thicket towards a blue river. Emberjade changed his course, swooped down and caught one of the bovines, and took it to the air.He settled down into a nearby valley and tore into the frightened beast, quenching his hunger as he fed eagerly on the living animal. For a second he forgot all about the hairless creatures that had angered it and took it from the place it had woken before, just glad to have a full belly and open space to spread his wing.There came a great crash in the valley behind him. Rising his mouth from the carcass of his meal he found to his annoyance a dragon slightly smaller than himself with green scales and long gold horns had landed. It roared fiercely at him."You are in my territory, little Hatchling!" it snarled, dripping slobber down from its maw. It skulked forwards, its massive body rippling with fat and muscle. Its menace was obvious."You're territory? You must be joking, old man!" Emberjade roared his challenge, the rebelliousness of youth and the eagerness of battle rearing in his heart. He bared massive white fangs dripping in the blood and gore of his recent kill. The fat dragon lumbering towards him reared onto its hind legs, roaring."Impetuous! Tonight there shall be one last dragon in the air!" it lunged.Its jaws snapping, its teeth primed to sink into Emberjade's throat. But the Blood Dragon whirled around and lashed at the older dragon with his tail, the split tongue barb at the end of his tail slashing across the older dragon's fore quarters and forcing it to retreat. Carefully, Emberjade circled the older dragon, snarling his own anger. The other reared up, filling its lungs with air. Emberjade knew what was coming next and filled his own lungs with air and magic.They both roared, hurling fireballs at each other. But Emberjade's was bigger, and as it encountered the green dragon's flames it blew through them and smacked the smaller dragon in the face. Emberjade threw himself at the older dragon, biting and clawing and lashing at it with his tail. He caught the other dragon's left wing with his tail, tearing through the thin membrane and forcing it to back off.The older dragon was panting now, dripping blood and yellow fat from the jagged flaps of skin torn from its scaly hide. As Emberjade tried to approach it the green dragon charged, trying to skewer the younger and bigger dragon on its horns. Emberjade lunged aside, caught the older dragon in his claws and bent its neck aside. Snarling his triumphant, Emberjade bit down into the older dragon's throat and tore it open.As Emberjade pulled away from the older dragon the other flopped to the ground, twitching, and the younger dragon knew that his elder would be dead soon. But before Emberjade could immolate it with his fire he saw a bright flash of red smack him across his muzzle. He roared, pained, but then more red flashes whizzed into his face and sent him crashing into the ground.It was the second time he had been stunned that day.To Be ContinuedAuthor's Note:So, that's it for now. Next up we have a time skip and the world's reaction to the disappearance of Harry Potter. What will Dumbledore do?Anyways, please leave me a review with your thoughts on this chapter. I love hearing what my reader's think of my work!Ta.Professor Image.
