WARNING. ADULT CONTENT. PROCEED AT YOUR OWN RISK. SERIOUSLY. IF YOU ARE UNDER 18, OR DON'T LIKE SMUT. TURN BACK NOW."Yes Miss Granger - Chapter 1Whilst most of those who had skipped their final year at Hogwarts returned to the school to retake the 7th year of their studies Hermione Granger didn't need to do that. She strutted around the old halls not as a student, but as the new Transfiguration teacher, replacing old McGonagall who had been promoted to head teacher. The year out fighting Voldemort had done wonders for Hermione's confidence and she returned a new woman.Gone we're the sensible knee length skirts, replaced by a tight fitting curve hugging pencil skirt. Gone we're the thick wooly tights, replaced by thin silky stockings. Gone we're the plain high necked shirts, replaced by low cut form fitted blouses and gone were the sensible flats, replaced instead by a pair of sexy heels. Glasses perched on the end of her nose so she could stare smouldering over the top of them and her hair in its up do was no longer the mess of frizz but instead added an air of elegance to the otherwise slutty outfit. She took pleasure in making teachers and students alike stare as she strutted past, or bent to pick up something she had dropped. It made her feel powerful. She could have anyone in this school and didn't she know it.XIt was humiliating, absolutely, categorically, humiliating. Not only being taught by Granger, as his better, but failing her class and being summoned, summoned! By a mudblood no less, to talk about his slipping grades and how they might be rectified. Draco stalked down the corridor towards Hermione's office absolutely fuming, muttering profanities he almost missed the strange sounds coming from the door in front of him. Curiosity peaked Draco slowed, coming to a stop in front of the door and bent down, muttering a quick spell to enlarge the key hole Draco nearly fell over at the sight in front of him.Granger, who he would admit now looked sexy as hell, was leaning against the front of her desk slightly perched on the edge, her legs were spread wide and her pencil skirt hitched up around her waist, one hand snaked between her legs rubbing frantically whilst the other groped at her breast through the thin material of her shirt. Draco could see that she wasn't wearing any underwear in either case. Dumbfounded and more than a little bit turned on he watched his enemy play with herself, her moans becoming increasing frantically and throaty as she neared her climax. With one of the sexiest moans he had ever heard the brunette came with a great shudder, he could see the excitement leaking down her legs. Unsure what to do now he watched as she stood up and began to straighten herself."You can come in now Draco" she called, turning to look directly into the keyhole as she said this. Caught red handed he froze for a moment, feeling almost guilty, before reasserting his Malfoy right to everything in the world and striding into the office closing the door behind him. Of course at the sexy smile on her face words failed him."I hope you enjoyed my little show Mr Malfoy" she purred seductively, smiling like the cat who got the cream, "I know I certainly did." She chuckled at his blank expression and this annoyed him, he opened his mouth to retort but she interrupted him."You're right, to business. Your grades have been slipping Mr Malfoy and I think it is about time we addressed this problem, I feel I have a perfect solution. It will involve some one on one, ahem, private tuition. In a sort of you scratch my back I'll scratch yours arrangement.""What on earth are you rambling on about Granger" Draco snapped, sick of being toyed with. "It's miss Granger to you" she purred peering over her glasses. "You need grades fixing and I have needs that need fulfilling." She stated, slowing walking towards him and running her hands down his chest. "You get my gist Mr Malfoy?" she asked whilst her hands ran tantalisingly closer to the bulge developing in his pants. Starting at the bottom she began to pop open the buttons one by one, until his pale but toned chest was revealed and she pushed the shirt off his shoulders."W-what?" He stuttered as she grabbed him by the tie and walked backwards to the desk, pushing him up against the edge she began to kiss her way down his neck and chest, fumbling with the button of his pants. She continued to kiss as she unclothed him until slowly kneeling before him,she took his length all the way into her mouth and pushed her mouth down his length. She pulled back from his cock and said "now what do you think to this arrangement Draco?" "I love it Granger" he exclaimed. She looked up with a menacing look despite having her hand gripped around his cock. Draco corrected himself "I love it Miss Granger". He moaned, threading his fingers into her hair as she bobbed on his cock, looking innocently up at him through her eyelashes as she did so. Occasionally pausing to swirl her tongue around his head Draco through his head back moaning freely unable to believe how lucky he was. All too soon she pulled away, despite his attempts to keep her there.He wasn't upset for long however as upon standing up Hermione turned towards him and began to strip, swaying her hips as she did so, every button popped revealing more of her gorgeous body and beautiful d cup breasts. Then she turned around and wiggled out of her skirt bending to show off her arse at all best possible angles.When she stood up she didn't have time to think before Draco crushed her to him, kissing and groping every available inch of skin. "You are perfect." He growled, drinking her in. She laughed pulling away. "I am in charge remember, if you want that O you better get on your knees and repay the favour." Wasting no time Draco dropped to his knees and spread her legs, even here she was beautiful. He kissed up along the inside of her thigh ghosting across her pussy with the lightest of breath and he heard her moan in frustration. He gave one long lick up her slit, causing her hips to jerk into him and with a wolffish grin Draco began his assault. He licked across and around her clit fast, each swipe of his dirty little tongue brought her closer and closer to the edge. She moaned in abandon as he muttered "who knew you liked it so dirty Miss Granger, so wet for me aren't you. Dirty little mudblood, are you going to come for me baby? All over my tongue?" Draco pushed first 1 then 2 fingers into her dripping pussy as his tongue continued on her clit causing her moans to intensify and with three thrust she came with a scream, her body shuddering violently as she gripped his fingers. Still moaning Hermoine spoke "well you're certainly making a good impression, how about you show me if you're man enough for me to keep this arrangement up then"."Okay Miss trust me I'm man enough for you". Leaving barely time for recovery Draco turned her over roughly, pulling her into a standing position with her back against his chest. "I don't know what you think you're playing at Granger" he growled into her ear, nibbling on it as he ground his now very prominent erection into her ass and pulled and played with her nipples. "Teasing me like this, but I don't like it. I don't care if you're my teacher, I'm going to fuck your hot little pussy right now and you're going to take it like the dirty girl up you are isn't that right?"Hermione moaned unintelligibly, still high off her orgasm and so incredibly turned on at being dominated all she could do was nod in agreement. Draco pushed her over so she was face down across her own desk, her nipples reacting to the cold wood, ass presented to him in the air. He moaned in appreciation kneading and groping the two delicious globes before him. He raised his hand and brought it down with a resounding smack causing the brunette to moan. "Do you like that, dirty girl?" He asked smacking the other cheek "you like being bent over and spanked like the naughty little mudblood you are don't you." He spanked her repeatedly until she was moaning uncontrollably and the evidence of how much she liked it was dripping down her legs. "Are you ready for my big cock?""Fuck me Draco, please" she begged and he obliged, sinking balls deep into her hot wet pussy. "Oh god, that feels so good. Please faster"Who was he to deny this little slut of a teacher, grabbing her hips he began to give it to her hard and fast. He reached forward and grasped her hair, pulling it so her back arched allowing him to fuck her deeper. His other hand snaked between her legs and rubbed her clit in time with his pounding. "Harder" she begged, trembling, thrusting her hips back in an effort to keep up with him."Come all over my cock you little slut" he demanded keeping up the break neck pace "I want to feel you come all over me" That was all it took and with a scream his professor came, bucking her hips as her powerful climax washed over her. Draco pulled out of her pussy and turned her back over."Finish me" he demanded. Dutifully Hermione took him into her mouth and sucked three times before he came down her pretty throat. He looked down at his teacher, naked. They both dressed, Draco still unable to keep his eyes from Granger's body. He turned to leave "so when shall I come back for more one on one tutoring Miss?"Raising his eyebrows cheekily as he spoke."I will send for you when I want for you" Hermoine purred at him, she strode sexily towards him "remember we play by my rules now, you may have dominated me there but only cause I wanted you to" she trailed her finger up his shirt and neck causing him to squirm for her. "If you keep doing as well as you did today, I might get generous and do a group tutorial with you" she winked "now run along to your next lesson" she purred taking her seat and righting herself.If this goes well I may do more, so let me know what you think. It was my first time writing smut so please no flames I don't know if my confidence could take it, I'm already super embarrassed aha.
