Prologue The Stars and HeavensWhen a man truly loves a woman she becomes his weakness. When a woman truly loves a man he becomes her strength. He looked at the couple dancing in the middle of the ballroom. The girl with her faded sunset hair and emerald-green eyes laughed at something the boy said. The boy with his chaotic hair and laughing hazel eyes held the girl with so much love and care. She fell into his embrace and the two took the spotlight from the bride and groom for a mere moment." I used to tease Lily that she was always destined to be with him," a voice said from behind him. He turned and caught side of a girl in a soft sliver dress. His eyes softened at the sight of the brunette. Marlene's sapphire eyes danced with a pride as she walked over to him. Her lips pulled into a tight smile as she watched her best friend stare into the eyes of her love." I think that they're good for each other," he replied. He slipped his hands into the pocket of his slacks. Marlene leaned her head against his shoulder and sighed." How so?" she asked. He looked down at her and watched her with careful eyes. He turned to look at the dancing couple with almost proud eyes." I loved Lily with all of my heart and all of my soul. But James always loved her more. I think that he loves her for her flaws instead of the things that make her lovely. He can take some of her burdens and carry them for her. He makes her walk like she used to," He answered. It was so true; but as he watched James lean in and pull Lily in for a light kiss, he couldn't help the sting in his heart.Lily was his first and only love. But fate didn't want them to be together. He lost her as he faded to the stars and heavens. She had to carry the world on her shoulders for too long. But James was there. It took James some time to figure out how to love Lily when she walked with the weight of the world instead of freedom. But James really did love Lily. Through all of his flaws, James loved Lily enough to carry her burdens and let her walk with freedom as her partner." What about her? Do you think that she's good for James," Marlene asked. He looked at James. James did take quite a lot this year. He lost so much, but he didn't let his losses keep him from loving Lily." I think that James needs a girl like Lily. No he needs Lily. See Lily and I were like the stars. We guided each other and made each other glow. But James is like air for her. She needs him to breathe. He needs her to live. I don't think that Lily would survive his death like she survived mine," he replied. Marlene squeezed his arm and pulled her to dance with her.She leaned against his chest and he led them in a light dance. He didn't know the bride and groom of the wedding they were crashing personally, but everybody had heard of the Auror couple Alice Prewitt and Frank Longbottom. It was nice to know that the world still had something to be happy about even though it was falling to pieces.His eyes looked over to Lily and for a moment she looked up to him. He fell in love all over again when her emerald eyes met his cobalt ones. Her eyes widened for a moment. She couldn't see him, but he knew that she was aware of his presence. Lily was special like that. Suddenly she looked back up to James and said something. He frowned, since he couldn't hear her words. He only hoped that she was telling James how much she loved him. He was right. James leaned in and pressed a kiss to Lily's forehead. James knew exactly what to do." I think that Lily and James would have cute babies. Not as cute as yours would have been but pretty damn cute," Marlene announced. He looked down at Marlene with a grin." I'm sure that Lily would have a hell of a time trying to keep her child's hair under control," he mused. Marlene reached up and ruffled his midnight black locks. He always thought that Lily and him would end up like the newly married Longbottom couple. He could see them fighting the forces of Voldemort. He could see Lily walking down an aisle in a white dress. He could see a baby with her hair and his eyes. But the day he died, Lily's fate changed. It was fate for her to have a baby with James Potter's hair and her emerald-green eyes. She was fated to fall in love with James Potter like the way someone dances; each touch and every glance filled her with more and more love." She's happy there's nothing left for us here," Marlene whispered. He knew she was right. But he just wanted one last moment to appreciate the way Lily laughed. He wanted so many moments with her. He wanted so many things that could never happen." I'll follow you. Go on Marlene. I'll be right behind you," he replied. Marlene squeezed his hand and pulled him into a tight hug. He watched her walk out of the doors to the garden. He watched Marlene disappear into the stars. No one else saw her.He turned and walked towards the dancing couple in the center of the ballroom. He could hear their conversation from his spot to Lily's left." I like that we're real. We're not the golden couple that Adam and I were. We're not the drunken fling that Sirius and Emmeline have. We're not the power couple that Alice and Frank are. We're just so real that it makes me love you even more," Lily said. He closed his eyes and listened to the sound of Lily's voice. She took words and wrote a sonnet out of them." I know Lily, I love you too ," James answered. He opened his eyes and watched James Potter. The James Potter of his memories was nothing but a nuisance for Lily. But the James Potter in front of him saved her from her worst demons. The pair of them had such an interesting way of expressing love. Lily used her words and James used his actions. They fitted each other perfectly.James leaned in and pressed a kiss to Lily's left hand. He could see a ring glittering on her left hand. It suited them. It had modest touches for her and the grand stature that Potter wanted. He knew that Lily would be happy with Potter. It was time for him to leave her and let her live her life." To the stars and heavens Lily I have loved you," Adam whispered. With that he walked out of the room and followed Marlene back to where they came. Lily felt a wind brush her arm as James pressed a kiss to her hand. She blinked and heard a bell-like laugh. But when Lily opened her eyes the owner of the laugh was right in front of her. James smiled at her with so much love. She met his eyes and pulled him in for a kiss. Right before their lips met, Lily spoke." I think that I love you James Potter," she whispered. Her eyes glittered like the gems of love. James's eyes twinkled as he pulled her in for that kiss." I think that I love you Lily Evans," James answered. When their lips met Lily felt at peace. Being happy was something that she wasn't used to. But James made her happy and that was amazing.This is a new piece I'm planning on starting. I'm going to work on this during the school year and focus mainly on it. I plan on finishing part two of Confingo before the end of August. But once September arrives I will be updating Confingo maybe once or twice a month. I feel that Confingo takes more of my focus than this will.Exchange of Power will be shorter than Confingo. It's set in Lily and James's seventh year. It will be more canon than Confingo.R&R;-Rin
