Monday 3rd July 2006Dear Diary,OMG! You'll never guess what happened today! I was sitting down to breakfast when the doorbell rang. Mum went to get it and there was this weird lady there wearing a pointed hat and dark blue robe thing. She said she was called Professor Smith and she was here from Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry! She said I was a witch and I'd been accepted there and she was here to explain everything about the wizarding world and help me buy all my stuff for school. Then she started talking to my parents about a load of boring stuff while I stared down at the letter she'd handed me.I'M A WITCH!The letter included a list of stuff I'm going to need. It said I'm not allowed a broomstick though. :( How rubbish is that! It did say I was allowed a pet of some kind, but mum outright refused saying I was too young to look after an animal on my own.My parents seemed very surprised about the whole thing and I don't think they believed it at all to start with until Professor Smith demonstrated some magic by levitating my glass of orange juice then turning it into an actual orange.We made plans for her to come back this weekend to take us to London to a place called Diagon Alley which is apparently a magical place where I can buy everything for school.I wonder if it'll be anything like Miss Cackle's Academy for Witches. I wish mum would let me have a cat like Tabby, though hopefully I won't get into trouble as much as Mildred Hubble.I don't know what I'm going to tell all my friends. Professor Smith said the wizarding world is a secret from muggles (apparently their name for people without magic like mum and dad). That seems unfair. I had been looking forward to going to secondary school with all my friends, but now I'm going to be leaving them behind. Maybe I can tell them as long as they swear to keep it a secret then they won't think I'm abandoning them to go to some strange secret place without telling them anything.I can't wait for next weekend!Love Iris.xxx
