Fic about Draco/Hermione relationship.Text from The Vampire Diaries.Couldn't resist.I'm sitting in the garden. Watching how my best friend Hermione has just another fight with Draco Malfoy. Will they ever stop? They're fighting since the first year. Already seven years. But they sure have a thing with each other, even blind man would saw it, I thinks.From the moment I met Draco and till now, I can say he changed. On a better way. Not alot, but still, he changed. So did Hermione. I know she has feelings for him, but she doesn't want to admit that to herself. Probably because of their relationship from before. She thought she hates him but apperently it's not like that. They don't know what to do with each other. And it's killing them. A week ago I found Hermione crying. She was always telling me how she'll never cry for a boy. Draco Malfoy changed it. He sure did.I will never understand them. They seem like they hate each other on first, but, when you look very carefully, you can notice how they're much like each other. I other universe they would be perfect for each other. But not here. Not in Hogwarts. Slytherin and Gryffindor together? I never didn't see that. And I think I won't. It's...unnaturally. Somewhere else, anywhere, they would fall in love just like that.One more bad thing is that my brother Ron, he really likes Hermione. I think he doesn't know about Draco and her. It breaks my heart when I see him all happy around her, knowing she'll never see him more then friend. One day he has to find out. He'll be broken. Or maybe, he and Hermoine end up together, but she'll never really love him. Not 'till Draco Malfoy's alive. Never.My thinking breaks profesor McGonagall. She sits next to me. Maybe she knows what I'm thinking about."They're interesting, aren't they?" she says looking at Draco and Hermione."Who profesor?" I ask. I don't want her thinking how I spy them."It's okay dear. I saw you looking at them. Young girl like you must have opinion about them.""They are just...I don't know. From outside, they seem to hate each other, but from the inside, they have something."Profesor McGonagall laughs slightly. Is this funny to her? Or is it something I said?"My dear. It's much more then just that. You're young. You can't see what I see." she says nicely."And what do you see?""It's much more then just house rivalry. There's so much more between them. They have...an understanding. He talks, she understands and listens. She talks he understands and listens. That's what brought them together. They understand each other perfectly. And that's something it's hard to find. Even when you're grown up person.""But they still don't want to admit that to themselves.""It's something new for both of them. They change each other.It's not just that she makes him a better person, and she does. But, he changes her too. Draco challenges her, surprises her, he makes her question her life, beliefs. Ron is different, his love is pure, and he'll always be good for her." she makes a break "Draco is either the best thing for her, or worst.""We'll see how it'll end up." all I can say in that moment. Profesor's right. It realy is much more. I don't know surely what it is but I know I'm standing in the middle of a love story...."We didn't finish conversation Malfoy." I yell behind him.He goes in requirement room and I follow him. We have to end this."Go away. Leave me alone." he says coldly.We enter the room and I lock the door behind me. He stands close to window looking through it."Why you won't leave Ron and Neville alone?! I'm already sick of seeing every day how you're messing up with them!" I yell on him. I'm so pissed of. He turns around and walks towards me."They're not able to defend themselves. That's what makes them weak. And I use it." he says with evil smile. "Besides, I do that only to them. I'm okay with everyone else. Even with Potter. What else you want from me?!""To stop trying to be someone you're not." I say desperatly."You're wrong Hermione. This is me. True me."He starts walking away but I grab his face in my hands and I look him in eyes."No, you're not. And you know it. It's true, you are arrogant, egoistic...moronic idiot." I stop for a moment "But you also are smart, nice and kind. A good friend. And I'm sorry, but...that's all I see in you."He looks at me with separated lips. In his eyes I see desperation, because I'm right, sadness and happiness in same time. He lightly smiles and kisses me. I automatically wrap my arms around his neck. His hands are around my small waist. It passed way to long since we kissed last time. In this kiss I could feel desire and passion. Like we are trying to make up to each other for that long time since last kiss. It's like we can't be close to each other enough. I'm going through his soft hair with my hand. Gee, how I missed this. After few minutes we break the kiss not breaking eye contant. He puts his forhead on mine and smiles to me."You always know right thing to say." he says quietly."I know." I say with a smile pulling us in another kiss.I don't want to be separated so long from him never again. I can't. I want to say that to him but kiss is telling everything. He feels the same way. I can feel it."I'm sorry. If you want it, I'll stop messing up with them.""I would be grateful.""Well, under one condition." he says slightly. I could see this coming."And what would that be?""I want to see you again. Soon." he's serious."And I want to see you." I kiss him quickly.He pulls me close to him and wraps his arms around me. I put my hands on his chest. I close my eyes. I don't want this moment ever end. I don't want to let him go. I can't without him."Draco, can I tell you something?""Sure. What?"I pull myself back and I look in that beautiful eyes. I never said this to any boy before. Becuase I never felt this way for boy before."I love you." I say to him quietly. He looks at me shocked. He didn't think I'l say it. I didn't think I'll say it. That's why it's so beautiful. It's unexpected."You know...that words are really beatiful. Can you say it again?" he's still in shock. I smile to him. This is so sweet."...I love you, Draco Malfoy." I look at him with all love I feel for him. He kisses me strongly, passionately, and deep. My one arm is around his neck and another on his cheek. I love him. I love him so much. And while I stand here, safe in his arms, I know where I belong.So what do you think? I fyou like it please review.It means very much to me.
