Hope you enjoy this fanfic its only going to be short maybe 3 or 4 chapters. i thought of the idea while watching the movie. Dramione! Follow my fanpage on instagram thg_divergent_stars_fourever This chapter is set before the match and explains the build up of it. The whole story will be in Hermione's POV unless it says otherwise. Enjoy! :)Chapter 1(Hermione POV)It was half way through the summer and I had finished my third year at Hogwarts School of witch craft and wizardry. I had been sending and receiving owls all summer: mainly from harry and Ron but I received some from other people too. One person I was particularly happy to receive letters from was Draco Malfoy. I've had a crush on him since I first saw him at platform 9  on my first year. I know he's been a bully and to be honest a massive dick but I can see it in his eyes that that's not the real Draco that was something his father forced upon him. There's just something about Draco Malfoy that draws me in. I haven't told anyone about my Crush on Draco. Who would I tell anyway? Harry and Ron hate his guts and I have no other friends because like Ron said in first year who would want to be friends with me I'm a 'bloody nightmare' know-it-all.Draco and I have been messaging a lot over the summer. I still feel bad for punching him but we sorted that out before we left school for the summer. A smile creeps onto my face remembering the event.*flashback*We were in potions class. It was the only lesson I had where I sat anywhere near Draco. I happen to sit right next to him which I was really happy about. I sneak a quick glance at him. His eye is black but it's not swollen anymore. I look back at Snape and make sure he isn't watching and quickly grab some parchment and scribble down 'meets me at the owlery after dinner. Please I want to talk to you' I slide it in front of him and wait for a response. I wasn't disappointed as a few seconds later a small slip of paper slides its way in front of me reading 'fine Granger, but if you punch me again I will seriously consider hexing you' I gave him a small smile and fought back a laugh.I turned my attention back to professor Snape and awaited the time after dinner.*time lapse: after dinner*"I'm going to go to the library" I told Harry and Ron as we stood from the table."Okay we'll be back at the common room playing wizard chess. Seeya soon" Harry said and he and Ron rushed off up the ever-changing staircase. I caught Draco's eye and jerked my head slightly towards the exit of the Hall. I saw him stand up and talk to his friends before I left the Hall and headed towards the owlery. I got there and waited for Draco. I turned and looked out across the grounds and beyond. The wind blew my hair to right.I could see the lake reflecting the setting sun. The colours were beautiful a mix of oranges, yellows, reds, pinks and light purples it was an incredible sight. She smiled to herself.She had been so caught up in the spectacle that she hadn't seen Draco slip into the owlery and stand next to her. So naturally she jumped when she heard his voice right next to her saying "As nice as this view is, what was it that you wanted to talk about?"Hermione looked down "I err...umm wanted to apologise for punching you"She felt a hand gently touch her chin tilting her head up. She met Draco's sharp silver eyes with her chocolate brown ones. "It's my fault I was being a massive dick head and I'm sorry for saying the things I said. You could say I was showing off. You have a good punch by the way and how's your hand?" She looked down at her hand for the first time since the punch and noticed the dark bruises sprawled out across her hand. She saw his pale hand take her hand carefully and she watched him as he brought it close to his face. She watched his eyes as they scanned the bruises on her hand. She watched him as he brought her hand up to his lips. Her breath hitched slightly as his lips connected to her hand. "I'm sorry about your hand, it should be better in no time." He slowly started to walk back to the door leading out of the owlery. However, before he reached the door he turned back to her and said "about this view it may look pretty but not as pretty as you" and with that he walked out of the owlery leaving her blushing a deep red. She could still feel his lips on her hand and it felt wonderful.*Flash forward*Hermione opened her window to allow Draco's owl in. The owl flew in and landed on her bedside table like all the other times it had flown in through her window. Thank God she had remembered to close her door and leave crookshanks downstairs.One time when Draco's owl flew in, crookshanks was lying on her bed and had tried to capture the bird before Hermione managed to shoo the cat out of her room.She walked over to the owl and gently took the letter from him. She sat on her bed and stroked the owl. The letter was addressed to her in Draco's green loopy writing that she was now accustomed to. She turned to the back of the envelope and saw the wax seal stamped with the Malfoy crest- The same crest stamped on Draco's ring. She opened the envelope and unfolded the letter and read it to herself.To Hermione,Would you like to come to Bulgaria vs. Ireland quidditch match with me? We can meet in the leaky cauldron.I really miss you. I miss hearing your voice and I would really love like it if you came.Draco.She squeals in delight in delight before running down the stairs to where her parents where her parents were sat on the sofa watching TV. She ran in front of the sofa. "Can I please please please go to a quidditch match with a friend from school please?" She begged."Quidditch?" her father questioned."It's a wizard sport; it's a bit like football. My friend Harry plays for our school Gryffindor team. Please can I go?""I don't see why not. But which friend and how are you getting there?" her mother asked."I'm going with my friend Draco and we're meeting at the leaky cauldron." Hermione said bubbling with excitement."Okay then. You better go tell -Draco was it? - that you can attend.""Yay! Thank you so much!" she said excitement lacing her voice. She quickly ran back up to her room and grabbed some paper and a pen. She sat at her desk and wrote her reply.Dear Draco,I can come! But what about your father doesn't he hate mudbloods people like me?I miss you too. It's been so long, I missed your voice, I missed eating and being able to glance up and see your eyes. I missed passing by you in corridors. I miss you.Can't wait to see you. What team are we supporting? Love, Hermione.She crossed out the word 'mudbloods' remembering how much Draco hated the word. He hated himself after he called Hermione that. She forgave him, but he still hasn't forgiven himself.She placed the letter in an envelope and addressed it to Draco. She carefully attached it to Draco's eagle owl. She gave the owl a treat before she allowed it to hop onto her arm. She slowly and carefully walked to the still open window. Her hand stroked down the length of the owls head and back before the owl flew off into the dying night.Hope you liked it please review.
