A/N: This fic is slightly AU, for more info please read the much more detailed A/N at the end. Thanks and I hope you enjoy :)Chapter 1- Aurora Moore Lily Evans sat content reading her potions text book with a box of Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans beside her, occasionally she picked out the tasty looking ones, however remained cautious by only taking a nibble before chewing the bean properly. The Hogwarts express was well on its way to returning to the castle, the last term of school was yet to be endured before the students could finally enjoy a well-deserved summer holiday.Just as Lily was about to finish reading about the properties of Moonstone and it's usage in Potion making, she heard a flurry of movement. Looking to her compartment door, she was sure she spotted something or perhaps someone peer through it. A knock on the glass panel, announced the presence of a very small, flushed looking boy.Lily recognised him immediately, sliding the door open, Angus Hilton hurried in gratefully. He took a deep breath before slumping on the seat opposite Lily's who herself was hoisting his trunk quickly into the luggage rack."Are you alright- you look like you've seen a ghost," Lily asked in concern. Angus' breathing was quick and shallow and his eyes seemed to be high on alert as he glanced at the corridor every few seconds."Yeah just fine, no problem at all," Lily knew Angus well enough to know he was lying, the fact that his face had turned a lovely shade of geranium pink as he replied confirmed Lily's suspicions.Angus Hilton was currently a third year in Hufflepuff. He was scrawny, quiet and extremely shy. Lily had first met him when he was an even smaller first year, it was a busy day in the library and Lily took a seat next to him on the small table in the corner he occupied.Despite the age gap, Lily and Angus spent quite a lot of time together; on the way to class, outside on the school grounds and evenings drinking tea with Hagrid. It was an odd friendship but Lily liked Angus and listening to his insightful and often very intelligent conversations."I was running away from Graham and his friends," Angus gave in. Lily felt a mixture of pity and anger in her stomach."Again? I thought you said he stopped,""He had but during the holidays...well i'm worried about the path he's taking in life, what if he ends up a death eater? What with the friends he makes and his fascination what the dark arts...I tried talking to him about it but he got angry and now he's take it upon himself to bully me again" Angus said, dejection in his voice."It was very admirable for you to try but i'm not surprised really. Severus is going down the same way and your brother's not really any different, they'll realize they're wrong on their own- let's just hope it's not too late when they do," Lily said in what she hoped was a calm voice but inside, Lily felt just as lost as annoyed as Angus probably did.Even though Angus' family mainly consisted of Hufflepuffs, not everyone fit the pattern and Graham Hilton was one of them."You're right, you don't just hand in your resignation to Voldemort. It's a lifetime service or death," Angus said and it really surprised Lily how much wisdom the young boy held."You called him Voldemort,""And you should too, I figured -it's just a name, I mean how are we possibly going to beat the guy if people won't even say his name?" Lily only ever chose to call Voldemort 'You-Know-Who 'because that was how she was taught to do but realizing the truth in his words, Lily made an inwardly promise to herself to follow Angus' example."What will you do about the bullying Angus? You will tell someone won't you?" Lily asked in a mothering sort of voice."That won't stop them,""Stand up for yourself then, if you beat Graham then the rest will stop too," Angus' face had contorted into a look of anguish as he shook his head."I'm rubbish at DADA, it doesn't matter how book smart I am, I can't throw hexes or Jinxes to save my life. Besides, i'm not a Gryffindor like you," his gaze dropped to the floor and a look of self- deprecating painted his face."I'm not great either but you have to believe in yourself. That sounds stupid and cliche I know but listen you've got to really want to do something to be successful. You've got to want to do it as much as you want to breathe," Angus' face lifted slightly and Lily knew she was making a break through."Tell you what, I can help you. I'll tutor you in defense, we'll practice loads and you'll get better. Believe me Angus, you just have a lack of confidence, that's all," Lily said, a boost of determination coursing through her own veins as she thought about how she could transform Angus in to the best he could be.A few seconds silence passed between the two as Lily let Angus think her proposal through a bit."Don't be stupid Lily," Angus said at last but he grinned all the same and Lily let a giggle escape her."So you're in?""Well I suppose I can't get much worse,"The common room, the owlery, the great hall, the dungeons- it felt like Lily Evans had searched every single place in the castle she had access to. Aurora Moore, Lily's best friend had promised her she would wait by the entrance hall, there to greet her but it seemed she had forgotten.She had also forgotten to send her letters during the holidays and whenever Lily made a move to send one herself, the replies were short and sparse. Aurora Moore always sent letters, and they were always very long and very detailed so during much of holidays Lily worried and wondered about her friend.Unlike Lily, most sixth years had stayed at Hogwarts for the holidays so that they could revise for the impending end of year exams and perhaps Lily might have too but she had promised her parents who missed her very much that she would come home. Unlike last year, Lily didn't have major exams like the OWLs to study for so she didn't really have a rational excuse.Lily felt a tad bit confused as to why Aurora or Rory as she had nicknamed her hadn't shown up at the meeting point they had agreed upon. Lily knew her best friend inside out and one of Aurora's many perfections was that she was always as punctual as someone picking up their jackpot after having won the lottery. Perhaps Aurora had important business she was attending to or was reading a good book she was so utterly engrossed in she had completely forgotten about the on going world around her.But Rory never really was a recreational book reader.Feeling like she was being far too unproductive for her liking, Lily tried to forget about Rory's whereabouts and decided to trudge along to her old friend Hagrid whom she hadn't paid a visit for a few weeks. Knocking on the door which led to his overly cosy little hut, Lily could hear the sound of clanking pots and pans, heavy footsteps and Hagrid singing a song Lily was unfamiliar with- terribly might she add.Hagrid's presence always lifted her mood, particularly when she was feeling lonely or bored or slightly depressed. Hagrid was always there for Lily no matter what situation, he was like a constant in her life and although Lily liked changes from time to time, she enjoyed the warmhearted half giant's unrelenting presence.Hagrid finally opened the door and his face quickly adorned a smile. His long mane of shaggy black hair the same as always and his beard as bushy as ever, covering most of his face. His eyes glinted like black beetles as he greeted the red head in front of him."Hi Lily! Didn' expect yer to come visit,""I thought I might drop by but I really can't stay for long since dinner is in an hour or so," perhaps Rory would show up."I could cook yer somethin' to eat instead,""No no, that's quite alright, besides I want to catch up with everyone seeing as I've just come back from the holidays and everything," the truth was that Lily didn't really like the food Hagrid cooked. It seemed that he sometimes completely forgot that humans normal size couldn't swallow the huge rock cakes he enjoyed or chew the hard treacle tart he made frequently. Often Lily was forced to decline but she made sure it was in a respectful sort of way."Ah well then, I was jus abou' to go pick some asphodel root from the forest for Professor Slughorn. I know yer aren' allowed but..""Sure course I'll help, besides it's not like this is the first time," and Lily gave a little wink to serve as a reminder to all the other times Lily trekked deep into the forbidden forest with Hagrid."Righ' shouldn'ta asked in the first place eh?"Hagrid and Lily had to travel quite far into the forest before they caught eye of a small patch of long, slender leaves they were looking for. Lily started picking from one end while Hagrid took the other.The snap of a branch broke Lily out of her current affair. Looking around her to see what broke the natural sounds of the forest, she spotted something poking through the thick foliage opposite her. Keeping as quiet as she could, so not as to scare the creature ahead of her, she crept slowly towards it. It was only until Lily was a foot away from it did Lily realize that it was in fact a deer, a stag to be more precise.The only part of the body she could make out was the head, which was tentatively poking out of the bush. His hazels eyes stared at her, so deeply she felt as though she was under an xray. The stag completely entranced Lily, he wasn't like the other animals Lily found roaming the forest, she felt like he held more feeling and knowledge and understanding.Lily made to extend her hand forward, perhaps she could stroke his fur to show that she was friendly. It wasn't everyday you found a stag so majestic and strong in the forbidden forest. But before she could, the sound of a dog barking? had startled the stag, causing him to gallop away out of sight."Hagrid, did you just hear a dog barking?""A dog? Nah yer just imaginin' it- dogs don' wander round here," he said absentmindedly, as he continued picking roots.How odd. Lily was sure that was what she heard, after all she had always thought she had rather sharp hearing.Lily ended up being more than ten minutes late to dinner after getting a slight bit carried away in the forest (Not like that had been the first time). She had spotted a group of bowtruckles dangling mischievously from the branches of the tall trees. Their camouflaging stature effectively hiding them in normal circumstances but a beam of sunlight had bought attention to them. As curious as Lily was, she decided to skilfully climb the tree, placing her foot in the natural nooks and crevices of the bark in order to get a closer look.There was no doubt in proclaiming Lily as very proficient tree climber as she had gotten a great deal of practice from climbing the many trees of the back garden of her house and the many trees which surrounded the old park she loved and adored visiting as a child.Meanwhile Hagrid had discovered a thread of silver hair, at which he claimed was from a unicorn not yet fully developed. He then proceeded to search for the aforementioned creature; the excitement on his face tangible.The first thing Lily had spotted when she walked into the great hall (albeit absolutely exhausted) was her best friend, Aurora Moore. But instead of her honey coloured hair in a long plait behind her back, it was let out in pretty beach waves behind her back, her milky blue eyes were glazed over slightly instead of sparkling cheerfully and she seemed to be wearing a deeply melancholic face as compared to usual bright, optimistic look.However the biggest oddity of all was the fact that she was cozily cuddled up in the arms of perhaps one of the most popular boys in her year- James Potter.Lily stalked over to the spectacle as quick as her feet could carry her as her confusion caused a whiz of questions to buzz around her head. She haphazardly took a seat next to a haughty looking Sirius Black, opposite the (what appeared to be) a couple."Oi! Watch it," cried Black. Breathing heavily, Lily righted the fallen goblet of pumpkin juice and used her wand to clean up the spillage."Sorry," but Sirius Black simply ignored her."Hi Lily," said the quiet voice of Aurora, so quiet Lily almost never heard it.Narrowing her eyes, Lily wondered how much had changed in the space of just over two weeks. Aurora however looked to be cringing slightly as she awaited Lily's sure to come explosion of questions."Where the hell have you been? You were supposed to meet me at the entrance hall. I was looking for you for ages and what...what is this?!" Lily said all very quickly and then waved her hand about to emphasize her close interaction with Potter. Silence fell upon the table and Lily took the time to absorb her surroundings. Next to Potter who was having a silent discussion with Aurora, Remus Lupin was looking very uncomfortable. Peter Pettigrew who was sitting next to Lupin looked a little scared as he surveyed the scene with watery eyes while holding a spring roll in the other hand. On Rory's side sat Marlene McKinnon , her pretty blonde hair tied in a bun, an apologetic smile on her face.Marlene always had been the kindest girl she had ever met, by treating everyone with the utmost respect, it was no wonder everyone loved her- especially the younger years who often faced disrespect from their elder peers. And finally on Lily's other side sat Willow Harrington, Marlene's closest friend- an energetic quidditch fanatic who had smooth dark skin, warm brown eyes, nice plump lips and curly brown hair.To be honest, the whole situation overwhelmed Lily, she never had been the center of attention. Lily was quiet and elusive, the girl in the background. Not many people talked to her or knew her very well. It had been almost six years and Lily was sure she had never had more than a few conversations with Potter and his friends. She rarely sat with them during meal times of associated herself with them much. They were a source for drama and Lily didn't like drama- it just wasn't her forte.After the few seconds that passed, Black finally spoke up,"Give her a break Evans, after all her parents just died," and everyone winced collectively, Rory had her face in her hands while Black shrugged as if to say, 'someone had to get it out eventually'Shock flowed through Lily as she stared incredulously at her friend- that certainly wasn't what she was expecting."Oh Lily- I wanted to tell you but I didn't know how. I'm so sorry- everything's been so hard. They were...mur...murdered see... for being muggles, I didn't want to frighten you. And then I didn't meet you at the entrance hall because I was so lost about how to break the news," tears seemed to be on the verge of falling. Then Marlene Hugged her while Potter rubbed her back.Lily felt truly upset about what happened to Rory, she didn't deserve to go through such an ordeal. Lily found it difficult to imagine what the feeling must be like to have your loved ones ripped away from you like that and she dearly wished she could comfort Rory but like always- Lily didn't know how.The memory of her Grandmother's death splayed in her mind. Her father had cried for the first time. Petunia and her mother were cuddling him, while supplying words of comfort and wisdom and understanding but all Lily did was sit awkwardly in the corner trying to understand how death, such an experience everyone would have to eventually taste, never failed to bring upon such horrible impact.Lily stood up abruptly, not knowing what to say. She simply wanted to run away and think, to analyse, to comprehend the situation privately in a confined area that was her four poster bed- curtains pulled around. But Rory's expectant face made her squeak out,"I'll talk to you later," before she hurried out without having taken a bite of anything at all.She realized that she probably came out a little rude and the disgusted face Black pulled as she left confirmed so, Potter looked at her similarly while the others were either adorning raised eyebrows or looks of confusion.Black never did like her very much, and Potter seemed to be indifferent to her for the most part. Perhaps her old friendship with Severus Snape caused some animosity or because people were under the impression that she was just a stuck up swot who didn't talk much or didn't like to have fun.But Lily wasn't the clever girl with her nose in a book all the time, sure she excelled at Potions and Charms but compared to Potter and Black's natural intelligence- she was minute. Lily was sure she could be fiery, passionate, thrilling- even fun. But it seemed, apart from Rory, Angus and Hagrid, perhaps maybe Marlene, no one else really understood her.Soon Lily finally made her way to the portrait of the fat lady. But before she could utter the password, a tall brunette crawled out."Oh Hi Lily! How are you?" said Mary MacDonald, a seventh year Gryffindor."Fine thanks,""Well i'll see you later," and just as she started walking away, a thought sprung into her mind, beckoning a question that needed to be answered."Hey Mary! Wait up!""What is it?" Mary turned around."Aubrey and Potter, do you know whats up between them?" Lily said as she realized that Rory never actually answered her when she questioned about their relationship."Didn't she tell you? I thought she's your best friend?""She is but she probably just forgot," but Lily felt a twinge of hurt shoot through her. Why did everyone else know but her?"Oh, well they got together! They're such a cute couple. Potter helped her so much when...well you know...with her parents. It was so sweet. I can just imagine them lasting a while, well anyway I have to go rush to Flitwick and hand in this essay," and then she was off.As Lily walked up the steps to her dorm room, her sixth sense told her things were about to change drastically......now that Potter and his gang were in the mix.A/N: I hope you all enjoyed the first chapter of my first multi-chaptered fic- woop woop. Hopefully you're all interested and will continue reading. Like I said at the beginning, this fic is slightly AU because...- James doesn't fancy Lily yet/ hasn't asked her out in the past.- Lily and Snape's friendship ended differently so Snape's Worst Memory never happened.- Lily isn't as popular but please don't think she's shy, she's not, she's just more covert in presenting her true self....and that's about it. Anyway reviews would be greatly appreciated. What do you think? Any improvements? Things you liked? didn't like?Until next time,~ peachesandpapayas
