A/N:I know that I'm, ONCE AGAIN, writing a story about Bellatrix and Rodolphus Lestrange...I'm writing a lot about them (this is actually already my 4th story) but then again, there aren't a lot of active stories about them... There are in fact A LOT of unfinished stories, stories with GREAT storyline and no updates! I hate that!I don't know if y'all like this, but I thought of using my favourite of those great unfinished storylines to make a new story...DON'T get me wrong, this DON'T be a Rewrite of other people's stories! They deserve all the CREDIT, that's why I won't even mention the stories or writers...I just think that those ideas had/have great potential and I'm going to try to put them altogether! This is my take on the storyline ideas, I'm not stealing anything!GIVE IT A CHANCE!Let's start with Christmas... in August!xD111111111111111The normally green and silver Slytherin common room was now covered with red, white and glitters Christmas time... Christmas Eve was two weeks away... They usually dark and gloomy Slytherin students were now all jolly! Kissing under the mistletoes that were hanging everywhere, dancing and laughing... Sitting close by the fire and drinking a lot to keep of alcoholic beverages warm.That' was exactly what Rodolphus Lestrange and his friend were doing right now. They sat in front of the fire with a couple of bottles of Firewhiskey. They were all in high spirits with the alcohol running through their veins.''You guys! You know what we should do? We should play a game!'' Evan Rosier said.''Play a game, what kind of game?! What for?!'' it started turmoil between the group of friends.''Just for fun! One of us comes up with something that another one of us must do!'' Evan smirked.'' Come on, you guys!'' just playing a little game...''Sounds fun'' ''Hit me with your best shot...'' Rodolphus Lestrange took another swig of a bottle of Firewhiskey.''Really, Lestrange?'' Evan smiled.''Sure, come up with something! I'll take my chances...'' Rodolphus shrugged.''Okay...'' Evan looked around the room, trying to come up with an idea...''Kiss my cousin! You'll never be able to pull that off!'' Evan laughed at his own plan.''You want me to kiss your cousin?!''Rodolphus chuckled.''No... I'm saying that you won't be able to! It's a bet! If you haven't kissed my cousin by Christmas Eve, I win! Two weeks left...'' Rosier laughed.Rodolphus still didn't fully understand... How did Evan comeup with this so quickly?! This bet... If he was able to convince Evan's cousin to share a kiss with him somewhere in the next two weeks, he would win and if not... If not, then Evan would win the bet? The fact that his friend was drunk didn't make it any easier to understand it all... Besides, Evan had 3 cousins! Which one?! Andromeda Black, Bellatrix Black or Narcissa Black?!''Which cousin?'' Rodolphus asked.''Bellatrix!'' Evan smirked.''She's quite something... Fierce...'' one of them said.''Fierce?! She's insane!'' another one argued.''Let me get this straight... If I haven't kissed Bellatrix by Christmas Eve, you win the bet and I will have lost...'' Rodolphus looked at the others.''Yes! If I win, you'll get me a bottle of Firewhiskey!'' Evan almost sounded jolly.''What if I kiss her, what if I win?'' Rodolphus shot back.''I'll lose and I'll get you a bottle of firewhiskey'' Evan just simply replied.''Seems fair... Okay... Deal!'' Rodolphus shook his friend's hand.Rodolphus looked around, he scanned the room until his eyes found Bellatrix. He looked at her surroundings and smirked. This was going to be so easy...''Better start now then...'' he got up.''What are you doing , you still got two weeks!'' the guys laughed.Rodolphus ignored them and simply walked over to Bellatrix. She was working on something, Rodolphus took a chair and sat next to her.''What are you doing, Miss Black?'' he asked her.''What are you doing, Lestrange?!'' she sarcastically repeated his question back to him.''Asking what you are doing...'' he scooted closer to you.Bellatrix shivered. He got into her personal space, she hated when people got into her personal space! She tried to ignore him. She could feel his breath on her neck. What was he doing?! She angrily turned the page of her book, it caused a gush of wind that blew a curl of her hair in front of her face.Rodolphus slowly moved his hand and brushed away the curl. Then Bellatrix finally looked at him, very confused... Rodolphus smirked, his plan was working! He quickly changed his smirk into the most charming smile he could muster and he leaned in. Before she could do anything, he kissed her.Bellatrix was left in shock, she immediately stiffened. She had to admit that it wasn't really a bad feeling, but she did pull away. She ended their kiss and slapped Rodolphus right in the face.''What are you doing?!'' she yelled.''Relax, babe! It was just a little kiss, you can't ignore a mistletoe!'' he smirked and pointed upright.''Don't call me babe, you pig!'' Bellatrix hissed as she looked up to find the mistletoe above their heads.Rodolphus laughed and got up, smirking as he walked back to his friends. He had won! He had to admit it really hadn't been that bad to kiss her either... Win-Win situation!''You own me a bottle of Firewhiskey now!'' he smirked.''That's unfair! It was a mistletoe!'' ''That's too easy!'' ''Ohw- He's good at these games!'' they all stared at their friend Lestrange in shock.''Take it! I won, too bad for you Rosier!'' Rodolphus sat back down.''She did hit you in the face, though... My feisty cousin...'' Evan laughed.''True'' ''I won, so it was worth it...'' Rodolphus touched his cheek.''You had it all worked out, hadn't you? You saw the mistletoe before! That's too easy!'' Evan thought for a while...''Okay, I make you a new deal... For two bottles of Firewhiskey!'' Rosier handed his friend what was left of an open bottle of Firewhiskey.''Here, you can have this for that kiss... Your reward for now...'' Rodolphus took the bottle''A new deal... Okay, I'm listening...'' Rodolphus looked back.''You get those two bottles, if you... If you... If you can get her to be your girlfriend!'' Evan smirked again.''Before Christmas Eve?! In two weeks?! I can't make that happen in two weeks!'' Rodolphus found it unfair.''Before the end of the year, before the summer...'' ''She has to be your girlfriend by summer'' that sounded more reasonable...''You really want me to use your cousin like that, for two bottles of Firewhiskey?'' Rodolphus asked.''She'll get over it, she's tough'' ''Or insane... I just like to play games!'' Evan laughed.Rodolphus laughed with him and looked behind him. Bellatrix Black... One of the three beautiful Black daughters, dark and insane... Evan Rosier's cousin... His friend's cousin! He actually wanted to use his cousin for a game, for two bottles of firewhiskey! That was actually so mean! Weird...Rodolphus Lestrange had to make Bellatrix Black his girlfriend... That's what it! The only thing he would have to do to win... The only thing...This thing could be interesting!111111111111111Bit weird...I'll post chapter 2 right after, so you can maybe sort get into the story...Get my idea...
