Teddy LupinTeddy couldn't believe it was his time already. He had heard so many stories from his Uncle Harry about Hogwarts and he couldn't wait to start. Victoire had told him every Potter and Weasley gets sorted into Gryffindor. But Teddy wasn't a Weasley or a Potter, he was a Lupin. He knew of his father's legacy as one of the marauders, his Uncle harry had been sure to tell him many stories or their Parents adventures. He also knew his father was a proud Gryffindor and that made Teddy slightly nervous. What if he disappointed his father or his Uncle Harry by being in a different house? However whilst his Uncle Harry told him stories of Remus Lupin, Aunt Hermione would tell stories of Nymphadora Tonks. His mother being in Hufflepuff made Teddy feel much more secure about being placed in a different house, his mother still managed to be troublesome and brave whilst in Hufflepuff. Teddy could only hope that he made everyone proud."Theodore Lupin." Professor Longbottom announced.Teddy made his way up towards the stool where his fate would be sealed. He sat facing the many Hogwarts students which only made him more nervous and the hat was placed on his head."Ahhhh son of Remus Lupin I see." The hat began. "He was a highly intelligent child but ultimately his bravery deemed him fit for Gryffindor. You have inherited his bravery I see but you are much more like your mother, Tonks. She was a possible Gryffindor too. I know exactly where you belongHUFFLEPUFF!"Teddy smiled and made his way over to the cheering Hufflepuff table, part of him was disappointed that he wasn't Gryffindor material. But the other part of him was ecstatic at being placed in his mother's house. He took a seat next to a few other first year Hufflepuff's that would most likely become his closest friends."The name's Joseph Cain, but most people call me Joey." A boy with short dark hair said while extending his hand to Teddy. Teddy shook the boy's hand, happy that someone wanted to be friends with him."I'm Teddy Lupin." He replied back."We all know exactly who you are, godson of Harry Potter, thought for sure you were gonna be Gryffindor." Joey confessed.Teddy smiled at that remark, everybody assumed because of his uncle he was going to be a Gryffindor. Now he was extremely happy to be in Hufflepuff, carving his own path instead of following his uncle's."Nope. Don't get me wrong Gryffindor's a great house and the majority of my family were placed there, but I'd rather be in Hufflepuff. It's the house my mother was in." Teddy told him.The feast was even better than Teddy's family had described and even better that he could have imagined. He and Joey enjoyed many plates of food and once the feast was over Teddy could barely contain his excitement at seeing the Hufflepuff common rooms. The Hufflepuff prefect led Teddy and the rest of the first years towards the common rooms which were a fair trek away. Once they reached their destination the prefect turned to face them."You have been placed into the house of Helga Hufflepuff. The house of the loyal, honest and just, you should be very proud. In order to enter these common rooms you must tap the barrels in the correct order, please watch carefully."Teddy watched in amazement as the prefect tapped the barrels and the lid of the barrel swung towards them. He was then even more amazed when he saw inside. The room was clearly built for comfort which Teddy loved. To the left and right of the room were tunnels leading somewhere but he didn't get to do much looking before the prefect spoke once more."Girls dormitories are to the left and boys to the right, it is against the rules for the boys to enter the girls' dormitories and vice versa. First years are the first door in the tunnels."The prefect then walked away leaving the first years to find their way to their rooms. Behind the first door was a big room with six four poster beds against the walls. The boys' luggage had already been put next to their beds, all they had to do was unpack."How cool is this Teddy?" Joey asked him."Beyond cool, are you unpacking already?" Teddy asked him as he proceeded to his bed."Yeah, why? Aren't you?""Later I think, first I have a letter to write to a certain uncle of mine."
