Ginny Weasley is a Slytherin. The Sorting Hat saw something in her that nobody else had... evil. Hermione Granger is a Gryffindor. Unbelievably smart, beautiful and brave. Can she look past the problems and be with Ginny? Or will she just end up hurt?Chapter One"Ginny Weasley!" Palms sweating, heart racing, my eleven year old self slowly walked up the stairs to the stool where the Sorting Hat was waiting. I could feel the stares on my back and I swallowed nervously. Professor McGonagall was watching me, her face stern. My gaze rose to the table above where Albus Dumbledore was staring at me. There was something in his eyes that I couldn't read. He looked almost worried. I finally reached the stool, and, taking a deep breath, I sat down. The silence in the Great Hall was deafening and I suddenly had a fear of fainting. I felt the unexpected material of the Sorting Hat being placed upon my head and I immediately tensed up. What house am I going to be placed in? Hufflepuff? Surely not; that house is for losers. If I'm not put in Gryffindor I'll be putting my family to shame. "Hmm," the low voice of the hat in my ear startled me. "I haven't seen a mind like this since that Harry Potter. Very difficult. You're intelligent no doubt, lots of talent and yet, there's something else here. Something dark." Before I had a chance to say anything, the hat was screaming, "SLYTHERIN!" "Weasley!" Pansy Parkinson whispered harshly into my ear and I awoke with a start."Ms Weasley, I am so glad to know that my class is boring enough for you to fall asleep to." Snape's cold, emotionless voice resonated throughout the potion's classroom and some of the other Slytherin students snickered. I returned Professor Snape's glare and he frowned before turning back around and continuing with the lesson.My thoughts drifted back towards my horrific sorting experience 3 years ago; how shocked everyone was, how disappointed they were that their innocent, little girl was a Slytherin. My heart hardened at how easy it was for my Mother to cut me out of her life. The shame of a Weasley being a Slytherin was too much for her to take."Two parchments on Veritaserum due to me tomorrow! No exceptions." Snape's gaze hardened when he looked at me. I rolled my eyes and just grabbed my books, following my classmates out of the dungeons. It was chilly down here and I involuntarily shivered. Professor Snape was the teacher I loathed the most despite the fact that he was Head of the Slytherin House.I sighed as I watched a group of girls pass me on their way to their next lesson, laughing and talking. I wished I had at least one friend but of course I don't. Nobody wanted to be friends with a Weasley gone wrong. I felt the familiar pang in my chest as I realised once again that I had nobody to count on, nobody but myself.The sudden hardness of a person's shoulder against mine brought me out of my thoughts as I stumbled and almost fell. Immediately anger boiled up inside of me."Oi! Watch where you're going, idiot!" I yelled at the retreating back. The person turned around and I internally groaned. I should have recognised his blonde hair straight away."Watch what you say Weasley." His voice was menacing but I didn't back down. Next to Snape, Draco Malfoy was the most horrible person on the planet. My anger was reaching its peak and I was afraid of the thoughts that were passing through my head. I wanted to hurt him. Before I could say Quidditch, Malfoy's wand was in his hand. I reacted by pulling my own out and I didn't wait."Expelliarmus!" I shouted as red sparks flew out of my wand. I watched in amusement as Malfoy flew through the air and landed on his arse a few feet away. His wand had flown out of his hand and I picked it up. I walked towards him where he was moaning quietly, trying to rise to his feet. I pushed him back down and leaned over him."Next time, I will kill you." I whispered into his ear. I dropped his wand into his lap and walked away; ignoring all the stares and comments I was receiving. My hands were shaking; I was so angry. I wanted nothing more than to go back and finish Draco but I knew I couldn't. I was scared at my own thoughts and how angry I had gotten. I needed to learn some self-control.As I got further and further away from the incident, the better I felt. My hands were no longer shaking and I no longer felt the need to commit murder. I shook my head.Get a hold of yourself Ginny. Just because you're in Slytherin doesn't mean you have to act like one. But that's why the Sorting Hat put me in Slytherin isn't it? Because it saw something evil inside of me. To my surprise I felt hot tears spring to my eyes and I wiped them away angrily. I will not cry over something that is not true."What the bloody hell was that?" I suddenly heard my brother's angry voice say from behind me. I realised I was unconsciously heading towards my Transfiguration Class with Slytherin and Gryffindor. I had been put into an advance class which was why I was having classes with fifth graders when I was in fourth grade.I was on a staircase that was slowly moving and the pictures around me were whispering and watching the sudden drama. I turned around and saw the unmistakeable red hair and freckles that made us Weasley's. I hadn't spoken to Ron in what felt like months. I guess he was embarrassed that his only sister was a Slytherin.I wasn't surprised to see Harry Potter and Hermione Granger with him as well. The three were practically inseparable at Hogwarts.Looking at Harry it was clear that he wanted to be anywhere but here. His round framed glasses were dirty and I had the urge to run a comb through his messy black hair. Of course, his famous lightening scar was protruding from his forehead. It was a lot more noticeable in the bright candlelit staircase. Hermione, however, was staring at me. I defiantly gazed back at her, expecting to see the judgement and disappointment I saw in everyone's eyes, but I only saw curiosity and, strangely, sadness. Her hair wasn't as bushy as it usually was and as I watched her, I felt a pang of regret. Once upon a time, Hermione and I were friends. I reluctantly turned back to Ron who was standing there, looking impatient."I have to get to class." I said calmly and turned back around, walking the rest of the way up the staircase."No, you are not walking away without telling me what just happened." I was worried when anger started boiling inside me again. How dare he pretend he cares when he hasn't been there for me when I needed him? I spun around and glared angrily at him. My cheeks were on fire but I tried to tell myself that he wasn't worth it."How dare you!" I hissed. "How dare you act like you care? Just leave me alone Ron! I don't want to see you. I don't want to talk to you, so just go away!" Tears of frustration were pouring down my cheeks and I mistakably looked at Hermione. She looked like she wanted to comfort me.I'm sorry, she mouthed. This didn't help at all as the tears came faster. She's sorry? She tells me this now, after three years? Well it's far too late for that. They can rot in hell for all I care.I turned around and ran the rest of the way to class. I didn't want to be late but I also couldn't stand hearing the comments the moving pictures were making. I stopped outside the door and wiped my eyes before walking in. Thankfully class hadn't started yet and I took a seat next to Millicent Bulstrode who I personally couldn't stand."I was saving that seat for someone else." Millicent's annoying voice pierced my ears and I glared at her chubby face."Does it look like I care?" I growled. She looked taken aback, but it isn't in a Slytherin's nature to back down so she glared evenly at me."I don't want to get any germs, I mean, you are wearing Hand-Me-Down robes right? You could have nits or something." she laughed harshly and I had to bite my tongue to keep from retaliating. I wander what her face would look like with my fist in it?The door opened and a breeze drafted in, but I didn't turn to look. I knew it was the famous trio and I had no intentions of giving Ron the satisfaction of seeing my red eyes.To everyone's complete and utter surprise, Hermione sat down in the desk beside me. It wasn't connected to mine, but it was still too close for my liking. It was silent in the room for a moment as everyone stared at the Gryffindor who had crossed the Slytherin line."What are you doing?" I frowned at her. "You know you shouldn't be sitting there." Before Hermione could respond, Millicent made a disgusting sound in her throat."Ew! A mudblood is sitting with the Slytherins!" she shrieked. Every one of the Slytherins laughed and held their noses as if something smelt. Hermione's face was getting red but she didn't back down. However, I now felt so angry I could barely see straight. It's one thing calling someone a mudblood but it's another to call Hermione one.Nobody saw it coming. My fist was like a blur as it connected with Millicent's nose. I felt the bone crack and there was suddenly blood all over her face and my hand. I heard Hermione gasp loudly and I was shaking so much I thought I was going to have a seizure. It was silent in the classroom for a moment before Professor McGonagall barged in. She took one look at the situation and immediately blamed me, like usual."Ms Weasley! 50 points from Slytherin! You will also have detention with me for the next two weeks, do you hear me?" The old witch's face was furious and I didn't even bother trying to explain myself. "Pansy, could you please take Ms Bulstrode to the Hospital Wing?" Pansy got up and took a whimpering Millicent out of the classroom. I sat down, feeling drained. I was once again surprised at my actions.Why had I done that? Why had I done that for Hermione?Professor McGonagall walked to the front of the still stunned classroom and began her lecture on transfiguring cups into animals as if nothing had happened."Ginny." I ignored her."Ginny." I gritted my teeth and still kept my eyes forward."Ginny, stop ignoring me for Gods sake," I turned my head and glared at Hermione."What do you want?" I hissed lowly. I caught movement to my right and saw that both Harry and Ron were staring at me in shock. I rolled my eyes and looked at Hermione again."You shouldn't have done that." Oh here we go, now she's going to give me a lecture about how violence is wrong."Why are you even talking to me?" My voice was bitter but I didn't try to hide it. "It's been 3 years Hermione. 3 damn years! Where have you been when I needed you? You were supposed to be my friend!" Her brown eyes were sad and for once I didn't think she had anything to say. I shook my head. "Yeah, that's what I thought. Your books can't help you now Hermione."I turned back toward Professor McGonagall and Hermione Granger didn't bother me for the rest of the lesson.
