It was a warm and sunny day in London at the Wool's Orphanage. Idosa Lyra Lestrange was drawing in her room, forgetting about the lovely weather. She was drawing herself, surrounded by family. She did not have any family, at least not that she knew. Every face on the drawing was taken from her own fantasy. They all looked kind and caring.Idosa had always been a different child. She liked sitting in her room drawing, trying to forget about the world she was living in. Trying to forget how she had been picked on since she was little. How she had been through more than most people her age had. She used to be vulnerable, crying for the least thing. She used to be sad. But after all this time, she had built walls around her self. She was reserved and hard, never showing emotion and barely speaking to anyone. It was a way of defence."Idosa?" Mrs Wool said as she knocked on her door. Idosa didn`t respond as she was too busy drawing. The door opened and Mrs Wool stepped in. Idosa looked up, surprised to see that Mrs Wool had a man behind her. He was tall, skinny and wore a red knitted jumper with a white shirt and jeans. He had big green eyes, large ears and short brown hair."Idosa, This is professor Longbottom." Idosa looked at him and didn't say a word. "He wants to speak with you," Mrs Wool said too her. "I will be right down the hall." She turned her heel and walked out. Professor Longbottom smiled and slowly walked toward her. He acted as if Idosa was an animal that could attack at any time. After a while of silence, he sat down on her bed. Idosa looked at him without emotion. "I want to give you this," he said as he took out a letter from his pockets and gave it to her. It said:"I.L. LestrangeRoom 27 at the Wool`s Orphanage, 389 Green Street.""What is this?" Idosa asked, looking at Mr. Longbottom. "Open up, and you will see." He said and smiled. Idosa gave him a suspicious look, but opened it."HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRYHeadmaster: Neville LongbottomDear miss LeStrange,We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of witchcraft and wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.Yours sincerely,Susan BonesDeputy Headmistress."* Nox's P.O.V *Nox layed on the top of Xenophilius bookshelf. She was thinking about the story her dad had told her the night before. The story about how he and her mom ended up together.It had been nighttime and Nox mom, Luna Lovegood had just been in a big fight with her husband. She sat outside a shop in Diagon Alley when Neville Longbottom walked past her. Neville stopped and sat down beside Luna. "What are you sitting here for?" Neville asked, he had just separated from his wife some weeks ago. She did not say anything, just packed her bags and left. Lunas husband did not agree on the way Luna lived and had become angry and kicked her out of the house. Luna and Neville had talked the whole night and they started to meet more often. After a while they started to date.Nox's hair reached her to the middle of her back. It was blonde and a bit straighter then Luna's. She has blue eyes and big ears like her dad. Nox's full name was Nox Aurora Longbottom. Nox was wearing her favorite shirt with Batman on it, (her favorite muggle super hero.) She also wore a black skirt and black knee-high socks.Nox had recieved her Hogwarts letter the day before . The only thing she had been thinking about until now was that she was not a Gryffindor. And the only thing her dad said when she got her letter was how great she would make it in Gryffindor. Gryffindor was so boring. She picked up her letter and red it once again."HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRYHeadmaster: Neville LongbottomDear miss Longbottom.We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of witchcraft and wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.Yours sincerely,Susan Bones"Nox smiled. She would go to school with her best friend Emma Weasley, and only looked forward to start.* Emma's P.O.V *"What if it does not come?" The question had been stuck in her mind for the last couple years, but saying it made it feel a lot more real. She had been worried sick. It would be weird if she did not. Both of her siblings already went to Hogwarts. There was no way she would not be accepted. "What if I do not receive any letter from Hogwarts?" Hermione Granger put her hands on her daughter's shoulders. "Emma Weasley," she said, calmly and loving. "Your sister and your brother received it. Of course you will get it." Emma knew her mother was smart and was happy she had thought the same though. Hermione kissed Emma on her forehead. She was a great mother, and Emma simply could not love her any more. "Go and get your father, so that we can have dinner. And ask Harry to join us as well," she said. Emma nodded and went outside. They lived in a cosy little house in London, with a big back yard and a beautiful view. The sky was light blue with no clouds in sight and few people had ever seen grass this green. Hermione had been growing plants around the garden, using magic, of course.Emma had to hold her hand above her glasses to block the bright sunlight. Her glasses were big, covering big parts of her face. Her hair kept falling down in front of her eyes. It was long and messy. She had a mixture of her parent's hair colours, best described as strawberry-blonde. She had a thin nose and big eyes that were amplified by the glasses. Her skin was pale and her face was full of freckles. Her nose was not small and not big, something in between. She currently wore her favourite summer dress. It was white with orange flowers. She ran bare feet through the grass until she could spot her father. "Dad," she shouted. Ron immediately landed. He held his broomstick in one hand. Harry landed next to him. "Mom wanted to tell you that it is time for dinner." Ron nodded. "Thank you, honey." Emma smiled and then looked at Harry. "Mom said you could come too." Harry smiled. "Of course." He threw his broomstick from one hand to the other. "Do you want to try?" Ron was going to protest, but Emma was faster. "The broomstick?" she said. Harry nodded. "Really?" He nodded again and threw it to Emma, who almost missed it. He laughed kindly. Ron stared at the ground. He knew that Hermione would be furious if she found out. "Just sit on it and lift the end slowly upwards. When you have gotten above the ground, lower it the get back. Emma sat down and took a deep breath. She raised a few feet above the ground without any trouble, but had more trouble getting back down. When she tried lowering the front, it just went back up. She was too high.Emma had heard the story about Neville Longbottom's first time flying many times. Neville once mentioned it himself. He and his wife, Luna Lovegood Longbottom, had visited them many times. They used to bring their daughter, Nox Aurora Longbottom, and their twins, Lorcan and Lysander. Emma and Nox were the same age and had become tight friends. Suddenly, the broomstick raced toward the ground on full speed. The adrenalin kicked in. How could Emma possibly "Straighten it!" she heard Harry saying. She tried her best, and avoided falling too far. Ron was helping her up when Hermione showed up. "Ronald," she hissed. Ron pointed to Harry, who sighed at Hermione. "Give the guy some slack, it was my broom."Rose and Hugo were already sitting at the kitchen table when the rest came inside. Emma sat down next to Hugo, who had already started eating. She put some food on her plate. "When did the twins receive her letters? Because Emma still does not have hers." Hermione asked casually. The twins were names Minerva and Lily Potter. They had two older brothers named Albus and James and they were all going to Hogwarts. "They got the letters by the last week of summer. Everybody who received their letter last year got them very late." He answered. Emma sighted in relief. She would get it. She had proof. And just then, an owl flew in through the open window. Emma jumped out of her chair as she saw it. This was it, her Hogwarts letter. She carefully removed it from the owl's leg, and it sat down on the table. Emma ripped it open in excitement."HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRYHeadmaster: Neville LongbottomDear miss Weasley,We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of witchcraft and wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Susan BonesDeputy Headmistress""Mom! Dad!" Emma smiled. She was going to Hogwarts. The time had finally arrived. She had never been this happy.
