Summary Albus Potter did not ask to be plagued with dark and disturbing nightmares. He didn't ask to be famous, to be admired, to be targeted. In a world caught in a downward spiral, Albus and his family find themselves caught in the middle of a deadly struggle against demonic forces from inside and out. And Albus thinks his dreams may have something to do with it.Author's Note I am not the famous and amazing Joanne Rowling, so none of the magical world she created belongs to me. I'm not nearly brilliant enough to have come up with such an incredible universe. You may also notice some similarities to the universe of The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare, in things such as runic magic, demons, portal magic, etc. These ideas are hers alone, Although I have tweaked with them a bit to fit the story more aptly. So, in conclusion, the only things I can lay claim to in this story are several OCs and a few other ideas of my own that you're sure to find.Also- this story is rated T for a reason. There will be violence, dark themes, language, and innuendo (the main characters are teenagers, after all). There will also be homosexuality in this story- don't like it, then don't read. If any of the above themes bothers you, then don't read my fanfic. It's as simple as that.Updates will most likely be infrequent and/or random, and I'm really sorry about that. I've got a busy life at the moment, plus this fic isn't complete planned out right now (although I do have a pretty solid outline for the plot). Infernal is the first of three books, all roughly planned out at the moment. So please, have some patience.I believe that's it, so... let's begin, shall we?PrologueOctober 19, 2010The cobblestone streets were slick with rain an the air was thick and humid as a cloaked figure swept through the narrow alleyway. With his dark hood up, shadowing his scarred face, and his hands thrust deep into his cloak's pockets, he looked perfectly normal to the odd and shady people milling about around him. Still, that didn't stop some from raising their heads and narrowing their yellow eyes in suspicion. The man noticed, and with his heart beating fast, he strode on with as much confidence as he could muster.He passed a gaggle of stooped old women, their heads thrown back in wild, raucous laughter, and nearly ran into a dark man with eyes like a cat, gleaming and thin-pupiled. He swallowed nervously, for he felt those gleaming feline eyes following him as he pushed on.They know, he thought, panic sending his mind reeling. He could hear his heartbeat echoing in his ears, mixing with the strange growls and mutters of the people... creatures... around him.They know I'm not like them.He drew his cloak tighter around him as the rain began to fall harder, thrumming against the stone path.The man finally halted in front of a small, shabby building. The crooked sign hanging from the gutter read The Ghastly Barmaid. The man took a deep, shuddering breath. His hand shook as it clasped the knob and twisted, slowly.The door swung open, and light poured into the dirty pub. There were a few scratchy howls of indignation from a few fellows seated in the far back at the bar, shielding their faces from the light with pale, bony hands. The man slowly stepped inside, the door closing behind him with a loud thud that caused him to visibly wince. A man with pale, greenish skin seated at a nearby table hissed, his pale lips curling amusedly and his forked tongue flicking out of his mouth.The man stared determinedly at the floor, sweeping past the odd assembly of man and beast without sparing any a sideways glance. He could hear them, though, and smell them too, he thought with distaste. The air smelt strongly of wet hair, alcohol, and other strange things, like brimstone and smoke. Howls and screeches echoed painfully within the small room, and chairs scraped loudly on the floor as the bar visitors milled around.The man paused, his eyes darting nervously around. They frantically searched for a small, scraggly man, but he seemed to be lost within the crowd."Can I 'elp you, Sir?" A voice to his side lilted, and the man had to muffle his cry of alarm as he jumped to the side. The voice giggled, and a small, pretty creature stepped into his vision, peering at him with luminous magenta eyes."Do you want somethin' to drink, Sir?" She asked again, and the man noticed faintly that her teeth were alarmingly white, while her hair was long and inky.He merely shook his head, fearing his tremulous voice would reveal how terrified he really was to be in the infernal pub, surrounded by things that weren't quite human. The girl- or whatever it was- flashed him one last blinding, flirtatious smile, before she floated off to a table to refill a heavily tattooed man's mug with beer and marvel at the way the ink dragon wound its way around the man's arm.The man glanced around the pub again, but this time, he spotted exactly whom he was looking for- a soft breath of relief escaped his cracked lips as he brushed past another fey waitress, this one with pale orange skin and gleaming silver teeth that flashed when she smiled. The man carefully manuevered around the crowded round tables."Oi, Fletcher!" The man hissed, reaching out to clutch the thin shoulder of the old man he had been searching for.Fletcher choked on his drink- whiskey, most likely- and whipped around with incredible speed for a man his age. He glared up at the man with bloodshot eyes and scowled as he took another swig from his glass."Blimey Mallory, what d'ya think you're doin', scarin' the livin' 'ell outta me!" Fletcher wheezed. Fletcher was obviously intoxicated, and if his loud, slurred speech wasn't a big enough hint, his rank breath sure was. Mallory tensed beneath his cloak as several pairs of eyes drifted over towards them."Shut up and take us somewhere private." Mallory hissed through gritted teeth, roughly grabbing Fletcher by the arm, ignoring his cry of indignation. Fletcher swore beneath his breath and began to drag Mallory through the pub, shooting him venomous looks and tripping on his own feet as they went.Suddenly, Fletcher yanked Mallory towards a rusty door and pulled him into the dark room behind it. Once Mallory's eyes had adjusted, he noticed with a mixture of surprise and disgust that Fletcher had dragged him into the pub's loo."Really, Fletcher? You had to meet me in this hellhole? And in the bloody loo?" He asked in exasperation. The older man rolled his eyes and leaned against the filthy sink closest to him, shoving straggly strands of his silver hair out of his face."Anybody in 'ere is either too wasted or too sick to notice or care what we're doin'. We could sha-""I get it." Mallory quickly cut in, wrinkling his nose in disgust. He then flipped back the hood of his cloak and smirked at Fletcher's surprised gasp.Like the elderly man before him, Mallory's eyes appeared hazy and bloodshot, though that had nothing to do with alcohol, and his eyes gleamed with an odd green hue instead of being watery and reddish. His pale skin was covered in scars, some thin and faded to white, others long and hideous. When he grinned, his rotted black and yellow teeth caused Fletcher to grimace."Do me a favor an' put your hood up." Fletcher grunted, though he avoided meeting Mallory's eyes as he rummaged through the pockets of his tattered cloak. Mallory smirked again but obliged, tugging his hood back over his bald head."You pay a price for glorious power." He stated simply, to which Fletcher snorted."Yeah? 'Ow's that glorious power goin' for you so far? And here's your damned blood." He added, shoving two glass vials into Mallory's hands. Mallory scowled and raised the vials up to his face, examining them in the dim lighting and ignoring Fletcher's previous comment."You're absolutely positive that this is the blood of a wizard?" Mallory asked, his tone suddenly very serious.Fletcher rolled his eyes again."'Course it is, it's my blood." He snapped, looking away when Mallory turned to give him an appraising look."Many thanks, Mundungus Fletcher- the Cult will not soon forget your sacrifice-""Yeah, sure, I get it. Run along now, muggle, before I change my mind an' alert the officials about you bein' 'ere."Mallory clenched his jaw but said nothing. His cloak billowed out around his feet as he spun around and strode out of the loo, the door swinging after him. Fletcher watched him leave and then stared at the swinging door for quite some time, only snapping out of his reverie as a great crashing, shattering noise came from somewhere out in the pub. He wearily drew a hand across his wrinkled face, exhaling shakily. As usual, he tried his best not to think about what he had just done, but instead about what he had to do next. Which was get completely wasted and then return to his rental room at the Leaky Cauldron for the remainder of the night.Meanwhile, Mallory had, to his great relief, exited The Ghastly Barmaid with little hassle, and was now speeding down the twisting alleyway at a brisk walk. He felt as if a huge weight had been lifted off his shoulders, replaced now by the light, reassuring bump of the vials against his thigh as he went along his way. The alley was much less crowded now- nearly empty, save for a few tattered looking wizards who were playing a game that reminded Mallory of chess. They glared at him when they noticed his passing look, but this time, Mallory did not shrink back in fear. He felt too elated to do so.Mallory's scarred face was twisted up in a grin as he turned the corner and disappeared from the sight of Knockturn Alley's residents.Wow, this is shorter than I thought it was ... oh well. Feel free to comment, like, review, follow- I appreciate advice, but be constructive, yeah? :)
