AN: I'm finally back. This is the type of stuff that I post on my DA account- mpreg, slash...nothing TOO graphic, anyways...Anywho, I've been reading Harry Potter...and I fell in love with Remus first sight. So I decided to write this...I suppose it's a love/hate relationship now, huh?Summary: One night can change everything in Remus Lupin's life. After being held hostage by Fenrir Greyback for eight days, seven hours, twenty-nine minutes, and fourty-six seconds, his life is flipped upside down. What happens when he's supposed to become a father? MPREG WARNING. Disclaimer: I do not own any characters except for(so far!) Carlos Lupin, John Lupin/Mr. Lupin, Selena Lupin/Mrs. Lupin...that's all I can think of for now...Oh! Right! And that Healer. :3The hum of the burning flourescent lights and the albugineous colored hospital room in St. Mungos Hospital made his head throb, skin itch with irritation, and eyes burn. He'd always hated hospitals, especially after he'd gotten bitten. Especially after Fenrir Greyback had decided to pay him another visit just eight days ago...Exactly eight days, seven hours, twenty nine minutes, and forty-six seconds; also the exact amount of time that he was stuck in that place. Especially since now he'd been abused in a sexual sort of way by the man he'd hated the most-and that was saying something- considering that Padfoot and Prongs said that he could never hate anybody; somewhere along the lines he was too sweet and he was THEIR Moony. Wormtail always agreed.It was rather late; Remus John Lupin could see the pale crescent moon hovering over the atrous sky. His usually bright melichrous eyes were dulled with pain and sorrow, along with large flecks of fear. He seemed constantly wary, eyes darting around the room as if somebody was going to attack him. He tugged the- yet again albugineous colored- covers into a cocoon around him, as if it would protect him further.A kind looking Healer wandered in, along with a professional looking man and his parents. Remus stared dully at them, tugging the cocoon of blankets around him further. Strands of aurulent hair fell into his eyes as he brushed a couple of tears away from his eyes."Good evening, Mr. Lupin." The man murmured gently, taking a chair and dragging it from the corner of the room. Remus whimpered from the sound of the loud scraping that the rickety old chair made on the tile flooring. It reminded him of the long fingernails that Fenrir Greyback had dragged down a chalkboard to get his attention so that he could do the sexual activities with him on potion that would make him do that for the man-No. He couldn't think back to then. No, Remus, keep your mind off the damn bastard.The man was staring at him with a concerned expression as Remus watched him cautiously, "I know about your lycanthropy and about you going to Hogwarts." Upon Remus' startled expression, the man added, "I do not work for the Ministry, in any sort of way, except for being an auror...I just want to ask some questions. My wife normally does this stuff, but she's looking after our son. He has an injured friend and is rather upset..."Remus gave a nod, then after a few moments, whispered in a tiny voice that was even un-Remusy for him when he was shy, he could be very quiet then, but now he was almost as silent as a sleeping child. He honestly seemed like one, with his melichrous eyes looking innocently at him with an aurulent fringe hanging over his eyes. "Why are you asking these questions?""We want to make sure you'll be alright after the incident whatever you want to call it. The incident is already in the Daily Prophet-," Remus let out a tiny sigh, face blanching slightly. Couldn't they just mind their own business? "-and we don't want you to be picked on by other students."Remus gave a nod. He sighed, his melichrous eyes focusing on his mother and father. They gave him encouraging nods. Remus gave a nod to the man, who smiled in a friendly, familiar sort of way, reminding him of..."Alright then. I may as well say that my name is Charlus Potter. You may as well tell me your first name, Mr. Lupin." Charlus Potter began, and not unkindly either, offering a larger grin....Prongs...or otherwise known as James Potter...Remus sat there in dumbfounded disbelief -what a coincidence!- as he murmured softly, "Lupin- Wait, I-I mean, yo-you already know that part...um...right...I'm Remus Lupin..."Charlus blinked a little, chuckling softly at his small error, "You're the boy that James was upset about. Well, I suppose I can help him calm down about his friend... Remus, have you been having hallucinations, nightmares, or anything of this sort?"Remus sat up, melichrous eyes focusing on Charlus, whispering softly, "Hallucinations, no. Nightmares, yes...Sometimes little things, like you dragging that chair, brings up flashbacks...And I'm so scared being around other people that I don't know well, just twitchy...a-a-and..." He broke off, letting out a sob of pure anguish as he clapped a hand over his mouth, face almost surpassing the albugineous tone of the hospital room as he blanched, tears streaming down his cheeks.Serena Lupin, Remus' mother, squeezed her eyes shut as she began to softly cry. Remus' father, John Lupin, pulled her tightly to his chest while rocking her. Her bright melichrous eyes were dull as her bright tawny hair brushed against her husband's shoulders. His smaragdine eyes stared at his youngest son. Remus did have an older brother whom was named Carlos Lupin, and the ripe age of twenty-seven. However, the man had to go to an interview somewhere. Some sort of teaching post, apparently... The young man would come around later; he loved his younger brother, but he had to get his life started. Carlos had known that Remus could forgive him easily. The two had a large brotherly bond and big hearts, and John knew that Remus looked up to the young man."Remus...Do you feel safe with your parents and I?" Charlus asked softly, his slate eyes meeting Remus' melichrous eyes. They were dull and filled with anguish and so much worry and flecks of fear. It wasn't normal for a teenager to look so frightened. Actually, not just a teenager, but for anybody to look so afraid. The boy looked absolutely petrified, and Charlus knew that James would be rather anguished to see somebody he considered a brother looking so dull and frightened. Charlus also had to admit that Remus looked out of place in the bright, chipper hospital."Safer than if I'm alone, yes...I-I think I need to go to Hogwarts to feel fully safe...So many people around that I know will protect me...like James and Sirius...a-and Pete...nobody can hurt me- or it would be really hard to..." Remus dipped his head in embarassment, his cheeks flushing bright ruby. Charlus hesitated, staring at the frightened boy, before asking the next question;"Do you think he'll come back for you?""I-I-I...don't know...H-He co-could, o-or he could l-leave me alone..." Remus trailed off, tilting his head to the side in a curious sort of way. Aurulent bangs brushed infront of shadowed eyes, contrasting greatly in color. Charlus' brows furrowed at the answer and he whispered lowly to the boy, voice cracked and dry with concern, "James will look out for you, as well as Sirius and Peter. They're rather loyal, no?" Remus shot him a weak smile at this and just nodded pathetically.The Healer cleared her throat and spoke up next, voice sounding clipped and professional; along with a hint of sweetness, reminding Remus of Madame Poppy Pomfrey, as she tapped her pen on her clipboard. "Mr. Remus John Lupin will be let out of St. Mungos Hospital, Ward of Abuse and Torture(1), in a week's time. Remus John Lupin will be going to Hogwarts in four weeks time and will have a check-up with Madame Poppy Pomfrey after the feast on the very first day. Are there any questions?"Remus shook his head silently, eyelids drooping with exhaustion, a soft sigh escaping him as he sunk into the comfortable mattress and fell asleep. Charlus stood up, and with a soft goodbye and get well, he was gone. John Lupin watched his son, sighing softly. He slumped over in defeat, whispering quietly, "What was I thinking when I insulted that man twice?"The Healer just sighed and shook her head. She paused, before turning her attention fully to the parents, "Now, there's something I want to tell you...Since Fenrir gave Remus that potion to make him willing to do...those...sexual activities with him, there will be side effects...""Like...?" John asked worriedly, his gaze darting towards his peaceful looking son. The only time he was peaceful now was, apparently, in his sleep. The Healer's brows furrowed, "There's a rare side effect of pregnancy. Even if he's male. A decrease in his immune system, tiredness, slight mood swings are normal symptoms."Serena buried her face into her hands, letting out an anguished whimper, while John Lupin moaned in despair and sunk deeper into his chair.Next Chapter summary- The boys meet on the Hogwarts Express and the beginning of the sixth year begins! Familiar faces are met, and the new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher stuns Remus to the core.(2)Next Chapter preview- The newest Defence Against Dark Arts teacher made Remus jump with surprise, melichrous eyes widening in surprise and glee. Sirius and Peter looked at him oddly, James smirking a little as he realized who this man was to Remus, while the man grinned knowingly at them.(1) I don't know the wards of St. Mungo's, so I made that up. :3(2) I will tell you right now that it's NOT Greyback. Kay? Kay. Re-read the entire story again and then take a guess.
