Hi there! Xxx how are you? I hope you're all doing all right! :) First of all, I wanted to apologize for taking 'Smooth Men' off here. But I just felt like it wouldn't take me to be writing a Dramione, rather much more a Drarry, and Well, let's just say I do NOT ship them. I mean, yeah, I could like them as friends, but them being gay Simply No.  And even though I got reviews telling me it was incredibly hilarious, I just felt like taking it off, before someone asked me whether I was going to write it to the end or not.  So, yeah. I apologize for that. Sorry! So, yeah, here I am with another story! Yay :D haha! A Dramione, of course :D haha Uh Yeah, a bit about this story: This is most probably going to be an erotic one, aaaannnnd Yes, there is going to be LOADS of drama, angst, suspense, maybe some romance and possibly many sex scenes. Some rougher than the others.  But I'll give you an easy start, don't worry about that. ;) Please note that I'm German and that English is my second language, so there might be some minor mistakes. Sorry about that! xThis story will be rated M just to be sure! Sexual matters and some swearing. If this is NOT your cup of tea, simply do not read this. All right, you've been warned! I'm not responsible of what might happen to you now while reading. Enjoy your reading! Peccata CommisitPrologue~~~~~~~~~~~Grey. His eyes were grey, like the grey clouds in the sky. His eyes were grey, like melted mercury. His eyes were grey, like abhorrent silver. It was a dark day; it had been a dark week. It had been dark months, the darkest months of his entire life.  The sun did not shine, and if it did, he had not been aware. Inside his soul, rain seemed to be the only existing thing: Whenever he looked through the window, he would see the raindrops reflected in his greyish irises.  Grey. Everything was grey.Everyday, he would go towards his piano and play the first twenty-one notes of his favorite nocturne by Frdric Chopin: Opus nine, number one. B-flat minor. A dramatic, tragic combination of clear sounds a broken; yet superb melody reminding him everything was lost. His pride. His dignity. His name. His everything.A long, very tired sigh escaped his ajar, pale lips.  Yes. He was tired. No, not only tired, he felt eminently exhausted. He felt so exhausted he couldn't find himself able to sleep at night. He felt so worn out; he couldn't even bring himself to eat properly. He was so done in; he couldn't do anything else, but to stare through the window, waiting for something to happen.  Waiting for a miracle that would bring him back to life. He waited for his miracle. He waited for her.He closed his eyes, only to attempt to drowse off.  In vain. He had been a coward, and his conscience wouldn't let that go. Even in his dreams, he would not forget about his cowardice, his craven actions would always pursue him: His subconscious enlivened the scene, as he had come over to the Bright Side, even if it had been for mere minutes.  Mere hours, perhaps  And still. Still he had obeyed as the Dark Lord had called his name: Draco.  He had dared hug him in front of everyone. And then he had run away with his family, like the coward he was. He had left everything behind.That horrendous nightmare would hunt him until the miserable rest of his life. It would leave him restless, he was absolutely certain about that, for he was utterly ashamed: He had never looked back. Not even once.But maybe he should have, for running away hadn't been the solution to his problems. It had actually made things just worse than they already were: The Aurors had caught his father and had brought him to Azkaban; where the Dementors had given him their kiss. They had left him alive, yes. Barely, though: His real person, his actual personality, was as good as dead.  Because of that, his mother had been so incredibly depressed, she had decided to leave England and flee somewhere else. Where to, he did not know. Where to, she did not say.  And so he saw grey. Everything was grey. Grey surrounded him  It was always raining.And so, all his efforts had been completely in vain.  He had run away for nothing.Whenever that thought ran through his mind, he would try to justify it had been done in order to protect his parents.  His mother, above all, even though she wasn't there. And his father was not, either.  That had been one reason. But deep inside him, he knew it was not true.  He had run away because he had felt like he had not been ready to give up on his life, because he had felt an incredible rush of selfishness that had prevented him from being brave.Not even for her.Even after passionate, lustful and sinful nights even after discovering his feelings for her, Draco Malfoy had run away. Run away from her, as far as he could. And what was worse, he had hoped to forget her ever since.He had truly, sincerely hoped to forget about her melted chocolaty honey irises. About her curly and brownish hair. Not even her angelical face was he able to forget. And her name her name was unforgettable: Hermione. Hermione Granger.Every time his eyelids fell shut, her beautiful picture would appear in front of his eyes. And every single fucking time, he would feel deeply sorry he had let go of her so easily.  So that was his current life: A sore and a pitiful one. He was filled with loathsome disgust at himself.Pity. He hated that word. He hated the sensation of pitying himself. Pitying himself for wanting to have her back, and not doing absolutely anything about it. He pitied himself for knowing she was there, somewhere, living her life.  Maybe with another man, maybe alone.  Maybe happy, maybe sad.Draco pitied himself for not going to gain her back. But every time he wanted to leave the house and search for her, he told himself it was easier and maybe better for both of them to go on with their lives, forgetting about everything that had happened between them in the past.Forget about every single fiery caress; about every single passionate touch. Every kiss. Every lick.  Every unique time he had buried himself inside her, thrusting into her intensely, yet lovingly at the same time.  Every time both had reached their sweetest climax, collapsing.  He could not pretend to forget about how she cuddled into his sweaty chest, still heavily panting from their love making, and how she didn't say absolutely anything, for their deal had been 'no feelings can get involved'.  He pitied himself for knowing she had never felt anything for him. And he pitied himself horribly for knowing he had always felt something for her.It hurt. Badly. It was so incredibly painful to love someone and know they did not return your feelings. It was so hurtful they showed their indifference towards the person they knew he loved them. Their empty eyes, their inexpressive faces. It hurt. Badly.  Grey. Everything was grey. Grey like the sky, grey like abhorrent silver, grey like his irises, and grey like his cloudy, rainy soul.It hurt to imagine her soft voice saying she loved him, for he knew it was not true. It hurt to hear her soft, sweet and tender voice at all.  No one loved him. He was entirely alone. Draco Malfoy was a lonely man.  Grey slowly turned into black.Bitterly, Draco thought it served him right. He hadn't exactly been the kindest. He hadn't been the one to rely on, not even when people had needed him most. He had ignored his surroundings; he had been extremely selfish, egoistic, and even egocentric. And now he was suffering the consequences. And he didn't like them.  Who could like loneliness and bitterness?Every time one of his fingers pressed a key, the sensual sound of her moans would invade his ears, causing him to moan softly, as well.  Every delicious sound full of want and desire, escaping her throat, always begging for more; always begging him to let her commit those dirty sins. Begging him to spread his sinful saliva his sinful kisses all over her curvy body.The brightness of her eyes had to be illicit. The softness of her lips must be taboo. The sweetness of her flesh simply had to be prohibited. Her tender skin had to be a merciless sin. Her fervent, burning desire was a never satisfied hunger.  Hermione Granger was The Goddess of Seduction, forbidden and inaccessible for any man.  Except from Draco Malfoy.He had been so near, yet so far, far away from her at the same time. He had made her his, yet she belonged to herself, and to herself only.  Such a devastating fact.A devastating fact he had to change. Soon.  Draco Malfoy would remind her of what it felt like to be exhausted by sex.  What it felt like to be loved. And he was sure; his ways would be rough at first. It would be simple, dry sexual interaction, filled with nasty talking and harsh biting and sucking.  He would simply fuck her at first, make her cum over and over again, until she begged him to be careful, to be kind and giving, loving, even. She would end up asking him to love her.  And he gladly would accept.So, after a very long time hiding in the shadows, after a very long time trying to look for excuses so he wouldn't leave his house and go find her, Draco decided to put an end to his sexual agony. He wanted to fulfill some of his sexual fantasies with her, so he was determined to remember her, to revive every single moment he had shared with her: Every single day and every single night.  Right then, he was going to apparate at Granger's, and was going to include her to his life again.She was his ambitious challenge. She was his fatal sin. And he was ready for her.His fingers lightly pressed the last key, for the broken, yet beautiful melody had come to its end. The tips of his digits caressed the piano, as he distraughtly looked through the window. Draco Malfoy finally saw a ray of light within all that greyish darkness.~~~~~~~~~~~~Boo! Soooo, that was the prologue! What do you think? Do you like it? I soooo hope so! :D Really, I've thought of you guys while writing this, hoping you'd be AMAAAAAZED by this. I've put so much effort and so much love into it! AAAAh! :D  No seriously. I hope you've enjoyed your reading :) Oh, and just to clear a thing: Peccata Commisit is Latin, and it means: 'He commits sins'.  I just thought Latin would be more suitable for such story, considering Lust and Lechery are cardinal sins. ;)  It's like: Omg this is something big.  Hopefully you get what I mean ;D As said, I'm giving you an easy start. Things are going to get MUCH more intense in the following chapters. More descriptive. And I can assure you, they are going to get longer. Pinky promise! Xx Favs, follows are very much appreciated! Really, I'm extremely thankful for every single email! And reviews tooooo! Omg, they make me happy as hellllll! :D :p hahaha So, yeah. Once again, I really hope you've liked this chapter, and I'll see you guys on next one! Thank you SO MUCH for reading and supporting this, guys! Really, it means A LOT to me! YOU ROCK! Kisses! xxxxSkyselisse 
