A/N: This is unbeta'd, so any mistakes are my own. It was written for GS100 on LJ, the someday my prince will come challenge. Enjoy!Disclaimer: JKR owns the world and characters of Harry Potter, not me. I am not making any money from the posting of this story.Dreams Of Her Own Prince CharmingHermione closed her book with a sigh. She had thought reading would take her mind off her inappropriate school girl crush, but it didn't. In fact, it had only made it worse because she had read a fairytale.Now, her mind was filled with ideas of Prince Charming.To be specific, her prince had dark, black hair that was greasy. He had a large hooked nose, and teeth that would make her parent's cringe. His voice was soft, yet authoritative. And he was always dressed in black flowing robes that wrapped around his body.Her prince was Professor Severus Snape. "Hermione, how was the library?" Ginny asked over dinner.Abruptly, Hermione looked up from her meal. She blushed. "Good, good.""Did you get a lot of reading done?" Ron asked. "You took off there in a hurry.""Mmmm," Hermione responded, nodding. Her eyes drifted to the Head Table, where Snape was eating.An image of Snape standing up and proclaiming his love for her popped into her mind. She blushed even more, despite knowing it was such a childish thought.Snape was better than that. There would be no silly love declarations from him.Besides, that would be totally improper. That night, Hermione still couldn't get Snape out of her mind. They were in the middle of a war, for Merlin's sake! There was no time for her to have silly crushes.But if there was, why did it have to be Snape? He was a bitter and sarcastic old man. Why did she have to fall in love with him?No, it wasn't love, not yet. Hermione suspected that in time, love could possibly blossom.But Snape wouldn't want a girl like her.Stop thinking about him! Her conscious chided her.Closing her eyes, Hermione finally drifted to sleep. Her dreams was filled of her Prince Charming. He came to her on his black stallion. Together, they picnicked by the lake.Snape held her in his arms and his hands caressed her body. His slightly chapped lips pressed kisses in forbidden places. They made love by the lake as the sun shone brightly.Afterwards, Hermione fed him strawberries and grapes as they talked of what the future would hold for them both.Upon waking, Hermione sighed. It was just a dream, but someday, she hoped she would get her prince. She hoped she'd get Snape, her own Prince Charming.
