Hello everybody !There is a small inter-temporal story, which is a bit unusual. Actually, nothing is really happening, I just wanted to introduce my characters and places, there is a little more action in the next chapter. I hope you'll enjoy the reading, please leave some reviews, it's always nice and it helps me to keep on writing, even if they aren't positive, they help me to do some progress anyway.Moreover, English isn't my mother tongue , so I may have made some mistakes, I hope you'll forgive me and that it won't disturb your reading.Disclaimer : the worlds and characters are 's, but the story is mine !Now, i've spoken enough, enjoy !I Alice in Wonderland  So she sat on, with closed eyes, and half believed herself in Wonderland, though she knew she had but to open them again, and all would change to dull realitythe grass would be only rustling in the wind, and the pool rippling to the waving of the reedsthe rattling teacups would change to tinkling sheep-bells, and the Queen's shrill cries to the voice of the shepherd boyand the sneeze of the baby, the shriek of the Gryphon, and all the other queer noises, would change (she knew) to the confused clamour of the busy farm-yardwhile the lowing of the cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock Turtle's heavy sobs.Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children, and make their eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale, perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she would feel with all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all their simple joys, remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer days. Lily let the magic go on by keeping the book open longer than necessary. James, Sirius Remus and Peter were still deep in thought. But this stillness couldn't go on. With stars in his eyes, James broke the silent meditation:"Hey Padfoot! Can you imagine that? Following a white rabbit and being plunged in another world? It would be so cool, don't you think?""Yeah! But you would have to be a Muggle to imagine something like that! Anyone who has some knowledge in magic knows that it's impossible! Nowadays at least." Sirius answered smugly.Remus did his best to hide a thin smile he couldn't hold back. They were so predictable! James was always dreaming of extraordinary adventures, and Sirius hoped that his knowledge in magic could help them to make those dreams turn true."To my mind, it is possible." Peter said timidly. "After all, there is Time Turner!""Yeah, sure, but you can only go back to the past with it, not in the future or an other hypothetical world! Magic is too young for that. Anyway, we should hurry and run to herbology class, or Mrs Sprout will kill each of us!" Lily interrupted.In a concert of grunts and sights, the young Gryffindors walked down the corridors, straight through the garden to the greenhouses. While walking, they were chatting and laughing, but James and Sirius couldn't help trying to peek into the park. Lily finally noticed that, and her lips quivered and stretched out in a smile."I can't believe it You guys are not seriously looking for a white rabbit are you?""And if we were?" Sirius asked haughtily."Well I'd tell you to open your eyes; there is one just over there!""Very funny, really. Wait. JAMES! SHE'S RIGHT!""Where? Are you Sirius? I can't see it! Oh god! Now I've seen it! Come Padfoot, hurry up!"And they both rushed to the little white point they could see darting through the grass.But they suddenly stopped and turned back to face their friend. They explained that it was indeed a rabbit, but that it wasn't wearing any waistcoat or watch, and that it didn't speak a word of English. Out of the kindness of their heart (or maybe because they were too busy running not to be late), the others made no comment, keeping their jokes for later.The young guys were so excited that even their teacher noticed something unusual. "What's up boys? You're even more daredevil than usual." Mrs Sprout's smile disappeared, and a suspicious look appeared on her face:"You are not plotting again are you? You've done enough for the rest of the year!""Mrs! How could you even suspect us?" James said indignantly."My heart is bleeding at the thought you might have such an idea!" Sirius gasped." You guys I never had students like you, in my whole life!""Yeah, that's normal, we are absolutely unrivalled!" James boasted."Plus, you have to confess that if we weren't there your life would be so boring" Sirius smiled.The totally distraught Mrs Sprout chose to laugh in front of her students' cheek. She prayed days after days to never have such students again, but the poor woman had no idea of what the future was holding in store. Finally, the bell rang, and the classroom emptied in a happy hubbub, and the students walked down to the Great Hall, intent on eating a well-deserved lunch. The Marauders were still talking about the "wonderful Lewis Carroll story". James and Sirius gushed over this brilliant writer, and maintained that they would find the extraordinary world of Alice, even if they had to stay awake for nights and nights on end, which wasn't to Lily's liking."Come on! You've disobeyed enough for the next ten years! I'll be forced to punish you if I come upon you at night""That's especially why you won't. We'll be really discreet. Unwind, dear, and let us dream." James uttered with a sigh."Don't call me dear, James! How many times do I have to say that?"The aforementioned smiled. He had successfully diverted Lily from their nocturnal getaway." And don't believe I'll forget your projects like that! Hey! Are you listening to me?"Oh, in fact she hadn't forgotten James sighed, just before bursting out in laughter with his Marauder friends. Severus Snape had just gone past behind the Gryffindor table wearing a beautiful eagle's beak."It doesn't change him that much," Sirius hiccoughed between two bursts of laughter."Uh, we could get our heads bitten off by the little Greasy!" James added.Raging mad, Lily left the table, glaring at the four boys doubled up on the table. They were so pathetic and immature! But once out of the Great Hall, Lily couldn't avoid laughing. The spell was especially successfully made. Severus had wonderful wings instead of his arms and his pupils looked like a cat's. Giggling, she came across her old friend and undid the spell.This chapter is now ended, I hope you've enjoyed your reading. So, do you think that the Marauders will find the white rabbit ? Once again, I love reviews, so don't be afraid to say what you think, I'll answer each one personally.See you later for the next chapter !
