Summary: Harry is left much more timid from his time at Privet Drive, and has failed to make any friends at Hogwarts. Instead, he finds solace in his studies and goes father than most. Publishing his work under a fake name, Harry along with another fellow bookworm, struggles with becoming well regarded under a different name, while still trying to complete their time at Hogwarts.Overview (more details than the summary): Harry is starting second year, and hasn't made many friends, because everyone considers him an bookworm. He is more advanced than everyone realizes and will make a discovery with the help of another bookworm (guess who!) and together they become well respected for it outside of school under different names. They struggle to remain normal students while hiding such a huge secret that is beginning to effect even their schoolwork. Voldemort won't show up until much later, in this story the incident with Quirrell and with the diary didn't happen for reasons that will be explained later on in the story.Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters or settings, that all belongs to the brilliant J.K. Rowling. Only the plot is my own.Harry stared at the book in his hands, Potions and Remedies for Beginners. How simple everything in it seemed. If only everything in his life was like this, Harry could just read instructions out of a book and not have to worry about the ramifications of every single thing he did.Maybe, Harry thought, this was one of the reasons he loved his books so much. They gave him his own little paradise away from Dudley and his gang, and now away from the hoards of people who just wanted to meet him because he was "Harry Potter- The-Boy-Who-Lived." Most people though, left him alone whenever he was reading, probably realizing that the glorious Harry Potter they had had painted in their minds was nothing like the socially awkward oddball he really was.It was strange for Harry to think that he had only known about the Wizarding World for just over a year now. The things he had learned in that short time was almost unbelievable for Harry himself. For his first couple months at Hogwarts, Harry was overwhelmed by hoards of people trying to "be friends with the great Harry Potter," while Harry himself was desperately trying to escape all the attention. Close to thanksgiving however, most students had realized that Harry was not really the person they had all hoped for, and instead a quite boy who tended to prefer books to people, a bookworm at any rate. The rest of his first year had been fairly quiet, he got through though with no real friends by the time the train had taken him back to the Dursley's. That was alright for him however, it just gave him more time to spend on his books.Now, sitting back on the Hogwarts Express, a 12 year-old Harry Potter was wondering what this next year would bring. If only he had know, for Harry was in for a very interesting, not to mention extraordinary year.A/N: If you like this idea, please review. There is a chance I many not keep going, 'cause I'm not so sure about continuing this story, so it would be good to hear if anyone is interested. Comments (PMs or Reviews are great!), but also if you like the idea follow this story. Thanks for reading!
