Hi guys, this is my first story ever on here so please be nice in reviews and comments! This is going to be a long chapter story, and I am hoping to complete a story like this for every Harry Potter book. This chapter is mainly a teaser, the next chapter will be coming out hopefully on this Friday.Hope yo like it!Disclaimer: I don't own the Harry Potter series, the fantastic author (wont let me write her name for some reason) does!PrologueIcy wind swirled around the figures hastily moving across the field, basked in moonlight. Katrina Smith narrowed her eyes. She was sat on a wooden window seat in a bedroom, well decorated and new. A chandelier hung from the ceiling, made from diamonds, but the diamonds weren't silvery white anymore.Green light poured in from the window, and once hitting the chandelier, was bouncing around the room in all direction. Katrina could feel a dash of green against her cheek, but she was too interested in the people outside, and what they were doingOne of the figures suddenly looked up in her direction. Heart beating like a hummingbirds wings, Katrina pressed her body against the wall and pulled a dark hood up over her head. If she didn't, she would have been spotted, as her hair was as silver as the horn of a unicorn.Curiosity beating the sensible side of her, Katrina looked back outside. She didn't know what the people were up to, but she had to know, as they were merely metres from her house. Three of Katrina's children were asleep in the next room, peacefully oblivious to the strange happenings outside.The same figure that had looked at her had turned back around, talking to his friends in a huddled circle. Whatever this was, it was something important, something maybe even dark, and she wanted to know what.There was a small knock at the door. Katrina's loving husband was still at work, having to stay out until late at night. Terrified and stressed, she whipped around holding her wand up by her head. "Lumos," she muttered. Light shone from her wand, and she tried to stare past the sudden bright light, willing her eyes to adjust. A tiny face stared back at her."Mommy," the small boy said, grabbing her hand and stubbornly pulling her away. Rico was barely two, but already the personality of his mother was shining through.Rico's russet curls bounced as he led his mom into a now empty room, where two children's beds and a cot lay unoccupied. The cot didn't concern Katrina, because Rico was stood with her.The beds belonged to her eldest, the silver twins. Jayden had obviously climbed out her window, as cold air breezed through and sent Katrina shivering form fear and cold."Come here, Rico." She lifted the child back in his cot and tucked him in, not allowing the panic to seep through steel walls yet. But panic was like acid, and it burned its way through her mind until she lost all control.Tripping and stumbling, Katrina ran back to her green room, straight to the window. Her whole body froze.Hiding in a tree, hidden from the strangers but in perfect view of their mother, Jayden and Larkin were looking curiously at the strangers. Larkin was white, not just from the moonlight though, terror was hitting him, hard.Katrina watched helplessly as Jayden whispered something to her brother, and then started to climb carefully down the tree. Her children, her babies, were in danger, she could just tell. It was a mother's instinct to protect her children, and Katrina Smith was out her front door before the girl climbed fully down the tree.As Katrina ran she realised she was outnumbered; there were at least twelve figures, which all looked like men, and she was a small woman, with two five year old children to protect. As she drew closer to the field her worst nightmare became true.Number one, all the men carried wands. Number two, Larkin started to cry, alerting all the men to intruders. Number three, Jayden had been spotted.There was a flash of green light; Katrina screamed; Larkin dropped from the tree and ran toward his sister. She was lying on the floor after collapsing mere seconds ago. The men noticed Katrina, started to whisper hurriedly, and then many started to disapparate. Finally only the one she had seen looking at her was left."I thought you were watching me. Should have been watching the children, though, shouldn't you? I'm assuming they're yours." From the corner of Katrina's eye, she noticed Jayden starting to rise. Wasn't she dead? Hadn't Katrina just witnessed her daughter be hit by the killing curse?The strange man raised his wand to the sky, just as Jayden got to her feet and ran, toward him. Katrina screamed as Jayden hit him, accidently turning his wand onto her, just as he yelled "Morsmordre!" Then he disappareted too, leaving two agonised silver haired people to run towards their fallen.
