Hey! This gunna be the first chapter of my first story! Yay! Please review! Told from Cho's perspective!My heels clunked the halls on my way to the funeral home, the pitter patter of rain and clunk of my heels fit together symphonically. Today, another muggle death meant more work for me. All of us in hiding hear the name whispered through the halls, but in fear, the rumors never strengthen. What if he is dead? Or worse, biding his time. He destroyed my family, and nearly orphaned little Rose Weasley. What a dear girl. I had a meeting with Hermione, a social worker now, about the late Miss Carrie Lynch."Hello, Cho" called Hermione, weary, when she saw me. "Miss Lynch here is the fifth today. Such tragedy." She smiled a half smile, but her heart was obviously not consoling. She, along with her husband and his sister, was foolish enough to believe we still had hope. Would we be hiding if that was the case?! I wanted to scream at her. Wake up and smell the damned roses already!"Hello, Hermione" I silently pleaded with her to not be stupid. Her group of maniacs was rumored to be searching for the hermit. They think he can help us. I used to have a small crush on him, Harry, you know, pre-hermit. Awkward, clumsy, and boyish. Nothing like Mr. Diggory. Something in the maze changed Harry, though. He was distant and aloof until the Takeover. Then, when all of us hid, he left for the hills, leaving behind only a note holding a promise to Ginny, Hermione's husband's sister. No-one knows exactly what that note says, but its causing them to go looking for him."I'll take care of Miss Lynch. I know you are so busy at the cemetary these days." She turned and began to take hastily scrawled notes. I left her there, and returned to work.When I arrived home, Cedric had already baked a cake and set an extra place at the table. "Rebecca! It is time to have Tommy's party!" Rebecca's tiny footsteps rushed down the stairs."Mommy! Is Tommy here yet?""Not yet, pumpkin, sit and wait." The minutes before he arrived were dreadful. Tommy arrived, floating out of the table, my beautiful twelve-year-old Thomas, immortalized. Visiting his mother for his birthday cake.Hey! Sorry it's short, but I'll post more when I can!This'll probably be updated every week or so!BYEEEE I LOVE YOU! (LOL)
