Once again Harry, Ron, and Hermione were the last to leave the dimly lit common room. The roaring fire was keeping them warm as they continued to research the mysterious Nicolas Flamel, the name of whom Hagrid had let slip a few weeks prior.Hermione had her head bent over a large and rather scary-looking volume, frowning in concentration as she read. So far the search had proved fruitless and Hermione could tell that the other two were getting tired of it. As she was turning to the next page a tingling sensation carried throughout her body as her left hand was lightly brushed by another. Without looking up Hermione knew who the hand belonged to even before a voice attached to it spoke."Sorry, Hermione," Harry yawned."It's okay," Hermione replied, barely glancing his way. His touch had triggered a warm tingling sensation that felt as though it was devouring every inch of her body, not a feeling she was accustomed to. Using her left hand she brushed her bushy mane of hair to shield her face from the boys as she felt the redness flood her face.Another half an hour passed in silence as all three of them continued to research Mr. Flamel, though Hermione's thoughts kept drifting towards Harry. Just as she was imagining Harry proclaiming his untold love for her a loud bang on the small wooden table brought her crashing back into reality."This is USELESS. When are we going to find this guy?" Ron grouched."Be patient, Ronald, he has to be in one of these books somewhere," Hermione replied."Yeah? Well where then? Because, I'm not sure if you noticed," Ron challenged, "but so far, Hermione, we've found nothing.""Yes, and is that sort of attitude helping, Ronald?" Hermione snapped."Well why don't you-""Look," Harry half-shouted, "every time you two bicker like this we lose time for research. Let's just continue this tomorrow it's getting late." Ron continued to scowl at Hermione from across the table before gathering his books and storming upstairs. Harry sighed and began to slowly gather up his books to follow him."Are you not heading to bed?" Harry asked her."No, I'm going to stay up for a bit longer and... er... research," she replied, looking into his brilliant green eyes."Alright, night Hermione.""Night," Hermione called back. As Harry disappeared through the door to the boys dormitories, Hermione bent her head back over the large volume. Every word she read seemed to link back to Harry in some way.After 10 more minutes of struggling to concentrate Hermione let out a small sound of annoyance and slammed the book shut. What was the point? All she could see was him. Collecting her books Hermione made her way up to bed, looking forward to being alone with Harry in her fantasy world.If you review, the next chapter will be up sooner.
