Chapter One: Mess With my Friends, I Mess with YouAriana's P.O.V.Sirius Black was the perfect example of a player. He was good-looking,hot, muscular, seductive, charming, and could get a girl to jump off a cliff with one smile.I didn't know why the heck I was messing with him, because I was just a nobody. With green eyes and brown hair, I was just a 'student.'I wasn't the girls who had gauzy outfits with obnoxious red lipstick.I was just me. Shy, quiet me. Smart, book-worm me. This was a horrible example for someone who wanted to mess with Black.But I had to. Whoever messes with my friends, is messing with me.It had been a cold day, icy winds passing over me and Lily Evans. We were studying outside, because it was quiet and peaceful."So Nargles like mistletoes?" I demanded, whacking my book."Unfortunately," Lily said. "I hope Nargles steal Potter's glasses when he tries to trap me under the mistletoe at the Christmas Ball."The Christmas Ball was approaching in two days, and Lily, Marlene, Mary, and I were going shopping tomorrow, since it was a Hogsmeade day.I gave out a laugh, but it slowly turned into a frown as I saw the Marauders coming towards us. Or specifically, Lily Evans. I was always jealous of Lily, she was pretty, strong-willed, and brave. I wasn't even close to pretty. Lily had attracted James Potter, the leader of the group, and how could I not get jealous about that?"Hey Evans," James greeted in a suave voice."What do you want?" Lily snapped."A date," James said straight-forwardly. "I heard that the Christmas Ball is two days away.""I would rather kiss a squid!" Lily exclaimed. "Will you just give up already?"James shot Lily a let's-do-this-tomorrow look and he turned to his friends."Tough luck, buddy," Sirius Black said. "Getting Marlene McKinnon was easier than this. Man, she was a looker. But she's too clingy. I had to dump her."After I heard those words, my blood froze. Lily saw me tense up and shot me a questioning look.I got up, and marched towards the Marauders, or exactly, Sirius Black.James Potter saw me coming."Do you have a message from Evans?" James asked hopefully."Since when was I an owl?" I hissed, and shoved him away.Peter shot me a wary look and I stepped in front of Sirius Black. Yes, I had a crush on him, but it'd never work out. I looked up at him, trying to broaden my shoulders. I was 5"4, and he was like what6?"Yes?" Sirius Black asked, staring down at me.I wanted to shrink into a ball. His silver eyes pierced through my skull, and I felt like melting.I gulped, and mustered up my courage."Did you actually break up with Marlene?" I inquired, trying to sound tough."Why, do you want to date me too?" Black asked cheekily.I shook my head. I felt like a little kid."Listen here, buster," I growled, stepping up my game. "Marlene is my friend, and she was raving over you! You should at least-""Huh?" Black teased. "I don't hear you!"He leant his head closer to me.The Marauders had amused looks on their faces and I wanted to punch them in the face. I did the first thing that popped in my mind.I punched his face. Black staggered backwards and Peter gasped."You mess with my friends? I mess with you!" I shouted, and stormed off.A hot blush radiated off of my cheeks because of my rashness. What was I going to do now? I saw Lily grinning at me and I slumped next to her."I punched him!" I moaned. "I'm so stupid!""That was pretty good," Lily assured. "You should've seen his face!""I'm done with Nargles," I huffed, taking my book and shoving it in my bag. "I'm going to check on Marlene."Lily rolled her eyes and followed me. I marched towards the castle, and Lily giggled."Black is staring at you," Lily said. "Should I give him a punch too?"I stared at Black, and saw him staring at me with a confused look. I blushed, and looked down. I hated this feeling. We soon were in the castle, and Lily was going on and on about Hippogriffs.I shut her out, and just focused on someone particular.Sirius Black.I liked him, and this was the time I'd ever been so close to him. He smelled like leather and wood, a cozy scent. I sighed."Are you even listening to me?" Lily demanded, waving her hand in my face."Umyeah!" I lied. "Hippos are fat?"Lily rolled her eyes. "First of all, we were talking about hippogriffs. Not hippos!"I was a Muggleborn, like Lily. We had met at the Hogwarts Express, and hit it off since we were Muggleborns.We approached the Fat Lady, and Lily said the password 'Godric.'We went inside to see Marlene, sobbing on the couch, with Mary next to her."I thought he actually he loved me!" Marlene wailed. "I can't believe I fell for his words!"Lily and I rushed to Marlene.Mary informed quickly, "Sirius broke up with her.""We know," Lily said. "'Anna punched his face."Marlene gasped. "You did?""Yes," I said sheepishly. "And don't call me Anna!"Anna was my nickname since Arianna ended with Anna."Why did you punch him?" Mary demanded, crowding over me."He messed with my friends," I said softly. "I'm going to mess with him."Marlene choked a sob and hugged me. "You did that for me?"I nodded. "He's such a prat!""She's such a prat!" a voice exclaimed, and everyone turned to see the Marauders coming into the CommonRoom.Marlene stiffened and got up. Mary, Lily, and I got up with her and we went up to the girl's dorms.I surveyed my dorm, along with Lily, Mary, and Marlene. It was neat and clean, or at least my side was. Marlene's side had a hairdryer on her bed with eye shadow and powder. Lily's was clean like mine. Mary's had tons of books on them.Marlene threw herself onto her bed and continued to cry. Lily sighed and sat on her bed. Mary comforted Marlene.I felt my blood boil. I hated it when people made my friends cry. And the only way to get back, was to mess with Black.A/N~ That's the chapter! More heat will come up, soon...How about some reviews?
