Chapter 1 present dayDraco sat in his bed starring blankly at the wall unaware of the raven haired Gryffindor sitting in the chair in corner of the room.Harry was sitting in the corner of Dracos new room under his invisibility cloak watching the blond with a bored expression. The only reason he was actually doing this was because Ron asked him to.After the war the Weasleys took Draco in. Draco had no where else to go his parents were in askaban, not that he wanted anything to do with them anyway, and his childhood home didn't feel much like a home anymore. So he agreed to stay with the Weasleys for a while until he found his own place to stay. So far the Slytherin had no luck finding any place that wanted him. They all saw him as the son of Death eaters.Draco turned on his back and stared at the ceiling.Ron was still suspicious of the boy so that's why Harry was there. He was trying to put out the flames of Rons suspicion. Harry didn't think Ron had any right to accuse Draco of being a Death eater still even after they found out he was a spy just like Snape. Turns out Hermione and Draco had been working together and the latter had become a Death eater for the sake of saving Harry. Well that's how Hermione explained it anyway.Ron being Ron had dismissed that completely. He told them "Why would Harry's enemy of 6 years suddenly want to save him?" Hermione refused to answer him and told them it was a secret. After Hermione left Ron asked him to watch him that night. So there Harry was sitting in Dracos room watching him doing nothing.The Slytherin looked frustrated, like he couldn't sleep. Suddenly his hand started trailing down his body and in to his pants. That's when Harry noticed the slight tent there. He wanted to get up and leave but he knew he couldn't because then he would have to explain why he was there in the first place. So he sat there silently watching as the other boy striped. After his clothes were gone he began stroking himself.Harry watched on as Draco pleasured himself and became more and more aroused as the blonde came closer to completion. At one point Harry's own hand had started rubbing at the bulge in his pants.Draco spread his legs as he reached under his pillow and grabbed what looked like lube. After slicking his fingers with it he reached down and slid one in his entrance.Harry had to hold himself back from gasping, or possibly moaning, or both. Malfoy moaned quietly. He was obviously saying someone's name but he was to quiet to hear what it was. Soon he had all three of his fingers in his ass and he was stroking himself quickly. Harry had to hold himself back from jumping the blond."Harry!" Draco moaned as he came.Harry's eyes went wide and once again had to hold himself back from gasping/moaning.After using a quick spell to clean himself Draco pulled his covers over him and fell asleep.Harry quickly got up and ran out the door. He went to the bathroom where he quickly took care of himself.a/n- So this was originally just gonna be a one shot but I have 5 more chapters already written. So I'll be updating every Monday. Hope you guys like it
