Whippee! My second fanfic and a sequel to "Purely Rival's Love"! Thanks for all the reviews in my first fanfic, I feel loved Enjoy! P.s: If you want to know me better, follow me on twitter: cempakan_001 it's private but I will accept your follow! (Just to keep enemies out hehehe)Draco's View"So she's calling us the Famous Five now?" I couldn't help but snorted as my eyes scanned the morning paper. I looked up at the curious faces of Ron, Harry, Ginny and Hermione. "Damn Skeeter." I muttered as I passed them the Daily Prophet.Our morning routine is to dedicate our breakfast time to read the nonsense that Rita Skeeter wrote. It was always a good laugh to wake us all up, as the search for the portraits is extremely tiring. It has been two weeks and we've gotten as far as the dead snail up the garden.The four of them took a sip of their pumpkin juice and started to read the paper too, their serene expression quickly changing into one of disgust.I have received word from a trusty source that our Famous Five has been visiting Hogwarts very often this past two weeks. What can they be looking for? Is it a Dark object to aid them with practicing the Dark Arts?"The five aurors looked lovely and friendly when they first came, but after a while, they turn up grumpy and disappear for long periods of time with Professor Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall and Professor Snape. Their grumpy attitude has brought fear to us first years," 11 year old Beverly Jane Lexton, Ravenclaw House, said, seemingly eager for the interview.Ron snorted.What do our Famous want? What can possibly attract them to keep visiting Hogwarts, though grumpy? "They are good people, and what they are doing has nothing to do with the Dark Arts." Professor Longbottom had said firmly, refusing to believe anything I had tried to tell him.So what is it, then, that could drive 5 of our most outstanding aurors into an old school?-Rita Skeeter"If she wrote something other than rumors for once I think it'll kill her," Ginny said, standing up."I don't want to go to Hogwarts today.""Hermione, ignore Skeeter""No! I believe there's something in Godric Hollow. We need to search it. All we've been doing is go to the library and that's leading us nowhere.""In that case we'll need disguises. It'll raise too much suspicion." I sighed but rubbed Hermione's back, comforting her."Alright." Everyone agreed and went to go get changed."Professor Slytherin, do you mind staying here?" Hermione asked the bald man gently, propping him up against the wall."But I want to see Godric Hollow. I miss that ol' place." The portrait folded his arms stubbornly."Alright, but we'll have to put you in my beaded bag, oh don't worry it's magically enlarged. It's okay, I promise we'll take you out sometime when no one is looking."Slytherin nodded and Hermione began to pack."Draco, dear, pass me some Polyjuice Potion.""Let's take ten okay? Two bottles for each of us." I passed her ten bottles at her nod."Wigs?""Check.""Extra clothes?""Check.""Thanks, Draco." "Wait but Hermione, where do we start to look?"She froze suddenly. Then, in a very quiet voice, said, "We'll improvise."We made our way down the large winding stone steps and met up with Ron, Harry and Ginny."Each of you, take a bottle of Polyjuice Potion from my bag.""Accio Potion." There was a series of clinks and five bottles flew out of the bag."Alright, here's the hairs and fake identification. We'll apparate exactly five minutes apart. Draco and Hermione, both of you first. Then followed by Ron, Ginny and I," Harry said in a commanding voice, "Meet up at the one and only pub at one o'clock. We'll try to find a secluded area to discuss our findings. Improvise from there."We each drank the Polyjuice Potion, its horrible taste draining down my throat and making it ache.I felt myself grow larger, my potbelly bulging and threatening to split open my pants. I quickly did a disillusionment charm and changed into a set of neon purple pants and a ridiculous flower patterned shirt. Ugh, way fashionable.I undid the charm and looked around to see Hermione already dressed up in a neon purple dress, her large potbelly protruding in the middle. Oh. What a nightmare.Harry and Ginny were no better, their matching couple emerald green pants were flabby and the yellow shirts they were wearing could be mistaken as garbage bags.Ron, however, was another story all together. He looked simply horrifying. His robes were coffee stained and the bunny slippers he had were squishing in agony under his heavy weight. His oily hair could make Professor Snape's go to shame."Okay. Who chose the hairs?" I glared at everyone."More importantly, who chose the clothes?" Ginny questioned, her expression of outmost annoyance showing clearly on her face."Who chose the name?" Harry literally had tears spilling out his eyes, "Mine is Fartificus Maxima. A fart? Really?"I looked down at my identification card, almost paralyzed. "CHRIS P. BACON? AS IN CRISPY BACON?! YOU'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING.""We're wasting our precious two hours, you know." Hermione grabbed my hand impatiently and we disapparated, leaving the three howling with laughter.After a suffocating minute, we landed on solid ground."What's your name, Hermione?""Damp Bacon, if you must know."
