So... today is Ginny's birthday. And I just had to do a birthday story. One that occurred exactly 16 years ago, but who cares? :)I don't own HP.The Ultimate Birthday Gift for (Handy)GirlsGinny had expected to get a bit more than a piece of advertising paper from Harry on her seventeenth birthday. Or, at least that's what her first thoughts were when she opened the small, flat package in golden wrapping paper.It was early morning, on the eleventh of August, nineteen ninety-eight - the date that marked Ginny Weasley's seventeenth birthday - and Harry and Hermione had come to the Burrow to give her their presents. But, they had come a bit too early, because when they arrived, Ginny was still asleep. And that could only mean one thing. One stomach churning, terrifying thing. They had to wake her up. Despite Hermione having told him countless times that they should come later (she knew from her own experience that waking Ginny up didn't pay off), Harry insisted that for some 'mysterious reason,' they had to come early, so that's why Harry was now facing his girlfriend, who was grumpy and annoyed at him for two reasons."A piece of paper?! You woke me up and wasted wrapping paper just to give me a piece of bloody paper?" Ginny questioned angrily, glaring at her boyfriend through a curtain of her messy, orange, shaped-by-pillow hair, and rubbing her sleep-glued eyes with her fist. She held the paper in her other hand like something smelly and rotten. "And it's not even much; this is just barely enough to wipe my-""Ginny!" Hermione exclaimed."-with," Ginny finished."Hey, don't diss the paper before you read it," Harry said, struggling not to smile. 'Who knew she's so funny when she's sleepy?' he thought.Meanwhile, Hermione had moved to Ginny's window and opened the hunter-green curtains, allowing the natural light to infiltrate the room, which, unlike its inhabitant, seemed a lot more bright and cheerful."Go to hell, Hermione," Ginny groaned, burrowing her face back into the shapeless thing that used to resemble a pillow, as after Hermione's illuminating act, the sunlight found its way straight into Ginny's eyes."Oh, come on," Harry chuckled, reaching out to stroke the bare, pink, skin on Ginny's foot with his fingers. The immediate response came in the shape of a middle finger. "You don't want to spend your whole birthday sleeping, do you?"These words acted like an electrical shock to Ginny, and it was only with a huge amount of luck that her heel missed Harry's jaw as she jerked awake, jumping into a sitting position on her bed. Having his teeth knocked out and then re-grown back was not something Harry would've wished to relive."It's my birthday! I'm an adult now!" Ginny cried and with a squeal of joy.She pounced for her wand, looking quite predator-like, and started bewitching random facilities in her room."And here's the proof of that," Harry muttered, ducking to avoid a clothespin, which was now jumping around the room like a flea on steroids.Hermione snickered, but it soon died out when her sneakers turned into Grawp-sized, bright cherry red high-heeled shoes, in which she immediately lost her balance and fell to the floor, landing with a plop on the carpet. Rolling her eyes at the over-zippy young witch who had caused her fall, she quickly changed her shoes back and raised a protective shield around herself and Harry."Ginny, don't you want to stop before you break something?" Hermione called nervously, when the same spell Ginny had used on clothespins now hit a Beater's bat.She felt a wave of exasperation seep through her when she noticed Harry was sitting on Ginny's bed laughing, and clearly wasn't going to do anything to calm his girlfriend down anytime soon."That's what Reparo is for," Ginny replied, but she called the spells off all the same. "Hey, why didn't you keep the shoes?"Hermione made a face. "Wrong size."Ginny grinned. "Don't worry, you'd get used to them. It would just take some practice.""Some workout, more like," Hermione muttered. "Those shoes were at least half my weight.""Still less than your average school bag," Harry said. "You know it's true," he added when Hermione threw him a look."I can't believe I'm seventeen," Ginny sighed, resting her elbows on the windowsill and watching a group of gnomes chasing some chickens around. One of the gnomes noticed her and sent her a rude gesture. The gnome paid for its moment of daydreaming when a cock pecked it with its beak. Ginny burst into giggles at the sight.A pair of manly arms wrapped around Ginny's torso from behind. "Me neither," Harry said softly. "If I saw you out on the street, I'd say you were about twelve."Without looking away from the garden, Ginny poked Harry hard in the ribs. "Git. It's not my fault that I'm short.""Yeah. It was your height I was talking about," he whispered in her ear, looking pointedly down. "Hey, check it out! I can see the ground from here!"A sharp kick to the shin told Harry that she was not amused."Kidding love. But can you hear me complaining? You're the perfect height for me." Harry rested his chin on the top of Ginny's head and began opening and closing his mouth rapidly, like he was chewing on air."I'm really honoured to be your headrest," Ginny huffed, her voice dripping with sarcasm."I seem to recall it being the other way round most of the time," Harry replied, giving his girlfriend a playful nudge.This time, Ginny turned around in Harry's arms, putting her arms around his neck. Being quick to notice the dangerous signs, Hermione rushed to the package she'd left on the floor by the door before. It wasn't that the Muggleborn witch had anything against Harry's and Ginny's relationship, but she wasn't particularly interested in seeing a steamy snogging session between the two. So, before anything eye-burning could happen, Hermione hastily shoved the carefully-wrapped package between her friends, saying, "Here's your birthday present from me."Raising her eyebrows curiously, Ginny untangled one hand from Harry's neck to welcome the package. She set it on her bed, and Hermione had to smile when she saw the childlike joyous light sparkling in her chocolate brown eyes as she unwrapped the present carefully."Um, Hermione..." Ginny trailed off, not hiding her confusion when, after getting rid of the wrapping paper, she saw a box from a Muggle device she didn't recognise. It didn't look like anything she knew. The device seemed to be made of two parts. One part was a sheet of metal, hemmed by what seemed like chain, the other part orange and probably made of plastic, with an odd-looking set of little holes in the middle. It had what was almost certainly a handle on the side.When Harry saw the box, he was unable to hide a disbelieving laugh. "A chainsaw? Are you bloody serious, Hermione?"Hermione flushed. "It's not what it seems! I just couldn't find another box.""What is a chainsaw?" Ginny inquired."Muggles use them for cutting down trees," Harry explained.Ginny's eyebrows rose. "Well, I used to dream of playing Quidditch professionally, but now that I think about it, being a woodcutter would have its appeal, too..."A mental image of Ginny wearing woodcutting trousers with galluses and a helmet and charging at trees with a chainsaw while yelling a battle cry appeared in Harry's head, making him snort with laughter.Hermione groaned. "For Merlin's sake, I didn't buy you a chainsaw, Ginny! Just open the box."Ginny did so, and immediately, she chuckled at the sight. "Shouldn't have expected anything else," she said, taking out a small, but quite thick paperback book. "Once Upon a Quidditch," she read, intrigued."It's supposed to be a collection of Quidditch-related joked and anecdotes," Hermione said."Wow, thanks!" Ginny exclaimed, her mouth stretching into a smile."There's more in the box," Hermione replied, returning the smile.Next, Ginny's hand emerged out of the box with a pack of ten chocolate bars in red wrapping. "Cherry Ripe?""Australian candy," Hermione explained.After the war was over and all the trials and funerals ended, Hermione had gone to Australia to retrieve her parents back home. In fact, she had only returned four days prior to this day. And while her parents were hurt, Hermione was happy they had at least accepted that she'd done it solely for their safety. But she was aware it would take a long time for their relationship to at least get to the level it had been at after her sixth year.Lastly, Ginny found several pairs of socks in the box. Her face took a bewildered mask once again. "What am I, a bloke?" she chuckled, fingering the fabric."Judging by the state of your socks, I'd say yes," Hermione commented.Ginny snickered. "If you mean the holes, I keep them for ventilation.""That's why I bought you these," Hermione said, gesturing to the new socks. "They're charmed; cooling in summer, warming in winter, and they're air-permeable."Ginny nodded. "Thank you. I wonder how long it'll take before I create thumb holes into these..."Catching the joking tone of Ginny's voice, Hermione huffed. "How grateful.""I hope you won't treat my gift the same way," Harry said, clutching the paper to his chest before handing it over to Ginny."It's a leaflet," Hermione noticed, now that there was more light in the room. Suddenly, all seemed clearer to her. When she had first seen Harry's present, she thought he had to be kidding - who gives his girlfriend a piece of paper on her coming-of-age birthday? - but a leaflet symbolised an event or an attraction, and that was probably what Harry wanted to take Ginny to."A water park? What is a water park?" Ginny asked. "A park where there are many lakes or a swamp or something?"It took all Harry had not to burst out laughing. "No! It's an area with pools and water slides and other water attractions," he explained."Water... slides?" Ginny looked confused."They end in a pool, and there's also water flowing inside them," Hermione said."If there wasn't, you'd either burn your bum while sliding down or couldn't slide at all, depending on the gradient," Harry put in."So... I guess there isn't a chance of getting wet, is there?""Absolutely none," Harry grinned. Hermione rolled her eyes, but smiled nonetheless."That's your gift, isn't it?" Ginny asked thoughtfully. "You're inviting me to the water park?""Um," Harry scratched the back of his head, "I kind of thought all of us could go - all four, I mean.""All four; so the three of us and-" Hermione started, but Ginny beat her to the answer."Neville?""Neville?! Why Neville? No; it's obviously us and-""Charlie!""What? Charlie? All the way from Romania?" Hermione huffed.Figuring out that Ginny wasn't going to let her say the correct answer, even though the younger witch knew full well how much Hermione loved answering questions, she knew that Ginny and Harry both knew the right one, so she decided not to try again."Yeah, get real, Ginny," Harry said, catching on to his girlfriend's game. "It's Hagrid; isn't that obvious?"Ginny made a gagging sound. "Did you have to? I mean; I really like Hagrid and all, but I don't like picturing him in a swimsuit!"Hermione grimaced, trying to get rid of the mental picture that appeared in her head, while Harry just laughed. "Kidding; I've invited your ghoul to come with us."The girls laughed and the game continued, the suggestions getting more and more ridiculous - Malfoy, McGonagall, Firenze, Kreacher, The Fat Lady, Peeves, Nearly-Headless Nick, Giant Squid, Merlin..."But Merlin had a long beard; wouldn't that bother him if he went swimming?" Hermione managed to say through her laughter."It-it would go straight into h-his face if he went down a slide," Ginny said, wiping the tears from her laughter onto her pillow.That was the last straw for Harry; he had to sit down next to Ginny's bed and lean against it because he couldn't stay standing."Hey Ginny, where's all the noise coming from? Oh, hi guys, what are you doing here?" Ron - who had been coming down for breakfast when he saw his sister's door open and heard the laughter - asked."Hi mate," Harry said, hiccupping as he tried to compose himself. "Come join us, we've been discussing how Merlin would look like on a slide."Ron sent his best friend a look questioning his sanity, and the look was enough to send the girls into another wave of uncontrollable laughter.After a few minutes, Hermione, trusting herself to speak coherently, explained the situation and Harry's plan to Ron. Harry had to help her later on, because he was the one who knew the whole plan; Hermione only told Ron what she was certain that was true, and that wasn't much. All that Harry had written in his message to her the previous day was to be at the Burrow at six AM sharp and bring her swimsuit along with the present.When she had first seen the message, Hermione felt like strangling Harry; it was in her mail box, and with no stamp, which meant Harry had to have delivered it in person. Merlin's Beard; if he had bothered to physically appear at her street, why couldn't he have rang the doorbell and actually talk to her instead of leaving a note like a schoolboy with a crush?"So that's why you wanted to know if we were at home today," Ron realised.Harry nodded. "Yeah; I didn't want to clash with whatever plan you had.""Hold on; do Mum and Dad know about this?" Ginny asked."Yeah, they do; well, at least your mum does. She was already in the kitchen when we arrived, so I told her; and she said your dad was already at work," Harry said."You did?" Hermione asked, surprised. "My mind must've been somewhere else; I didn't realise.""Yeah; with Ron," Ginny grinned, making Hermione blush."There's nothing wrong with that," Ron said, throwing Hermione a cheeky grin. "So; breakfast, and then we go?""You and your stomach," Hermione sighed quietly. "Don't you need to pack anything? I don't suppose you have your swimsuit on."Ron was already gone, so her words went unnoticed by him. The three friends who stayed in the room shared a meaningful glance, all thinking the same."I'll tell him," Ginny said, rolling her eyes. Then, when she went through the door, she turned around, leaning on the doorframe. "Oh, and don't think Mum would let you stay here without breakfast, so you should come down unless you want me to come here with orders to capture you and bring you down, using brutal force if necessary.""But we both have already had breakfast," Hermione said."Do you think that matters to my mum? Come, so I won't have to make the same journey three times."It was just as Ginny had predicted. No matter what Harry and Hermione said, Mrs. Weasley didn't stop persuading them to eat until they both ate one toast and one fried egg each. Compared to Ron's four toasts and five eggs, it wasn't much, but it was enough to Mrs. Weasley, and that was all that mattered to the two non-Weasleys.After breakfast, they ran back upstairs and Ron and Ginny grabbed their swimsuits and towels and stuffed them into Harry's backpack; courtesy of Hermione's Undetectable Extending Charm, it could now fit as much stuff as the average trunk of a Mini MPV."Well," Ginny clapped her hands, "can we go?"Harry and Hermione looked at the Weasleys, at each other, and at the Weasleys again. "Um... I don't know if it would be such a good idea to show up in pyjamas," Hermione said timidly.Ron and Ginny took a look at their clothes and said, "Bloody hell!" Ron ran upstairs to his room to change and Ginny, after making a quick swoop through her wardrobe, disappeared into the bathroom. "Hermione, I trust you not to let Harry spend too much time in my underwear drawer," she called just before she closed the door.As soon as they were alone, Harry and Hermione burst out laughing.Ron came in a couple of minutes later, wearing a simple beige Henley shirt and faded jeans. Then, they had to wait a little more for Ginny, who had more business than just changing out of her pyjamas to do in the bathroom. She took a quick shower, as upon her arrival in the bathroom, the mirror had told her she stank like she'd spent the last night in a night club for thugs (the offending piece of furniture promptly received a middle-fingered greeting for that; how in Merlin's earrings could the mirror smell her anyway?) and brushed her hair, so the hairy swamp monster disappeared, having been replaced by Ginny Weasley. When Ginny entered her room again, she wore black running shorts and an orange boob tube.Harry whistled appreciatively. "You look nice.""Just nice?" Ginny asked, cocking one eyebrow up and indicating to her perfectly toned body with her hands."Completely and utterly, mind bogglingly stunning," Harry replied with a dramatic look, placing his hand on his chest."Thanks," Ginny smiled, throwing her pyjamas on her bed. "Ready now?"Harry nodded, but then he suddenly swore, making Hermione glare at him. "I had a feeling I have forgotten something," he muttered. More loudly, he continued. "I wanted to stop in Gringotts to get the money for the entrance and all yesterday, but I didn't and... I realised now, I don't suppose I'd be welcome there, for some reason."Ron, Hermione and Ginny laughed. "No; why would you think that?" Ron said in a mock-surprised voice."I don't know; it couldn't be because we pretty much destroyed the insides, could it?" Harry played along."You two are so stupid," Ginny muttered with her head in her hands. She was truly surprised how easily she could laugh at something that had nearly given a heart attack when she first heard about it. 'Well, it's not like it's rare for them to get into such insane situations,' she thought dryly."Don't tell me you mind," Harry grinned. "Um... but what now?""Harry, didn't Bill enter your vault once?" Hermione questioned."Yeah... but I'm not gonna bother Bill for this.""That's not what I meant; if Bill could enter your vault without the goblins protesting against it, why couldn't Ginny?""Me?""Well, seeing as there are so many Ginnys that we know..." Ron trailed off."Oh, shut up. Do you think they'll let me? I mean, Bill works for Gringotts."Hermione shook her head. "Working for them surely can't automatically give him access to all vaults.""Yeah," Harry said, taking his vault key out of Hagrid's mokeskin pouch and pressing it into his girlfriend's palm. "Anyway, your mum has been in my vault, too, so I guess you just have to have the key... and preferably, no dog biscuits," he grinned."What?" Ginny asked, totally confused. "Why in the world would I need dog biscuits?""Oh, nothing, it's just that when Hagrid first took me to my vault, he emptied his pockets on the goblin's desk while he was searching for the key. The goblin was... um, thrilled.""I'd imagine," Hermione commented."Hey, who d'you think they were for; Fang or Fluffy?" Ron asked suddenly.Harry looked at him oddly. "Fang, of course! You think Fluffy would eat biscuits?""Well, I think he has to eat something other than eleven-year-olds that got lost," Ron defended his point."I was twelve," Hermione protested.Harry and Ron looked at Hermione, like, 'Seriously?', and then all three of them started chuckling. "Ah, good old times," Harry sighed."Um, do I want to know?" Ginny asked warily. Phrases 'good old times' and 'eating eleven-year-olds' didn't belong together in her mind, but it looked like she was the only one in the room who had this opinion."No," Harry, Hermione and Ron chorused at the same time.Ginny shook her head at the trio. "So, back to the point. You're saying that I shouldn't have a problem accessing the vault?" After receiving an affirmative answer, she continued, "Um... and how much should I take? Thirty Galleons?""Oh, no," Harry said, "I thought about... sixty or so should be enough... or, no, take seventy, so we'll be sure we've got enough.""That much?" Ginny gasped. She suddenly felt nervous at handling such a big amount of money."We'll be having lunch there," Harry said."And so?""And Ron is going to have lunch, too.""Oi!" Ron shoved the laughing Harry down from Ginny's bed he'd been sitting on."Ron, you can't deny that you eat much," Hermione, ever the logical one, pointed out."Yeah, but... not worth forty Galleons!""Okay, okay, don't flip out on us. The entrance only would cost about thirty anyway," Harry rolled his eyes."Um, thirty... Galleons? It's a wizarding water park?" Hermione asked."What? No, it's not. Err, Ginny, you'll have to exchange the money... somewhere." Harry scratched the back of his head sheepishly."When you enter the bank, the first three goblins on the right do Galleon - Pound transactions," Hermione put in."Thanks," Ginny said. "Ugh, I feel like I'm going on a... quest or something. Um, you'll wait for me here, right?""No, I'll be in the attic, chatting with the ghoul," Harry said seriously.Ginny pouted. "Will you really? I thought I was the one you liked! And now I hear that the moment I'm off, you're going to run to your secret lover. I should've seen the signs when you wanted to invite him to the water park..."Harry sighed dramatically. "You caught me, Gin. I thought it could remain a secret forever, but I'll come out with the truth now. I've really just been using you to make the ghoul jealous, and it worked. I can still remember the night when he came to visit me, confessing that he's been secretly in love with me for three years, and then he jumped on my bed-"Swallowing down the urge to show Harry how well she'd chewed her breakfast, Ginny put her hand on his mouth. "That's nasty!""Mate, you're sick," Ron added, staring intently at Ginny's Harpies posters to get the images of his best friend and the ghoul out of his head. Hermione looked unable to speak."Alright, I'll omit today's session," Harry said with laughter."That's better," Ginny nodded, a grin beginning to stretch on her face. "Don't leave these two alone in here; I don't want to be an aunt yet!"Ron and Hermione both blushed and began spluttering while Harry roared with laughter."Well, I'm off," Ginny pecked Harry on the lips and turned to Ron and Hermione. "Play nice, at least in my room," she grinned before departing."That... that..." Ron huffed, struggling to find words to describe his sister with."You can't blame her for warning you, though," Harry chortled, earning Ron's glare."Oh, stop that," Hermione muttered, blushing and turning away from the boys."Alright," Harry held his hands up in surrender. "So... what are we going to- What are you still doing here?" Harry asked, addressing the last question to Ginny, who had appeared in the door."Um..." Ginny blushed. "I kinda forgot your vault's number, Harry."Harry shook his head, chuckling. "You wouldn't make a good robber; making such an amateur mistake."Ginny hung her head sadly. "Here go my future plans," she sniffed.Harry only shrugged, making Ginny huff. "Nice to know you care about my future.""I know," Harry said. "The number's 687. Hey, and didn't you want to be a woodcutter, anyway?"Ginny stuck her tongue out at Harry and ran down the stairs. In the kitchen, she said bye to her mum, grabbed a fistful of the Floo Powder and, yelling, "Diagon Alley!" she stepped into the weird green flames that always made her feel slightly sick. But what wouldn't she do for Harry, right?Preview - chapter 2:"This is an assault! Surrender all your food or I'll start... uh... belching!"So, if you can be a good reader and review, you'll find out what it's about! Nah, kidding, you'll find out anyway, but reviews will make me happy :)
