Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or any of the characters.A/N: Wow, I'm writing again. I make no promises about this story, but I want to get back into writing ff again and I've been obsessively reading these Dramione heads stories so I decided to try my hand at it. We'll see where it goes. Anyway, read and review please! That might encourage me to continue. Thank you!"Hermione!" Ginny yelled from downstairs, "Our Hogwarts letters are downstairs!"I jump off the bed, excited. Thanks to Voldemort, my year at Hogwarts didn't get the chance to take their NEWTs as they should have, so Professor McGonagall, who is now the headmaster at Hogwarts, has decided to allow us to, if we choose, return to Hogwarts as eighth years and finish our schooling as we should have done last year. Ron and Harry have decided not to take the opportunity as they were both offered jobs as aurors. I was also given the opportunity, but refused that offer. I have no desire to spend my whole life fighting. I am proud of what the three of us have accomplished in the fight against Voldemort, but I am happy to be able to focus on other things now. With that goal, I have decided that I should finish my schooling and then apply for a job in the Ministry.Ginny meets me at the bottom of the steps, handing me my letter and then we both rip them open at the same time. Something heavy drops into my hand and I look down, automatically filled with excitement."Ginny!" I exclaim, pointing to it. I can barely find the words because I am so happy."Oh my Godric! You're head girl! Congrats!" Ginny engulfs me in a hug and then I run back up the stairs to tell Harry and Ron the awesome news."Guys, look! I'm head girl!" I announce as I enter into Ron and Harry's room."Wow, congrats, Hermione! I always knew you would get it!" Harry smiles and hugs me. Then we look at Ron, who hasn't said a word."Yeah, Mione, that's great," Ron says, forcing a smile on his face. Seeing that makes the very real smile drop off of my face.I sigh and sit down on the bed next to him, "Ron, we talked about this. I know you don't want me to go back to Hogwarts, but it's what I need to do. I don't want to be an auror and my schooling is, as you most certainly know, very important to me. Please don't be angry and sad that I'm going."Harry looks at the two of us and walks out the door. He's sat through enough of these conversations to know that he isn't going to change Ron's mind and that it's easier to let me try to get through to him without him sitting there."Hermione, I don't want to be separated from you, not knowing that you're safe. I want to be with you, just in case.""Nothing's going to happen. Voldemort's dead; Harry killed him. We won't be in any danger, especially not in Hogwarts. You have to trust me. And if I do need something, all I have to do is send you an owl. Plus Harry has the Marauders' Map so you two can check up on me, if you really feel the need.""What about our relationship, Mione? I love you and I don't want to not be able to see you all the time."I sigh again, knowing that this was a roadblock we were going to hit eventually. I just didn't want to hit it yet. "About that, Ron. I've been doing some thinking and maybe we should take a break for a while. You're going to be busy with auror training and I'm going to be fully focused on my studies. We shouldn't be expected to make time for each other, when we both know how difficult it will be. When I get out of Hogwarts, things will be different, but for right now, maybe a relationship isn't the right thing.""Are you breaking up with me?" Ron asks, looking up at me. I can see the confusion in his eyes."Yes. Well, sort of. Think of it like Ginny and Harry breaking up for the sake of keeping Ginny safe from Voldemort." That was kind of a lie, but if it kept Ron from begging me to stay with him, then I don't mind telling it. Honestly, this relationship isn't quite working out and I'm starting to believe that the two of us aren't in love with each other as much as we think and instead love each other like a brother and sister would love each other."But why, Mione?""I'm going to be stressed out trying to make up for lost time at Hogwarts and you're going to be so busy. I don't want the stress of a relationship on top of that, and I'm sure you'll realize that you don't have the time to worry about a girlfriend either. This will be better for us, I promise." I smile at him and then I get up, "I'm going to go check to see if your mom needs help with dinner."
