1/A Very Wet DreamHarry and the rest of the Gryffindor team trooped into the changing rooms after yet another victorious match against Slytherin, they had barely scored more than 40 points each before Harry caught sight of the snitch and made a dive for it. Soaring though the Chasers and Beaters, he streaked along after the tiny golden ball. He knew he would make it and caught it with a flourish. He held it up in triumph while taking the time to smirk at Draco Malfoy, Slytherin's Seeker. Malfoy's eyes were ablaze with fury, which struck a feeling in Harry, one of which he had never felt before. He didn't have time to dwell on this however because as he landed he was swamped by the rest of the Gryffindor team, cheering and whooping along with many of his school friends in the stands.Harry sat in the changing room for a long while after the rest of the team had left, although not before patting and congratulating Harry once again. Harry had thanked them graciously, but really he just wanted some time alone with his thoughts. He went to the showers, stripped down and stepped into the warm water that washed over his muscles easing the tension. As he stood there in the warmth he replayed the game in his head, as he did after every match. He remembered smirking at Malfoy, and that look he had given Harry. Even thinking about it brought that feeling back. Malfoy had been angry, but it had been directed at him, only he had occupied Malfoy's thoughts in that moment. At that thought Harry gave in to the pleasant sensation in the pit of his stomach, he could feel himself growing hard as the hot water pounded down over his body. He reached down and lightly stoked his length, then, faster and harder until he was rapidly losing control of himself and the only thing he could think about was Draco Malfoy. He moaned Draco's name against the wall as he allowed himself the sweet release that followed that name.Suddenly, he heard a movement behind him, he quickly shut off the shower, grabbed his robes and invisibility cloak  which he had gotten into the habit of taking everywhere  he draped the cloak around his body clutching his clothes, not daring to move to put them on. Harry's breath hitched as none other than Malfoy sauntered round the corner into the shower cubicles. Harry stood motionless as he watched Malfoy undress for the shower. Harry felt that warm sensation again but willed it away. When he heard the water running he tried to move out of the room as quietly as possible, but catching sight of Malfoy, water rolling off his perfectly toned back, Harry was stunned into stillness once more."Like what you see, Potter?" Malfoy said with his back still turned towards Harry. He tried to make a dash for the exit but Malfoy caught him before he had a chance to leave. He pulled the cloak onto the floor and smirked unashamedly at Harry, who suddenly had the most horrible thought that Malfoy had heard his shower... activities before he came in. In that moment, Harry also became aware that he was still very much naked save for his robes that he held in front of his body."Malfoy... I... I wasn't... I was just...-""I know what you were just doing, Potter", Malfoy drawled "And I would just like to know why you were saying my name as you were doing it?" He smirked.Harry blushed "But I wasn't. I didn't mean..." He trailed off, transfixed by Malfoy's eyes, shining in anticipation, the way they always did when he was forming some wicked plan."Well" Said Malfoy "Don't you remember anything? Naughty children deserved to be punished. Get on your knees, Potter.""W-what? I don't understand" Harry stammered. The steam and the intense way Malfoy was staring at him was starting to get Harry hot and bothered. Malfoy grabbed Harry and shoved him against the wall, causing Harry to drop his robes on the floor. They boy's naked bodies pushed together as Malfoy's lips crashed down roughly on Harry's. Harry tried to push down the moan that fought to escape, but he couldn't stop it. Nor could he stop the building pressure as once again he filled and pushed his erection against Malfoy's. He gave a shudder of pleasure and gasped as Malfoy bit down on his lower lip.When Malfoy decided that it was enough, he grabbed Harry's shoulders and forced him to his knees. Harry didn't need any further instruction and took the entirety of Malfoy's length into his mouth and began to bob his head while the blonde moaned as Harry pleasured him. Encouraged by the noises issuing from Malfoy's mouth, Harry sped up, moving harder and faster on Malfoy's length. A growl arose from Malfoy's throat that signalled the end for him, but he made Harry stay put and swallow every drop that was released into his mouth.Harry woke up in a cold sweat, that hadn't been the first time that dream had occurred, nor did he expect it to be the last. Harry looked at the clock and decided to get up and get ready for work at the Ministry, he knew there was going to be a big trial today, but for whom he didn't not know.
