and the year james blew up the gryffindor common roomVictoire doesn't think it is very wise to practice potions in the common room and she tells them so, but Freddie waves her off. He and Molly are crouched beside their young cousin, who has been laboring of his cauldron for half an hour and has attracted a crowd of other curious Gryffindors.Victoire sputters a loosely formed reply, but Molly grins and taps her prefect badge. Victoire rolls her eyes, but turns back to studying.In all honesty, he's not really practicing potions, he's mostly just throwing whatever ingredients he nicked from Professor Cherryheart and seeing what'll happen. Improvising. So far the concoction has emitted a foul purple gas that sends the rest of the common room gagging."Last ingredient," James says wickedly.The common room starts cheering wildly and he bends over to drop a few silvery hairs into his potion.There's a deafening bang and for a few moments it's impossible to see anything for the foul purple gas has taken over everything. Once the deep purple has faded to light lavender, James sits up, his hair on end and his eyebrows blown clear off.The rest of the Gryffindors are coughing, most of their robes are singed and papers and books and furniture are strewn everywhere. There is a moment of stunned silence, then Freddie starts laughing and everyone joins in.Until the common room door swings open and Headmistress McGonagall and the head of Gryffindor House, Professor Longbottom come barreling in."Potter!" she says shrilly, assessing the damage, "My office immediately!"James hangs his head and the crowd parts to let him through."Just think Jimmy!" Fred calls after him, "You'll be the first Weasley expelled his first year! Dad'll be so proud!"Molly swats him, but James' face breaks into a wide smile as he steps out of the portrait hole.....and the year three weasley's were on the gryffindor quidditch team"This is getting out of hand," Molly growled during practice. She blew her whistle and had her team descend."Aw don't be like this, Molls," James simpered when his feet hit the dewy ground, "It was just a bit of fun.""Fun won't help us beat Slytherin," she seethed, pointing an accusing finger between James and Fred, "This is my final match at Hogwarts and I'll be damned if we lose."The rest of the Quidditch team gathered around the commotion and Roxanne and Hugo rushed down from the stands, where they had been watching."Now," Molly barked, "Are you two ready to be serious or are you going to keep mucking about?""Serious," James had the decency to look ashamed.But Fred had a mischievous look in his eye and took a long sweeping bow, "Our deepest apologies dear Molly.""That's it!" she roared, "Fred, you're off the team!"....and the year the chamber of secrets is definitely not involved"Ouch," Lily hissed into Albus's back."Sorry," James muttered into her ear from behind.The three of them were crammed beneath the Invisibility Cloak they had pilfered from their father's office the previous summer. Albus had the Marauder's Map spread out between him and Lily and they were searching for a very specific toilet."Here it is," Lily whispered excitedly, pointing towards a bathroom with an out of order sign hung over it.The Potter children divulged themselves of the Cloak and examined the bathroom closely. Their father had been very vague about the entire story, only that there was a chamber, their mother had been involved, and now there was a dead monster beneath the school. But that had been enough for his children who had been determined to find it since James had begun his first year."I told you we should have brought Rose with us," Al commented, from where he was inspecting the sinks, "She would have- AUGH!""Does daddy know what you're up to?" a squat ghost moaned and floated out of a stall.All three Potters froze.....and the year ravenclaw won the house cupDominique frowned into her book in the Great Hall. She could hear her cousins, sitting at the Gryffindor table, and making enough noise to shatter the windows. Fine, she was jealous, but she wouldn't tell any of them that."A bit lonely over here isn't it?" Lucy pipped.No, Dominique had her own friends, in all houses, and she had made sure everyone in the school knew she was herself not just "another Weasley". But then again, Dominique looked over book at Lucy and Rose sitting opposite her and smiled."Not with you two."
