Undress MeChapter 1Disclaimer: I do not own anything.(A/N: Even though this video was launched in 2014, for this story, the year is still 2000)When the muggle video called 'Undress Me' got viral and millions of people saw twenty strangers undressing each other, among those millions were two curious wizards as well. Wayne Hopkins and Kevin Entwhistle. They had seen the video almost hundred time yet they couldn't understand why the people reacted in such a way to the simple activity of taking clothes off.And so they decided to do the same experiment on the wizards and witches. They would take twenty complete strangers and ask them to take their clothes off in a dim lighted room with a small bed in it.They would be keeping an eye on that wizard and witch or wizard and wizard or witch and witch in the room at a particular time and see if they react in the same way the muggles did. Will the find the entire incident, all in all, quite funny or will if turn them on?So, they started their search to find people, curious people, insecure people, scared people, damaged people, happy people, sad people all varieties of people. They actually got turned away by several people, who looked at them like they were asking them money. They got shooed by several, even hexed. Some woman found it very cheap that two strange men were coming to them and asking them if they would like to volunteer in a study where another stranger, other than those two men, would take their clothes off. And so, they got hexed again.But after talking to countless number of people, they found those twenty who were going to be part of their experiment.Angelina Johnson"Hey Angelina, how are you?" Wayne asked, in the office of the studios in Diagon Alley where the experiment was going to take place."I'm good, thank you," she replied, politely, grinning from ear to ear."Are you ready?" Kevin asked."I think so."Anthony Goldstein"What is the point of this experiment?" Anthony asked Kevin."It's you can say, something that made us feel curious about," Kevin replied.Astoria Greengrass"Can you tell us the reason why you said yes to our offer?" Wayne asked."Well firstly I know this will make my mum want to kill herself, which is good for me, and secondly, I want to meet someone new," Astoria said, running her hands through her hair."I think you might just get your wish," Kevin said.Blaise Zabini"Do you think this experiment will help me accept myself a bit more?" Blaise asked, rubbing his hands together nervously."It might just surprise you in more than one way possible," Wayne stated, patting on Blaise's back.Cho Chang"I was once in love with this boy and he died," Cho weeped, her head buried in her hands."Do you miss him?" Wayne asked."Yes. Everyday. I wish he was still with me. Oh."Cormac Mclaggen"Why are you so bloody full of yourself?" Kevin whined after hearing about Cormac's messy hair for the third time since morning."What can I say, sir. I am perfect," Cormac said, puffing his chest up proudly.Dean Thomas"How are you coping with everything?" Wayne asked."I am not coping, I am proud of what I fought for. And even though some of my friends didn't live to see the morning sun, I know they didn't die in vain," Dean said stiffly.Draco Malfoy"It was actually the first day I stepped out of the manor after completing my house arrest when you people stopped me on the streets of Diagon Alley and surprisingly, a part of me wanted to be part of this experiment very eager. Dunno why?" Draco said, looking at them with hope in his almost dead eyes."We do hope that this becomes a part of something big in your life," Kevin said.Eloise Midgen"Everyone thinks I am ugly and fat" Eloise began."Wait! What!" Wayne exclaimed. "They are fucking losers because I think you are extremely beautiful.""Thank you."Fred Weasley"How close were you to your brother?" Kevin asked."Close, we were partners in crime and work. Everything feel so unreal without him," Fred said softly as a few tears fell from his eyes.Hannah Abbott"Do you know I am going to be the landlady of the Leaky Cauldron," Hannah said, happily."Really! Are you excited about it?" Wayne asked."Extremely."Katie Bell"I was cursed in my sixth year at Hogwarts," Katia said, stiffly."How do you feel about it now?" Kevin asked."I think I am happy to be alive."Marcus Flint"I am unemployed for a year now," Marcus stated. "And my parents disowned me.""May I ask why?" Wayne questioned curiously."They didn't like my sexual preferences. Fuck them!"Neville Longbottom"I was very shy when I was young. My gran really had low expectations from me," Neville said, laughing."What does she think of you now?" Wayne asked."In a word," Kevin added."Proud."Oliver Wood"I am living my dream," Oliver stated proudly."And you want nothing else?" Kevin asked."Right now, I am fully content."Parvati Patel"I want to do something with my life," Parvati said."Then who is stopping you?" Wayne asked."Its too late," Parvati replied, earnestly."Its never to late," Kevin stated proudly.Romilda Vane"I once smuggled a love potion to the boy who lived," Romilda said, laughing."Did he?" Wayne asked."No! But his best friend did think that he was in love with me for some time. I think that is close enough."Tracy Davies"I was part of a girl bullying gang in school," Tracy said, scratching her chin."What was its leader like?" Kevin asked."She was more disgusting than vomit."Verity"What the most exciting thing in your life?" Kevin asked."I work at Weasley Wizard Wheezes and I think it's the best job in the whole wide world."Zacharias Smith"I don't believe," Zacharias stated."In what?" Wayne questioned."In anything, not now anyway.""We've got some really interesting people as our volunteers," Kevin stated proudly."You are right but the difficult thing now is to pair them up, keeping in mind their sexual preferences," Wayne stated, seriously."Yes. Now, lets get to work mate," Kevin said, clapping his hand with Wayne's.(A/N: This is just a small multi-chapter story I thought about when I say the 'Undress me' video. I hope this makes sense)Review and tell me what you think. :)
