It was that time of the month again... No, not what you're thinking. It was Diagon Alley time again. Lily could have sworn it was only a couple of weeks ago the last time she was getting ready for another year at Hogwarts. But this year wasn't just another year at Hogwarts. It was her last year at Hogwarts.Just two days ago Lily received her letter from Hogwarts; the usual message about books and equipment, along with another small surprise.Ever since Lily started at Hogwarts, she had been top of the class, except Transfiguration. That was Potter's best subject. She was good at it, no doubt about that, but Potter was better. Despite Potter's antics, Lily manages to keep up with homework and Prefect duties. The other Prefect of Gryffindor was Remus Lupin. Although he's a part of Potter's gang who call themselves the Marauders  whatever the hell that meant  Remus is the only one who Lily seems to be able to have a civilized conversation with. It seems, because of all Lily's hard work, Dumbledore saw fit to award her with the position as Head Girl, which she discovered in her Hogwarts letter just days ago. The letter didn't tell her who the Head Boy was but she was sure it was Remus. Or maybe the cute Ravenclaw boy she knew, Alex Rivers. No one knows that Lily has had a bit of a crush on Alex since the end of her fifth year. There's just something about Alex's dirty blonde hair and crystal blue eyes that look transparent in the light and glow in the dark that makes Lily's insides sizzle. She hasn't really done much about this crush though. To be honest, she doesn't have enough time for a boyfriend. Especially not this year being Head Girl and taking two extra subject and whatnot.Lily's parents get a kick out of going to Diagon Alley with her, but sometimes it's a bit embarrassing. Her parents don't usually see places like that so they're a clear indication that Lily is muggle-born. Not that she cares, but she really doesn't need the extra criticism from the Slytherin's.Today her parents won't be coming, just her two friends from Hogwarts, Morgan Reid and Louise Taylor. They all met on the Hogwarts Express in their first year and had been friends ever since. Lily didn't know anyone then, except her friend Severus Snape, but he had already gone off to see his other friends that he had been talking about. Lily had continued down the carriage, looking for an empty compartment. After searching the whole train, Lily settled for the compartment that had held two young girls about her age. Lily asked if she could join them. They invited her in and introduced themselves as Morgan and Louise.Lily got dressed into a pair of light wash denim skinny jeans, a green knit sweater and a pair of white Converses. She quickly pinned back the front section of her hair, pocketed her book list and jogged downstairs. It was about eleven o'clock and Lily's parents weren't ones to rise early on weekends. So when Lily entered the kitchen she was welcomed by the smell off eggs sizzling on the frypan. Standing at the stove was Mrs Evans, cooking the eggs. Mr Evans was sitting at the kitchen bench reading a paper. Lily's older sister Petunia was most likely still in her bedroom.Mr Evans looked up from his paper and gave Lily a warm smile. "Good morning, Flower?" Why do they always have to call me that?  Lily thought to herself."Morning," she replied, plopping down into the seat across from her dad."Eggs?" Mrs Evans asked. Lily nodded as she was served."Are you sure you don't want us to come to Diagon Alley with you?" Lily's dad asked hopefully for the hundredth time."Nah, it's okay, dad. I'm meeting Morgan and Louise, anyway." Lily replied. Her dad nodded. Mrs Evans went back to cooking and Mr Evans went back to his paper.Lily ate her eggs quietly, going through a list of things she needed to get. Her robes were fine; all she needed were her books, more potion ingredients and she though she may as well buy some treats for her owl, Effie. In about fifteen minutes she'd have to get going. Lily planned on Flooing to Flourish and Blotts then meet Morgan and Louise outside Gringotts.Her dad, as though he had read her mind, asked "So how are you getting there? Through the fire thing  whatever you call it  or apparate? I can drive you to the Leaky Cauldron if you like?""I'm just going to Floo  going through the fire thing  to Diagon Alley. Thanks anyway, dad.""Where are you meeting Morgan and Louise?" Mrs Evans asked."Outside Gringotts," Lily checked her watch, "I should leave soon.""What's Gringotts again?" Her dad asked curiously."It's the wizard bank. That massive marble building I showed you." Lily explained."Ahh," said Mr Evans, nodding his head, "I remember.""What time will you be back?" Her mother asked, slowly.Lily looked between them. "Okay, okay, what's with all the questions? What's going on?" She asked, suspiciously.Petunia entered the room and sat next to her dad."Good morning, Tuney," Lily said cautiously, hoping she wouldn't have an argument with her sister this early in the day."Morning." Petunia answered stiffly. She started eating her breakfast, looking down and not talking to anyone."Anyway," Mrs Evans said, breaking the tension. "Your father and I have something to tell you at dinner, so whatever you two are doing today, please be back before dinner."Lily couldn't possibly think what her parents wanted to tell her. Life at the Evans house was quite ordinary. Nothing really happens... Ever. That's why Lily was always so eager to get back to Hogwarts. Also because living with her sister and her sister's ugly boyfriend, Vernon, that comes over all the time."Why can't you just tell us now?" Petunia asked, rolling her eyes."It's a surprise!" Mr Evans replied happily. Lily shrugged her shoulders and 'stood up, putting her dishes in the sink."I have to get going," Lily announced, stretching and yawning, "I should be back around five o'clock. Bye!" She called to her family, walking out of the kitchen and through to the living room where the fireplace lived. Lily heard her parents say goodbye. As it always was in the mornings, the fire was lit. Lily sprinkled a handful of Floo powder into the fire before stepping in. The flames licked her skin, but did not burn her. Taking a deep breath, she said very clearly, "Diagon Alley!"
