You know how there are times where something magical happens and then you find out it was all a dream.Well, this wasn't one of those times.It all started on a beautiful summer day. The sun was shining, the birds were chirping and families were having barbecues outside.I was doing what any normal kid does on a day like today.I was in my basement/room watching Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, (for the 8th time) and was crying at Sirius' death.In case you didn't know, I'm a huge Harry Potter fan. I read each book at least 4 times and practically have them memorized, which is pretty impressive for a 9 year old.Oh, my bad. Where are my manners. My name is Ashley Macbeth and I am a huge Harry Potter fan.I have platinum long blond hair that I usually keep in a braid and sapphire blue eyes.So anyways, I knew something weird was going to happen. How, you might ask. Oh, nothing much, other than my started to glow and a voice echoed around my room."Ashley Macbeth.""Who are you?" I asked."That's not important. But I have watched you all your life and I know that you are the one I want for the job.""Watched me all my life? That's very creepy.""Never mind that. Do you accept or not?""Err Yes." I said uncertain."Amazing. Your job begins at once.""Wait. What job?" I asked."To change the events that occur in the Harry Potter series.""Wait. What?" I yelled, but the voice didn't respond. My Harry Potter books started floating off the shelf and they started glowing and spinning.Then, they created a FREAKING VORTEX.I did what a normal person would do at a time like this. I threw the nearest thing next to me, which happen to be a bowl of popcorn, and ran like jackrabbit. I managed to grab on to my bed before that thing started sucking me into itself.The weird thing was that it was only pulling me in and left the rest of the room alone.I screamed as I lost my grip on my bed sheets and that thing sucked me in.If you ever think of getting sucked into a vortex, I have to warn you. It was the worst experience of my life. It felt like I was being stretched like taffy.Then, I blacked out.My head was spinning as my eyes fluttered open. I examined my surroundings and concluded that I was in a the Dark Forest.How I knew?I was surrounded by trees. Also, everything was Dark and Spooky.Now,, at a time like this there is only one thing to do.Panic.I started breathing heavily and pacing around. I was just in my room a little while ago and now I was in the Forbidden Forest.But, then my fangirl side started taking over. I was in THE MAGIC WORLD. I wonder if I was a witch.I fished around in my pockets to see if I had a wand.Nope.But I did feel a piece of paper. A note.Dear Victim,Good luck on your mission to change the future and prevent many deaths. Yes, you are indeed a witch, but you need no wand. I have given you magic from another realm and a wand is not needed for it.I will also send you a spell book of spells that you do not know. Remember. This is very important. You must not tell anyone where you are from and who you really are. You can tell them that you know the future, by you must never tell them how.You should not leave the forest unless it plays a part in changing the future. The forest is your only protection. Your powers are strongest in the forest. I have sent a message to a few of my friends to help you out. Good luck.MPS. It is December in the year 1991. I'm a Witch? Can't leave the forest? What Friends?I decided to test my new abilities with my first simple spell. I grabbed a random rock and set it down before me."Wingardium Leviosa." I whispered.Even though I had magic now, it still surprised me when the rock started floating. I shrieked and dropped it.The surprised then quickly melted into joy. I was a witch. THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER.Then I remembered it was December. I took another look around and saw a bunch of snow.Wait, why wasn't I cold? I should be freezing my butt of right now. I looked at the ground and saw that any snow near me melted into water. I pt was like there was a huge bubble of heat surrounding me.Anyways, sounds of hoofbeats snapped me out of my thoughts. Wait, hoofbeats? There could only be one explanation for this.I turned around to face the herd of centaurs."Hello." I said, hiding my nervousness. What happened next surprised me.The each bowed to like I was royalty."My Queen. The stars have told us of the arrival of a great future seer. Welcome to your new home." One said, which I recognized immediately as Firenze.Let's just say, it was very confusing."What?" I asked."Are you the one who knows the future?" He asked.I nodded my head. They all smiled and rose."Come my Queen. It's cold out." He stuck his hand out an I took it. They led me to a small clearing in the woods.I was set down on a rock and everyone stared at me. This was starting to get a little creepy."Hello." I said again."Hello, my Queen. Might I ask, what is your name?" Asked a random centaur."My name is Ashley, but If I'm going to be Queen then I have a feeling I need a new name."They seemed to ponder this for a while. Until one spoke up."Sibyl. It means future seer.""Alright." I said. From then on I became Sibyl, Queen of the Centaurs. The most respected in the forest.
