One Day, A Potter 0ne Shot.Harry walked out to the willow tree by the black lake, Wishing he could give up his life, To see Sirius and his Parents.Harry let out a string of swear words to Voldemort, Cursing him to go die in a pit of lava and never live again.He ploped down on the trunk of the tree, Hoping that he could die, That will be perfect. He had a idea, He could fall off the astronomy tower! That could work, He would have to get out at night though.He went back to Hogwarts, Satisifed with his new plan.-P0S-He eat at the Halloween feast, savoring his last Feast, He got up and went back to Gryffindor Tower *Green-Eyed-Seeker*He got up to the Boys Dormatory and Looked at his bed. He wrote his will,Name-Harry James Potter.Age-16Died-11-00-86To my dearest friends, I am so sorry i left you, it was too much to bear on me anymore. I hope Hogwarts will rember my Accomplishments, And Achevements.To Ronald Billus Weasley, I am so sorry mate, It was too much, I hope you and Hermione get together soon, It was obvious. I leave Ronald, All the Potter Estates,Part of Quallty Quidditch Supplies and Half of Hogsmeade and Part of Diagon Alley. And 1000000000 Galleons to all your family members. Live Long My Brother all in exept blood.To Hermione Jane Granger, I'm so sorry I had to leave this way. I leave Hermione All Potter librarys and All education supplies and stuff In all Potter Esteates and Ask Ronald for those stuff. And 2000000000 Galleons, Live long, My sister all but blood.To The Weasleys, I am sorry i left, You kindness will never be lost, I leave 10000000000 galleons Ask Ronald for other things. Hope All Weasleys Live all Happy lives.To Hogwarts, I leave 100000000000 Galeons to Hogwarts for repairs and renewal to the Old Castle, Live long, My home.Good bye my friends, all other wills and testaments are null and void.Harry James Potter.I left it on Ronalds Nightstand to find it. i Left to to go to the astronomy tower. I forgot all my bad and good memerys. "Hello Mum and Dad, I'm Back..." A tear went down my cheek when i fell off. When i Hit the Ground i was no more...-P0S-It was a Sunny day at Hogwarts, Not knowing that the Boy-Who-Lived was Dead, Walked out of Gryffindor tower, And down to breakfast, When Ronald Billus Weasley would get the shocking of his life. When he went for his wand he found His wand on the Stand he found the will Of Harry, When he finshed reading it he Called out ''HERMIONE!" While running to the girls dormatories,Hermione Ran downstairs saying "What Ronald? You know its time for Breakfast, Wheres Harry?" Ronald Said "H-Here..." When Hermione read it Tears sprang to her eyes, She chuckled when she read about the part Getting Her and Ron together, They both walked to Dumbledore office in a noncheery mood when Malfoy showed Up "Oh look who it is, the Mudblood and The traitor, Wheres Your little Half Blooded Friend?"Hermione eyes started to water Alarming Malfoy. What was the mudblood so sad about? "Don't you dare try to ruin his memeory. He's Dead mind you, Look, Proof. He Handed the will to Malfoy, Reading the contents, He said, "Few Hufflepuffs Found his body by the astronomy tower, That invisablty cloak must of fallen off while he fell, I bet you the cause of death was he went off the astronomy tower after everyone was asleep." Malfoy said with out the venom in his voice, Die hard old Habbits.We were gonna come to The Headmasters office, to show him the will. "I'll come with you." Said Malfoy going with them, They didn't reject, They would know that Harry Would wanted it that way, He was probably talking with his parents or pulling pranks with Padfoot and Prongs. When they got to the gargoyle *SugarLumps* They took the sprialing staircase up to the headmasters office.*End!* AN: Thanks for reading, I will post a another chaptermof you guys when i get the chance! Look out for Indigo Child: A Novella.Bye!*waves*
