Entry for the "Art Club" at "Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry"Category: Pot LuckI hope you like it :)Ron Weasley let his satisfied gaze wander over the neatly covered table to the pans that were preparing a huge stack of vanilla pancakes, the favourite dish of his daughter Rose. Ron had a day off from the Auror Office to help is wife Hermione  she normally worked a lot from home to look after the 3 year old Rose, but at the moment she had a very important project, so they had agreed that Ron would spend the day at home while his wife could concentrate fully on her work in her office in the Ministry."Rosie, love, lunch is ready!", he shouted upstairs where he knew Rose would be playing and waited for her to run down in excitement, but there was no answer."Rose? Hurry up, you dont want the pancakes to become cold!"Still there was no answer and Ron started to be concerned, so he walked up the stairs in a hurried pace and opened the door to his daughters room, but it was empty. He just wanted to shout after her for another time as he heard her girlish giggle from Hermione's and his bedroom.As Ron opened the door he could not do anything else then smile brightly. Their wardrobe was open and various pieces of clothing and accessories were strewn over the floor and within the mess stood his daughter Rose in her favourite flower dress, wearing several of Hermione's pearl necklaces, a bowler that he had been given by Arthur, her small hands held a bag and her feet looked even tinier in the pair of pumps she was standing in."Daddy, look, I am a princess!"Ron chuckled and knelt down next to Rose and grinned:"No princess ever wore a bowler, if I recall correctly.""I wanted to look like Princess Kate", Rose explained,"she always wears hats. But mummy does not have a good hat. How do I look, Daddy? Do I still look like Princess Kate?"Rose looked a little bit concerned and sad by the thought of not looking like a princess and Ron smiled over the cuteness his daughter displayed. He gently took the bag, the necklace and the hat and lifted her out of the shoes to look at her, smoothing her red hair a little bit."Look at you... you already are a princess, Rosie! You are my little princess and you dont have to dress up for this!"Rose smiled up at him, her blue eyes twinkling in joy. She went on the tips of her toes to wrap her arms around her daddys neck while they hugged and mumbled into his ear:"Love you, daddy...""Love you so much more, honey...", Ron answered, feeling nearly just as happy as he had been at the day of Rose's birth when he had held her in his arms for the first time. "But now it is time for lunch!"He picked her up and threw her over his shoulder to run down the stairs with her, eliciting her screams of joy.
