Just a one-shot with a beginning, middle, and end. This might turn into something more in the future but this chapter would be different than it is right now.I do not own Harry Potter and if I did the story would be much longer and different.Harry Potter and the more sensible supportersLooking down at the child on the steps to his aunt's house Albus Dumbledore sighed. 'Maybe Minerva was right, even with the blood wards Harry could be hurt by the people raising him themselves! What else can I do though? This is the safest place for him.' That's when a small part of the man whispered 'But not the safest place' and a thought struck him. Where was the safest place in the wizarding world, why, that would be the very school he lived and worked at. 'With me around and the wards already surrounding the school Tom wouldn't dare do anything even if he somehow came back.' The idea of it all brought a warm smile to his lips. 'Yes, this could work out just fine; as long as I have help of course' Even the most powerful wizard in the wizarding world needed help with some things, after all, raising a child was not something he would have the chance of perfecting through trial and error and it was definitely not an easy task.As the years went by however he began to question that, raising Harry wasn't easy but it wasn't hard either. Actually, the boy seemed to be very introverted and quiet even at the age of four."Hey Grandpa? How long until you can teach me magic stuff?" Interrupted by the very thing causing his musing, Albus chuckle. "I put in the request with the minister a few days ago Harry but he has yet to respond. I don't think that he believes you have mastered your control. That is something quite rare at the age of four especially because third year students still sometimes experience it."Harry replied with a simple "okay" and went back to his room to play with his toys. Yes the boy was already capable of learning hexes and jinxes, some transfiguration, the works. He never would have been able to learn and master something hard for first year students but Harry was still eager to learn what he could.OoOoOSix years had passed of Harry receiving magic training from Dumbledore before the Headmaster said he couldn't teach Harry anymore without giving him an unfair advantage over other students. This didn't bother him though, he could just work by himself for a while, well, an entire year was hardly a while but still.At the moment the school year was about to begin and Harry idly thought about all the first that would be getting sorted, that was always the best part because of his two best friends in the school, Fred and George Weasley. Every time someone came up to the sorting hat they would guess which house they would be into. The twins were the only two people he was ever wrong about.The things said about the twins from Percy, Bill, and Charlie gave Harry the impression of not so uptight Slytherins. Of course when he watched their sorting from his spot next to Dumbledore at the head table his surprise at the two redheads being placed in Gryffindor was obvious.Thinking back to the moment his friendship with the infamous Weasley twins began Harry smiled.-Flashback-Harry was walking down the hall away from his Grandfather's office when he saw Filch's cat turn the corner in front of him and shoot off through the hallway to his right. ' ? That, she never runs, I wonder why she is now.' The nine year old brushed off the thought and continued his walk. He just barely rounded the corner when something crashed into him.Harry noted that whatever had ran into him was a person, two persons to be exact. After a minute of crawling around on the floor and trying to stand the tangled mess of limbs came undone. Looking at the persons who had knocked him to the ground Harry then thought 'Well that explains why was running.' Then his attention came to the the now empty paint buckets on the floor."Why are you two out in the halls during class?" His voice was steady and firm, as firm as a nine year old's voice could be anyway. "We could ask you the same thing." Fred started. "Yes we could and I think we will, so-" George continued. "What are you doing out in the halls during class?" They finished together.It was almost scary when the Weasley twins talked in unison, 'They probably scared their mum half to death talking like that as kids.' "I asked first, and besides I'm not a student so don't have to have a reason." That was partially true anyway, Harry wasn't a student at Hogwarts but he did have to have a reason to be in the halls. Dumbledore never let him wander around the large castle without a good reason because it was too 'dangerous'.At first he scoffed and said the school was perfectly safe, and then his Grandpa explained to him about Voldemort. The man himself wasn't a threat to Harry anymore but his followers certainly could be, after all, he killed their master as an infant. Actually, this was part of the reason he was so lonely as a child, nobody wanted to be his friend when their was someone supervising him 24/7."Ah but you see that means you should have an especially good reason." George replied."Yes, if you aren't a student then why are you out in the halls?" Fred added.Harry sighed, "The Headmaster is my Grandpa, there. So why are you two out of class; though I have suspect it has something to do with and paint."The twins grinned at him."You're right there, ummm." Fred began."Harry.""Right;Harry. The plan was to paint -""With bright colors so-""Everyone can see her-""When she spies on them, besides that-""We would also be pulling one over on Fich."Harry stared at them for a minute and then started laughing. "That-that-that would never work! Ordinary paint would wash right out of 's fur and even if it didn't a teacher would just use some cleaning spell!" Harry kept laughing while the twins looked thoughtful and slightly angry."Right then so how would you do it?" George asked."Charm the paint so it can't be washed off."Fred and George looked at each other and then back at Harry. "I think we just found our new partner haven't we George?""I think so dear brother 'o mine.""What. I never said I would help you with anything!""Oh come on Harry, you obviously have the makings of prank master! It would be sad if you didn't prank people-""That would just be a waste of talent."Harry was about to reply when Filch came around the corner. "So what do I have here? Two student out of class and young Harry in the hallways by himself?"Before anyone saw anything Harry waved his wand and there was a large splash. "RUN!" Not even looking back to see if the Weasleys were following him Harry sprinted the way had gone.Three turns later Harry noticed one of the trick paintings the house elves had shown him. Stopping in front of it he pried at the painting's side and it opened. There were only a few inches of the entrance left when Harry saw the twins coming his way. Opening the secret passage completely again he yelled at the Gryffindors "Over here!"As soon as they were in Harry closed the entrance completely.-Flashback Complete-After that day almost every prank made by the twins was assisted by Harry, and nobody wanted to get on any of those three's bad sides. As the school learned after a Ravenclaw prefect reported the three boys and she gained a storm cloud over her head for a week, their bad side was an ugly place.Now finished reminiscing Harry found himself in the kitchen. 'Perfect, now to execute the plan.' Walking past some of the house elves Harry stopped at the table where the food about to be sent out for students to eat was. With a smirk and a hint, well; more than a hint, of mischief later Harry Potter was running as fast as he could out of the room.Harry eventually slowed to a jog and then a walk when he reached the doors to the great hall. Before anyone noticed his presence the boy was up next to Dumbledore in his seat at the head table.Most of the meal had gone by as usual and students from every house were talking and eating. Then something unusual happened, it started in Hufflepuff first with the growth of boils, zits, and other facial blemishes rapidly growing on the childrens faces and then some members of Slytherin house turned into snakes.As more and more students gained more odd problems three people, who they themselves had been victimized laughed loudly, very, loudly. The three laughing students, or rather two laughing students and a almost student, were changing colors as they did so. As the colors changed some watched with awe and others with angry glares.Under the table Harry pulled out the tool that helped him the most with this prank and put his wand to it."Mischief managed."So this obviously isn't the best Harry Potter one shot but I liked it, at least some. I hope you did too!.
