Counting Our StarsDisclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, or anything affiliated with it. I do own my characters.Chapter One  Suffocation!"My mother left me with two things, her sadness and my father's guilt."!One MississippiShe could feel the water rush over her head, the icy fingers massaging into her scalp as her eyes began to close. The stars that littered the night sky above her blending in with the darkness brought on by the water.Her chest hurt. A different type of hurt, not like the knots that she had been living with for the past few years, it was a less painful hurt. A less painful throbbing. She had always thought that actually drowning would feel so much more like the knots in her chest that had always forced her to the floor. She had always thought that dying would feel like a panic. Like something where she would want to fight to see the surface again. She hadn't thought that she would be so calm, be so okay with the iciness that was surrounding her body, invading her pores and freezing her to her bones.In her sixteen years of life she had never felt so peaceful. She could feel herself sink deeper and deeper as the oxygen slowly escaped from her body. Her mouth wanted to open; her lungs were begging to inhale the life that was above the murky liquid. Her body moved on its own accord, her mouth opened and she could feel the water rush past her teeth, down past her throat and invade her lungs. She knew she should be panicking, she knew that she should be pumping her arms to reach the surface of the lake. But she couldn't bring herself to do so; the water was already warm, like a warm blanket on a cold day. A cocoon that she didn't want to leave, she might as well be selfish for once in her life.Her body was numb now, her chest no longer hurt and memories started to rush to her. Like a movie reel playing at supersonic speed. She felt herself get pushed and shoved into the different scenarios. The moments that made her feel high and moments that made her feel low. The moments that she didn't remember witnessing. She watched in curiosity as a dog and deer chased after one another in a field. She couldn't make sense of it. She was almost positive that she had never witnessed any of that before. But before she could watch any further, she felt herself get yanked into another memory. She lived each memory for what seemed like forever before she watched herself sink into the lake. The lake that she had sat beside so many times, invisible to the rest of the world. Reading the books that her mother had stashed away years before she had went away.Her mother's smiling face appeared for only a moment, and she stared. She had forgotten what she had looked like. She didn't have pictures of her or anything; her father had ripped up any memory of her a few weeks after she had left them. When everything had finally settled. When they both realized that she wasn't coming back. Everyone had said that she had taken it well for being such a young age. They just didn't know. They didn't realize that she had learned how to fake it from her mother.Turns out, the only thing her mother left her daughter besides her books were her skills in art and her incredible knack for lying. The phrase, "I'm okay." Had never sounded so genuine. Add a brilliant smile to cover up the pain and everything was going to be okay. No one was going to ask questions. Everyone was too dense to see past the cover up. Too busy to realize that she was drowning.And with a blink the picture of her mother faded and the scenes she just relived were once again memories and no longer the present and everything was okay. Because the knots had finally disappeared, and she was sure that if she could she would have smiled. Her first real genuine smile since her mother had left.She never felt the splash in the water or the hands that wrapped around her waist.Two Mississippi "Go get Madam Pomfrey!"Voices. She had always wondered that if people sounded the same as they did in the afterlife. The specific one sounded an awful lot like one of her fellow classmates. But names were just sludge in her mind, words were foreign. And she was sure that he was far away from her. She could hear shouting, the ground shaking. The soft sounds that sounded so far away were quickly becoming loud. So loud it was almost deafening. She heard pops in the air and her chest hurt so badly. It hurt like someone was putting pressure on it, she wanted them to stop. She wanted it all to stop. The voices began to shout and her head began to hurt, the numbness that was like a warm blanket was being ripped from her body. The icy fingers that she had felt in the beginning were slowly creeping back up her limbs. Her chest was screaming and she could feel a hot pressure against her lips. Her lungs started to convulse, and the world suddenly brightened to the point where she was being blinded. Shapes began to swirl around her, her eyes shot open and she could finally see. See the people who had brought her back.She had been so close.He was inches from her face when her eyes finally opened. Her body had turned a shade of gray that he was sure that he had been too late. He had watched her jump in the lake and at the time he had thought that the weird girl that everyone made fun of was just being exactly that, weird. He had watched her float on top of the black lake. Had watched her stare up into the clear night sky for a few moments and then watched as her pale skin slowly disappeared beneath the surface. He didn't know how long he had stood there and watched, but within moments he had felt his body moving on its own accord going from a simple stride to breaking out in a full run. It felt like he was on autopilot, kicking off his shoes and diving into the black water.When he had surfaced his mates were running up to the bank of the lake. He was shouting for Madam Pomfrey the moment he broke the surface and stumbled onto the grass. He had leaned above her and all the classes in CPR that he had took as a muggle joke with his girlfriend suddenly came to mind. He pushed against her chest and breathed air into her lungs.He had never known that her eyes were so green. She had always just be another student in the corridors, a girl that kept her head down and rushed from class to class. But now standing above her he couldn't help but feel the warm relief shoot through his chest. She wasn't dead. She was staring right at him."Are you okay?" He asked, his voice a whisper. She stared at him, her green eyes boring through him. Her plump lips blue, he watched as her teeth chatter against each other and her chest heaved as it took in large amounts of air.The nurse was already there and he could see the horrified look on her face as she rushed towards them, the headmaster behind her along with a few different professors. He nodded towards them and began to move away from the girl lying on the grass, but was stopped when her hand clutched ahold of his robe."Why?"He paused and stared down at her. He had never heard her speak before. It shouldn't have shocked him as much as it did. He didn't care that she had never spoken to him. He had went the past six years of his life without ever giving her a second glance, even focusing some pranks on her to please some of his ex's. He never felt bad about them, she was just a bystander. Just a girl who let the world run over her. It wasn't like he was ever going to speak to her. Even when he was forced to be partners with her in potions, he hadn't bothered to speak to her. They both worked silently together, well she worked silently as him and Prongs joked around. Her voice was sweet, soft even though he could hear it stutter from her body temperature.But the real shock to him was her question. She had asked him why he had saved her, when he was pretty sure that she was dead. She hadn't been breathing when he carried her out of the water, she didn't have a pulse. It had been because of his quick thinking that she was even alive. Breathing on the ground as the teachers crowded around her. Speaking to her in urgent and hushed tones. But her eyes never left his. Her green eyes never broke contact until he exhaled and turned to rejoin his friends. But he could still feel the orbs pierce through his back, making him turn his head and glance back. His wet hair dangling from his head and his breath turning into steam in front of his face."Mr. Black, please meet me in my office in thirty minutes."He nodded an acknowledgement at his professor and looked back at the girl he saved. She was no longer staring at him; instead her eyes were focused at the night sky. And her question still lingering dangerously in his brain and then he remembered.Her name is Willow.She was alive.They had told her that it had all been touch and go the night that he had revived her. The pureblood heir to the Black family had brought her back from the other side and by muggle remedies no less. Who would have thought a marauder would have been the one to do that. She could see Remus possibly doing it. He was smart, very lovely, and he was known to be the nicest of the group. But not Sirius. She hadn't known what to think when her eyes had shot open and the first thing that she seen was in fact the guy every girl in the school adored.She reached up and touched a strand of her hair and pushed it behind her ear. She had been trapped in the hospital wing since that night. The nurse worried about her mental health, even though she had told her countless of times that something in the lake and pulled her beneath its surface. They had been hesitant with her excuse but it had seemed like it had done the trick. But with everything that had happened, they had thought that it was for the best that she stayed in the hospital wing. With it being such a traumatic experience they wanted to monitor her. So she let them.She watched in silence as different students arrived throughout the day to drop off homework for the classes that she had missed, and watched as they snuffed her. She watched as different students came in for remedies because of their stupid action. She was a wallflower. She wasn't noticed, and that was something she both liked and disliked. When she wasn't watching the different people come and go she would be staring out of the large window behind Madam Pomfrey's desk. It overlooked the lake and some of the quidditch pitch. And all day long, for the eight hours that class was in session she would stare out into the empty air, letting her thoughts run away from her.They tried to ask her about what she was feeling, but every time she would just shrug and turn her attention back to the scenery. When she was catching up with her homework she could feel the nurse watch her with intense eyes. But each time she would ignore the prying looks that she got. She could feel them try to break down her defenses and figure out what was going on with her. But it was always the same; they always bought the smile that she beamed at them. It was the same smile she had been smiling for years, the 'I'm okay' smile, he 'I'm happy.' smile, the 'There is nothing wrong.' Smile. She was a pro; she'd been doing it since she was old enough to know that it wasn't okay to frown and be sad.They had slowly been allowing her back into the student life and having been in the hospital wing for a week in a half she was finally being discharged. The nurse deeming that she was stable enough to return back to her classes and interact with her fellow peers. It was a few weeks before Halloween when she was told that she could finally return back to her dormitory, on the condition that she would come back to the infirmary every week to check in with a psychiatric healer. She had agreed, smiling her fake smile the entire way.It was after dark when she finally gathered her things and pushed past the large hospital wing doors. Exiting the sterile environment she slowly made her way towards the Gryffindor common room. She stopped momentarily in the corridor outside of the hospital wing and waited patiently and mentally counted down from three.Two.One."Willow." She whispered from the shadows and watched as a soft smile formed on her best friends lips as she turned towards her hiding spot. Amora stepped from the shadows and approached her friend in caution. She had been sorted into Hufflepuff years ago when they had both started Hogwarts. She had hoped that she would be sorted in her brunette friend's house but unfortunately her meek and shy ways stood out the most. That and she really wasn't all that brave. She didn't like confrontation and she would rather just hide in the shadows, using a charm that her mother had taught her before school had begun in her first year.She hadn't expected to make friends at the school. She was a loner on every level. But on the train that first day she had ran into Willow, a short girl with a willowy figure and long brown hair and green eyes that seemed to glow so eerily that she couldn't help but stare. They had formed a friendship that day, and for the next few years they had stuck together even though Amora had been sorted into Hufflepuff and Willow into Gryffindor. Every holiday Amora would ask for Willow to go home with her and every year her friend would agree. That was until their fourth year when she noticed that Willow had lost her spark. Her haunting eyes were more haunted than they had ever been before and her friend who once would sometimes speak her thoughts all but quit speaking them. Her demeanor turned cold and her attention was always everywhere but where it should be. Her interests had died, all of them except for her painting. This was something that Amora tried hard to keep Willow interested in by buying her constant amounts of painting and supplies.Blowing her blonde hair out of her face she stood in front of her friend."Willow," she spoke again, her voice taking on a shy edge. "What happened? They wouldn't let anyone see you."The brunette in front of her stared at her, her eyes piercing into hers and she shrugged as she motioned for her to follow.She had been frightened. She had heard through the grapevine that she had drowned and she had actually died, but it was because of the Sirius Black that she was still alive. He had rescued her from a creature that lived in the black lake and had breathed life back into her by using a muggle technique that he had learned as a joke with his on again off again girlfriend.Amora wasn't stupid. She knew the rumors were bullshit the moment that they hit her ears, but she still went out of her way during transfiguration one day and approached him. To say thank you. It had shocked him and he was stared at her for a few minutes in curiosity before she finally introduced herself and thanked her for saving her only friend. When she had mentioned Willows name she saw that his eyes light up in interest. Only her friend would make one of the most popular and slightly dangerous guys in the school interested by drowning. Willow was good like that. But he didn't know the half of it. The danger that lurked in her best friends mind and heart. He didn't know her past and Amora was almost 100% positive that the drowning hadn't been an accident, and she could tell by his eyes that Sirius knew that too. He had broken himself away from his friends and led her away from them to speak to her.Their conversation had been short. His questions had flown out of his mouth at a speed that she wasn't used too. She stuttered over her words but she knew she had kept her answered simple and didn't disclose any information that her friend would tell. When she had left him, scurrying away from him and past his friends with her head ducked she knew that she had only sparked his interest more. They were sixth years, they weren't daft.Amora watched her friend carefully as they walked through the corridors, watching as the light bounced off the angles of her friends face. They had grown up since their first year, and throughout the years she couldn't help but admit that her friend had grown to be beautiful. An exotic type of beauty that only a few could appreciate. Guys looked at her, Amora noticed. She noticed everything. She had a gift when it came to knowing things. And she knew that was the reason why her friend had started to distance herself from her."You know," She started as she glanced around the dark corridors to make sure that no one was listening. She had to be careful. Her friends' drowning was a hot topic right now. Especially since the Sirius Black saved her. She didn't think he could be any more famous in their school, and then her friend had to go and get saved by him. She was used to getting proved wrong. It happened on a daily basis when it came to the more popular crowd. "You at least should tell me when and if you decide to go drown yourself."Willow didn't respond for a few moments as she tucked her long hair behind her ear once again."I didn't know that it was going to happen. You know how it goes." She whispered. "I'm sorry."Amora stopped walked and stared incredulously at her best friend who just kept walking, not noticing that the blonde had stopped. She was halfway up the stairs when she turned and looked back at her."I'm sorry?" Amora whispered her eyes wide in disbelief. "I thought you died. And I just get a sorry, I'll let you know next time I do something stupid like that?"The brunette turned her attention to the sleeping paintings that hung on the stone walls and began to bite her lip. A sign that she was uncomfortable with the situation. Shaking her head the blonde moved towards her friend tilted her head to the side."You're all that I have Willow. If you leave I don't have anyone.""I know." She whispered in reply before letting her hair fall from behind her hair and drape in front of her face. She intertwined her fingers with her friends and pulled her up the stairs and led her towards the Gryffindor common rooms."I love you Weeping Willow." She murmured as she stopped in front of the entrance. Squeezing her friends hand before she turned and walked toward her respective dormitory. Willow stared at her as she retreated and whispered into the quiet air."I love you too Amora Borealis. "!AN: I had never written a Harry Potter Fanfiction before. So I hope you guy's won't be too brutal with me the subject that I'm writing about is very near and dear to my heart. Enjoy and Review. This will be a relatively short story. Probably 10 chapters at most. Not sure, figure it out then.
