A/N Hello :0I decided to put this up because its been sitting in my folders for at least a year now, gathering dust and lookin' pretty, so I figured if I posted it up maybe someone would like to read it and I'd gain some pressing motivation for writing.I'm going to tell you straight out. This is going to be a "Harry get's himself a male harem fic, yes they are going to do it with one another" fic. The joy :DMy policies go, if you don't like, don't read. Otherwise, welcome fellow slash fans~It's also a creature fic, and that is going to play quite a large part in the latter half, probably.Basically, I've just written a fic that I'm completely and utterly, just enjoying myself with ahahaahahahah...hahA lot of things happen in this chapter, some of which will not be addressed until later chapters.It is, for all means and purposes, a very vague introduction and I hope you chose to follow the story.~Prologue  The Boy Who LivedHarry Potter was a boy a tad more mature than others of his delicate, impressionable age of 5. He had quickly learnt that, more often than not it was better to keep quiet and stay unnoticed rather than shout and draw attention, and also that his life was not the best. His aunt and uncle weren't very fond of him, neither was his cousin for that fact, unless he showed affection through hurtful punches. Then again he had already accepted that while his life wasn't getting better it always had potential to get worse. That's why he was working on a list of rules that would make them happy, not that he wanted anything more, Vernon had told him many times that he should be grateful for the roof over his head and the clothes on his back. He was, even if he slept in a tiny cupboard with looming spider webs and dressed in his cousin's over-sized hand-me-downs.Currently though, Harry was home, alone, watching a worn looking man in a tattered coat pace back and forth in front of his house. He hadn't seemed to notice the small boy peeking from between the curtains, but then again he had been trapped in his own thoughts for the past hour. Harry wondered if he was lost or maybe in need of some help. Either way having a man pacing out on the part of the pavement was not normal here on Privet Drive, and if the Dursleys came home to such a sight he might be blamed and miss out on dinner... again. Building up his courage Harry left his post by the window and silently walked over to the door, unlocking several heavy duty locks and tentatively pushing it open. The man shot to attention instantly, his shocked grey eyes catching Harry's equally surprised green ones. Harry could only stare in wonder at how familiar they looked, they were the ones the mirror had shown him when he had been caught doing something bad and wanted to run away. The staring contest continued for an unusually long time with the younger member the one to break the silence first."Excuse me, Sir," He began as politely as he could, "Is there anything you need?""Oh, ah, not exactly," The man stumbled over his words, feeling very unsure as of the moment, "You must be Harry, right? Harry Potter?""Yes, Sir," Harry replied, trying not to sound awed at the fact this stranger knew him, and by his name too. It was something he had figured out recently as well, after learning 'freak' was something mean Dudley would call him and 'boy' specifically for Petunia's and Vernon's use only."Really?" The man stepped closer when he nodded before catching himself, looking very indecisive, "Well Harry, how are you?" From his place behind the door Harry wanted to smile. The man seemed awfully polite, even going as far as to ask how he was doing."I'm fine, and you?" The boy returned, "Are you tired? You have been pacing in front of this house for a long time""You saw?" The man suddenly looked flustered, "I guess if I'm being honest I am a little tired." Harry liked the fact he was truthful, because he did look very exhausted."Have you been sleeping alright?" He asked in concern with an expression that caused the man's heart to swell."My sleeping patterns haven't changed for the past four years," He replied with a sad smile, "You wouldn't know how to get rid of nightmares do you?""Nightmares? I have them too," Harry answered, "And wouldn't the best way to get rid of them be to wake up?""I guess you're right," The man admitted, "but what if I can't wake up?""You don't have to do it all on your own," The child responded, his words reaching a neglected part of the man's heart, "You should have a friend help you like I do.""And If I have no friends?" He asked, looking incredibly wretched."Well, I wouldn't mind being your friend." Harry decided slowly, deciding that this stranger, whoever he was, was a good person. The man did cry a little then. At least, Harry convinced he was crying, even if he couldn't see any tears.Remus Lupin introduced himself the second time he saw Harry, embarrassed he had even forgotten in the first place. That boy, just the sight of his deceased friends' child, caused his heart to tremble with uncertain feelings. He was concerned for him, frightened even, because he looked far too thin in Remus' opinion, especially when compared with the whale of a boy that was his cousin. He knew that the Dursleys were well off and that left him to question why Harry had appeared so neglected. They must have had more enough money to spare on some clothes for the boy, but each time Remus visited he was still dressed in the same worn, oversized hand-me-downs. Then again he had learnt not to expect much from the hateful family, not after the lies he had found they told Harry.Just the thought made him bristle in anger and something deep inside him snarled in response. How dare they slander his parents' death and how dare they lie to him about what he was, labelling him as nothing more than a freak. But one person plagued his thoughts more than anything else. Dumbledore. What had the old wizard being doing all this time? Surely if he had seen the boy's condition in one of his promised, monthly check-ups he would have put a stop to the borderline abusive treatment. He owed Dumbledore many things, but if the wizard had lied about his visits or had simply become senile enough not to notice the smaller that average child"Remus? Are you okay?" Wide, familiar, emerald eyes looked up at him from where the boy was studiously weeding the garden. He'd have to hurry if he wanted it done before his relatives returned from their brief trip."I'm fine pup," Remus replied affectionately, placing a few pesticide-like charms on the garden bed in hopes to make Harry's job easier in the future. It had been a year since they had first met, littered with moments of tentative bonding and unbelievable truths, and it had taken more than half that time for Harry to believe he was a wizard."Lupin?! What in Merlin's name do you think you're doing here?" Remus' head snapped around. Foolishly he had let his guard fall, so lost in thought he had never noticed the potential enemy approach him."Snape," He greeted evenly, attempting to appear calm and in control, "I'm here to see my godson.""Dumbledore forbade-""Dumbledore forbade me from adopting Harry," Remus interrupted Severus' stern disapproval with a quiet snarl, "I know what he said, and he never barred me from seeing Harry, that, was my own cowardice.""You" the potions professor trailed off. There wasn't anything he could really say since the mutt hadn't been incorrect."So Snape, now we've discussed my reason for being here, what is you're purpose?" Severus couldn't remember a time when Remus had looked so fiercely protective, that, and dangerous whilst still in human form."I was sent to check up on him, but I assume he's doing fine," The potions master stated snidely, "Mostly likely spoilt rotten.""Spoilt?" Remus growled lowly, "You couldn't be farther from the truth.""Enlighten me why don't you." Severus challenged, "What exactly could be wrong with the poor boy-who-lived." He'd rather not get into this sort of conversation right here and now. It was likely to just leave him with a headache and unpleasant feelings."I have visited Harry for two years now Snape," Remus began imploringly, "And before I even begin I want you to try and forget your hatred for the Marauders, your hatred for James and just remember that he is also Lily's son.""You want me to just forget?" Snape repeated indignantly. And of all people to have asked him..."Just long enough to hear me out without any bias," The werewolf corrected, "You were friends with Lily before any of us were. You met her before she knew even knew magic existed. Tell me, what was her sister like?" Oh, now that brought back bad memories."Petunia? She was quite a nasty little thing as a child. Scornful and envious of the magic Lily had, of the magic she did not possess. Quite mean too. I'd begun to think 'freak' was her new favourite word after she learnt the truth." Snape answered, his voice cold and disdainful ,"What is the point of that question?""That is the kind of person, Harry has been forced to live with." Remus answered."Aren't you over exaggerating? She's had plenty of years to grow out of her childish immaturity-""But what if she didn't?" Remus cut in, "It's more likely that envy, the hatred, grew with her, judging by how Harry's been treated. To make it worse, she's isn't the only one in the household that dislikes'freaks'." Before Snape could respond, the front doors of number 4 Privet drive opened, and a small miserable looking boy stumbled out. Instantly , Remus was on his feet, rushing to the boy's side, Snape standing behind and forgotten."Harry," Remus, called as he crouched in front of the boy, checking for injuries after seeing how dirty the boy was, "Are you alright? Did something happen?" Watery eyes look up at him, the green stained by a red that no doubt came from excessive crying."he died" the boy choked out, holding back more tears, "You're a wizard, can't you use magic to bring him back?" Remus was startled by the admission. Someone around Harry had passed away? Surely it couldn't be one of his relatives he was shedding tears for."No Harry, not even magic is that powerful," Remus spoke softly, his hand gently resting on the boy's cheek, "Death is the final destination. When someone leaves, there's no way to bring them back." He offered a silent comfort, holding the grieving child in his arms. Severus quietly walked up to the duo, placing a hand on Remus' shoulder to catch his attention."I think an introduction is in order." He intoned, sweeping back his robes so he could kneel beside him. Snape examined the fragile looking boy that hid tentatively in Remus' protective hold. His eyes, no matter how much he had irritated them through rubbing, were one of the brightest greens he had ever seen, mirroring his mother's. He scoffed at himself for the thought."Harry," Remus began slowly, speaking in a reassuring tone, "This is an acquaintance of mine, Severus Snape. And Snape, this is my godson Harry." Remus said the second half merely for formalities sake but made sure to add a warning growl. Severus merely raised a brow at the animalistic sound, not impressed in the slightest."Charmed, I assure you," He greeted in a dull voice, his eyes narrowing slightly as the boy held his piercing stare, "I hope for both our sakes, you become nothing like your father"Harry learnt many things from that point on, soaking up the knowledge and facts like a sponge. Remus wondered if it had something to do with the death of his mysterious friend, whilst Severus' could only grudgingly approve. His education was only beginning, but if his scores from the muggle school were anything to go by, he was a bright kid. More than anything though, he was surprisingly insightful and accepting for his age. He knew Remus was a little odd, with his dog-like tendencies and the almost, animalistic feeling he gave off, but at the same time Harry could see no fault with his beloved godfather. In Severus' case, one of the first things he had told the boy, was how much he had detested his father.That was around the point in time where Harry began to understand human nature. His father wasn't someone he had ever known. Whilst his relatives stated he had died in a drunk driving accident, Remus and Snape had spent a lot of time correcting the fact, making it so he had been murdered trying to protect a just cause. He had never known the man, and he never would. No matter how much Harry had yearned for a father, he had gained something similar, in the form of the two older wizards. And so, whether consciously or not, he took in all the information provided by said older wizards objectively. His biological father, James Potter, had been a great man but also a cruel man and Harry simply accepted that his dad wasn't perfect. No matter how many praises Remus sang, or how much slander Severus provided, James Potter was simply an ordinary man in his mind.
