A.N: Written for the Hunger Games Challenge, with the prompt Finnick Odair: Write about a ladies man.oOoNot being admired by girls wasn't something that Cedric generally worried about. It was a daily struggle, passing from corridor to corridor, with a flock of girls hot on his heels everywhere he went. His friends of course, they all found it funny, and Cedric knew that most of them were secretly jealous of his luck with the ladies. He had managed to entice the heart of Cho Chang, much to the disgust and annoyance of the Quidditch Captain Roger Davies, but Cedric didn't really care. As far as he was concerned, Roger could have her. Roger, and the rest of the male students in Cedric's year  they were welcome to his share of the girls.There was only one girl that Cedric had eyes for, but he would never tell anyone, not even her. She was like a mythical being that he wasn't even sure truly existed. She was much younger than him, too  being only in her third year. But Cedric had known her his entire life, and he had always nursed a fondness for her. Once upon a time, he had confused his feelings as older-brotherly, but now he knew differently.She was pale, with skin that looked as though it was bathed in the moonlight. Her eyes were wide and silvery-grey, with a constant dreamy, vacant look about them, and she wandered around with a dazed, small smile on her pink mouth. She skipped through corridors instead of walking, her long mass of tangled, dirty blonde hair flying out behind her as she moved, a string of Butterbeer corks around her throat, and a pair of earrings made from radishes dangling from her robes.Luna completely enticed him  she always had. Her strangeness; her unusualness; everything about her lured Cedric in. He had no interest in the plain girls of his age group  they wandered around him; faceless ghosts amidst the castle. Luna stuck out in his mind and his vision like an ethereal, shining star.She was blissfully beautiful; but Cedric would never get to tell her.
