I stand in a crowd, you would not see my faceI do not exist , how can I be out of placeNever longing looks nor vicious staresNever a glance my way for I am not there.Never a friendly nod or wave or greeting of helloI am unseen, ignored, silence greets me where ever I go.I am isolated and lonely, just looking for a friendBut no one even knows my name, invisible to the end.She sat, meant to be concentrating on her history of magic notes but instead writing her poem.Jessica had long ago delved into writing, writing thoughts she never got to say.In her fourth year at Hogwarts, Jessica was in Slytherin bit she did not fit in there. She was quiet, mousy, easy to look right through.She did not really belong anywhere. How can one belong when no one notices your existence she laughed darkly to herself.Her slytherin housemates had never uttered a single word to her, completely ignorant to her presence.She had never had a friend. As a child she'd tried so hard to create imaginary friends but she could not even do that. Knowing, deep down she was too unimportant, too boring to deserve interaction.She was invisible at home too.Born to parents who had not wanted to be so.They lived selfishly, unchanged even though they had a child. They did not care what she did as long as she left them alone.Alone to party, socialize, have fun. Without her.She instead was left with an endless string of babysitters or their houseelf, Vanda.In looks she was completely ordinary. Average height, Brown, straight hair that hung neatly, to her shoulders, mud brown eyes. Pale skin. She could see why people never paid her any attention.Suddenly something very heavy came flying at her, hitting her square in the face. Breaking her thoughts.Ink spilled over the parchment in front of her as she knocked the bottle in complete surprise.Professor Biggs had not noticed a thing and continued to drone on about the Giant Wars in his monotonous drawl.A bushy haired girl came running over." I am so sorry, my friends can be such idiots, boys right?" She pointed to a red haired boy and harry potter.Her eyes sparkled as she looked at the girl she did not recognize"I can help with that" Hermione picked up the ink splodged parchment and pointed her wand at it"Scourgify"The ink disappeared and Hermione quickly spied the poem.So sad she thought, she wondered if this girl before her really felt that way?"Would you like to join me for lunch? We can work out a way for those two to make their prank up to you"Jessica was in shockSomeone was talking to her and inviting her to sit with them. She had longed for this day.A voice scared her as it left her body, she had not had reason to use it for so long."That would be really nice" she said hopeful. Happy.
