A/N- this is just a little Hinny fanfic that I felt like writing and I'll update when I can be bothered as my main fanfiction that I'm working on is Winchester Wings. Do you want me to update this chapter as I write more or should I just completely scrap it ?~ HollyA knock resounded around the burrow. Leaping from her bed Ginny ran down the three flights of steep stairs from her bedroom to the front door, opening it quickly excitement lacing her pale face. Ginny's sea, blue eyes sparkled and a grin lit up her face as she saw her best friend, Hermione Granger standing at the door, the snow falling around her creating a winter wonderland in Ginny's... Well her parents back garden.'Hermione! Come in before you catch a cold. I thought you couldn't come for christmas because you were going on holiday!" Intrigue laced Ginny's tone as she looked at her best friend who had started to take her snow drenched, pale, pink, woollen coat off."Well, due to the ghastly weather our flight got cancelled, so mother and father agreed that I could stay here for christmas. I owled your mother to say that I was able to come. Didn't she tell you?" Hermione unwrapped her stripy, burgundy and gold Gryffindor scarf from around her neck as she looked at Ginny waiting for a response."No, she must of forgotten. I mean she has been really busy trying to create the 'perfect' Christmas for us all. I mean I don't think that any of the boys will appreciate the bother mum has gone through to try and finally have an organised christmas. Take Ron for example, he'll probably just scoff his face and leave his mess for mum and me to clean up. Making us extra work." Grabbing Hermione's arm Ginny dodged the pair of knitting needles that were creating the infamous Weasley jumpers and rapidly walked past the living room attempting to avoid her ghastly brothers or her parents. Unfortunately Ginny's luck only extended to having her best friend come over as Mrs Weasley bustled out of the kitchen just as Ginny's foot hit the bottom step on the stairs that would lead them away from embarrassment. Away from awkwardness. The stairs that would lead Ginny and Hermione to safety."Oh, Hermione dear! How good to see you!" Mrs Weasley waddled over to greet Hermione and to give her a rib crushing hug.As Mrs Weasley released her grip on Hermione, Hermione smiled and asked,"Mrs Weasley! It's good to see you too! How are you?"Mrs Weasley smiled brightly, which made her look younger, and replied,"I am very well, thank you dear. I'm so glad that you could make it this year! I'm sorry about your holiday. I'm sure that you'll have just as much fun here. I mean I know it's no five star resort but I try my best."Smiling warmly at her best friends mother, Hermione hugged Mrs Weasley again and said,"Thank you for inviting me over. It doesn't need to be a five star resort as I have my second family here with me."Behind her mothers back Ginny pulled a face of displeasure as Hermione made her mother tear up from her last comment, "Mother, I'm sorry to pull my best friend away from you but me and Hermione have some catching up to do!""Oh of course dear. You girls just go right up and I'll call you when tea's finished cooking." Mrs Weasley dried her tears on the apron she was wearing wrapped around her waist.
