Lily wants to get to know the real James because she has a not so itsy bitsy sorta kinda not really extreme, badly mild crush on a certain marauder. She corners Remus who is too shy to admit his real feelings towards the other certain marauder, to help her.With the incentive to make the two hotheaded marauders as jealous as possible they devise a Slytherin like plan to get their men.Chapter oneIt was two days after the full moon and Remus was trying his best to catch up on the work he had missed for the three days. {Day before, day of and day after the full moon} At his table in the back of the library next to one of the few windows in the whole place. He was knee deep in essays and makeup work.It was their sixth year and they were preparing for the N.E.W.T.'s next year. What a completely unfortunate time to be a werewolfWith a sigh Remus knew he had to do the Potions essay first or he would never get through it, so pulling the parchment towards him he began the hideous essay.So wrapped up in it he never heard the not so soft footsteps of a Miss Lily Evans walking up to him."Hey Remus!" she said smiling as he jumped out of his skin and held a scared hand to his chest."Merlin's Queer Uncle Lily! You scared the shit out of me.""Sorry, I thought you would hear me; I wasn't exactly being quiet." She said."I'm just struggling with Potions as per usual." He grumped."I could help." She offered as she joined him at the table."Oh I couldn't ask you to do that""Oh shush. What else are friends for?" she said pulling one of the completed ones to her and starting to proof read it."I just don't want to be getting the better end of the deal" he said fingering his quill nervously."How about this; I help you with potions and you help me with a problem I'm having?" she suggested far too innocently. Remus recognized the signs of a plot a mile away after being friends with James and Sirius for so long."What problem might that be?""You can't breathe a word of it to anyone else.""Of course not; Marauder honor." He said sticking two fingers up making her roll her eyes."Speaking of Marauders that's what my problem is.""I can't get James to stop hitting on you and asking you out. All of us have tried." Remus said automatically."No. It's not that. In fact James hasn't asked me out in two weeks. It's been rather peaceful. Too peaceful, I isortakindalikehim""Sorry what was that?" Remus asked. He had heard her but he wasn't so sure he had heard her right."I I like him." she said after taking a deep breath. Remus looked out the window and frowned. "What?" she asked."It's not raining fire yet maybe the gods didn't hear you" he said still looking at the night sky, albeit avoiding the moon."Oh shut it Remus." She said softly hitting his arms."So I take you have a plo plan?" the word plot never went over well with the redhead."Yes. I have a plan. I want to get to know him. Like a friend. Like how you and Sirius and Peter know him. But I can't do that by just being me. He would flirt with me the entire time and make an ass out of himself.""He does that anyway." Remus said with a smile."Maybe so, but if he thinks I'm there to get to know him then he will act like a toerag; as per usual. I already know that James, I want to get to know the other one.""How do you propose you hang out with us and not have him do that?" Remus was a curious being, more cat like then wolf sometimes"That's where you come in. As my stand in boyfriend." She said simply as if it were nothing."James will murder me! Have you gone round the twist?" Remus' eyes were wide. James would kill him. Lily was off limits. To everyone."No I'm being serious." Lily said pleadingly."Who's playing me again?" a silky voice came from behind them."Hello Sirius." Lily said with a smile once she saw he was alone with a large piece of parchment in his hand."Why can't you use him?" Remus asked pointing at a confused Sirius."Because it would never work; James is a tad bit smarter than that." Lily said confidently."Is it raining fire?" Sirius said ducking to look at the night sky."Why is it so unbelievable that I can be nice to James?" she asked confused for a moment. She knew she hadn't put up with their crap before but honestly."Oh no Remus I think she's been confunded; and a powerful one at that. We should take her to old Minnie." Sirius said, moving to help Lily up out of her chair to take her to wherever."Bloody hell Sirius. I'm not confunded. I just like James." Lily said yanking her arm back from the other boy. Sirius' eyes went wide and he collapsed into the chair across from her on the other side of Remus."She's dying isn't she?" he said in a somber tone."No, I am in perfect health, I'll thank you!" she said huffing and crossing her arms. "Now Remus do you agree to be my boyfriend or not?" she demanded looking at the shy werewolf."I uh umm" he stuttered looking between Sirius and Lily. Lily, the little devil, knew how he felt about Sirius. She was the only one who did.Sirius' eyes had turned dark silver with anger."I thought you liked James." He sneered."I do. That is why I am using Remus to get to know him.""And what does Remus get out of it?" he asked seething."Much needed Potions help." Remus answered holding up his essay that was covered in my handwriting that I had corrected."So you'll do it?" she asked hopeful."Yes, I'll do it." He surrendered."James is going to kill you." Sirius said in a stern tone."Who am I killing, Padfoot?" a new voice asked."Remus here," Sirius said with a proud smirk on his face."Why would I kill Moony?" James asked confused."He is dating the lovely off limits Miss Lily." Sirius answered."Oh! Oh I'm happy for you Remus Sirius?" he said before leaving.Sirius pouted looking slightly disappointed that there was no yelling but he got up and followed his best friend.Sirius had left the map behind. Once Remus saw they were out of the library he looked to Lily."Well judging by Sirius' reaction. I'll get my man and you'll get yours." Lily said with a mischievous smirk on her face. "Now let's get cracking on this essay of yours."
