A/N: This is just a sample chapter...a ROUGH draft.Think of it as a trailer.I will be posting the fair draft soon.LEAVE A REVIEW, coz, my fair draft is gonna keep those in mind.The unofficial MarauderThey both were strongly attracted to each other and it was obvious to every one who saw them together.Everyone remarked that Sirius and Cindy were made for each other, everyone except themselves. So when ever their friends teased them about it they gave many reasons as to why they are not made for each other."We are just friends.""we are not that close""We don't even get along half the time""we get along,like, only half the time""The only thing we have in common is quidditch""The only thing we have in common is our extreme good looks""He is an arrogant git""She is an obnoxious hag""I do like her hair though""I think i like his eyes""I don't like her very much""I hate him but not much""he always has a stupid nickname for me""she keeps calling me by my last name""it's maddening how she doesn't even need to put an effort to be an all rounder""its maddening how he doesn't have to put an effort to be popular with the girls""I hate his stupid hair and his stupid casual elegance""I hate her stupid nose and her stubborn chin""git""hag" they argue as they walk upto his dorm room."Will you guys kiss already" James and Lupin said, called out from the common room, tired of their bickering.And then"you wanna" softly he says with a grin."sure thing" she whispers, moving closer.They kiss.They hang out a lot, they are close, they call each other names, they also call each other endearments and also fight a lot, esp when she gets a boyfriend or vice versa (jealous?)...but finally after a gruelling quidditch match, where they win, they kiss and admit feelings for each other. They are totally crazy about each other.After seventh year she goes north, loses a lotta touch with news and Hogwarts, but knows Lily and James are dead, and Sirius is in Azkaban, and later when he breaks out and is almost engaged to the boyfriend when Sirius reappears."when he appears at her doorstep one fine day she recognises him immediately.At the sound of the doorbell, Cindy curses the post man and walks up to the door and opens it.On her doorstep is a rugged, haggard, haunt looking man in his thirties. His eyes were sunken as were his cheeks. His clothes were dirty and tattered. She recognised him, though, it was nearly fifteen yrs ago that she had last met him.He grinned at her"long time no see"he saidAnd then not caring that he was an escaped convict, not caring if the rumors about him were true, not caring that he looked weak and gaunt, she walked up to him and kissed him.Sirius was only a little taken back. He snaked his arms around her and kissed her back. They clung to each other, and then she broke away."come in"she clothes him and feeds him and shaves him until he is healthy and good looking again and he remains with her for some time. She works in the ministry in the north as an auror. So she is able to shield him better.It is from her house that Sirius uses floo to talk to Harry in 4th yr. Later he says he has to go back, to Grimmauld place and work for Order. Fight voldie."Will I ever see you again?" she asks"when the war is over and my name is cleared""Seems like a long time"Sirius shrugs, tracing a finger along her jaw."So I guess this is a goodbye then""I guess it is." she kissed him on the lips a small lingering kiss.He wanted her to come with him to London. But she had already risked everything to keep an escaped convict safe in her home. He couldn't Ask her to risk her life being seen with him in London. Oh, she wouldn't mind. He knew her too well. In terms of reckless behavior she had been same as him and James at Hogwarts. That was why she was the unofficial marauder. Except she never got caught. She was far too smart.And she never hexed anyone for fun. She was far too good. Still he had to ask-"come with me?""love to sugar," she said and smiled sadly, " but I can't. Atleast not now. I've got a big assignment coming up in the ministry and I ll be expected there"(They hug and linger a little long. When they break away they kiss deep and he gazes long at her face.)"You are beautiful""yeah n you better remember that ""I will always remember tat" he said, and thought of her living in her big house all alone " why didn't u marry all this time?""Guess I was waiting for the love of my love""you have any contacts with the Sattner guy?""Yeah...we work together.""he seems like a nice Guy you can marry.""He's not you.""Cindy, if I don't make it in this war-""I don't care""Cindy-""Don't insist, Black" he knew that tone, the stubborn tone which meant her mind is already made up and not even Voldemort could change it. It was all he could do to stop himself from pulling her into his arms.He reached out and cupped her face and looked intently into her eyes"I love you," he said, his voice silky smooth."I know," she said again, " and you better remember that too""I always will" Sirius moved in to kiss her cheek."Good."("I love you, Sirius"she said at length. He nodded."yeah I know")(She threaded her fingers in his hair and pulled him into a kiss that he passionately returned, not wanting to let go at all. She eventually broke away. )"Now go" she said not harshly.He smiled once and then turned to go.Sirius stepped into the dark and moved away. His cloak rippled in the slight breeze that gently swayed the trees ahead.And Cindy watched him go until she could watch him no more.Think of Sirius as a womanizer although he doesn't like a lotto girls who are crazy about him. There is one girl in the quidditch team who is bold and carefree, a lot like him...he likes her although it's not clear to any how much or even to himself...she also likes him and it's not clear to any how much or even to herself...they enjoy each other's company...she is very vivacious and physically verystrong brainy brawny and beautiful ...she is also alright with breaking rules... In fact she is considered as an unofficial marauder...One time after winning the quidditch finals, there is celebration in the common room, every one is happy, she is pleased with herself and Sirius is so proud of her...they are near the fireplace and then sometime during the party (everyone finds them,) she has her legs wrapped around him and hes lifting her up and holding her and... they both are kissing, slow and sensual and sexy, quite seriously...only few see them ...his dark hair falling to his eyes as he looks up at her and her curly hair falls almost to his face as she leans over and kisses him...he carries her to his room OR they both go to room of requirement and shag "come with me" (both a question and an answer)he murmurs softly sexily against her as he takes her to RoR "let's go sugar/darlin'/then let's move/love to sugar" she says back equally sexySirius Blacks bloodline survives through some long forgotten affair...the quidditch girl leaves to north to pursue her area of interest."I'm going North after Hogwarts. If u ever get tired of life, come find me." "Sure will darlin'"When Sirius goes into hiding, he goes North and he meets her there passions rekindle and she gets pregnant on purpose and doesn't tell him.( She has heard that he is in Azkaban, for murder but doesn't believe it or doesn't care). He returns to meet Harry in goblet of fire.Her name is Cindy Colbert.As the next adventure Albus and James and Lily and Scorpius get into they can explore the marauder memories. Cindy has a collection of everything about Lily and marauders.Besides, James and Sirius had preserved their Hogwarts memories in a place that is accessible only to marauders and the descendents and relatives of marauders. They preserved it in Memory bank at Room of requirements. Or some other location.Or entrusted it to Cindy. Sent to her as parting present so that she will "always have the marauders with her" She left for North because her parents were worried about Voldemort, they didn't want to be involved in a war.She later comes back to London and Harry gets to meet Sirius' son who looks exactly like Sirius So Harry first thinks he's seeing a ghost. His name is Sirius Black is 25/24 when albus is 11, and she is 56.How about a twin sister for him too. Celine Black, who looks like a female version of Sirius and is beautiful.Cindy has a memory in which James and Sirius preserve the memories of their childhood in a secret place in Hogwarts.They had decided from their second year that they were "far too famous to be forgotten" and also wanted to "set an example for future generations.Luna who is writing a memoir for the Marauders"The lost lives of Marauders" or "the lost marauder"is collecting memories and information about everything for the book, from old school friends, distant relatives, the werewolf pack of Remus, Blasted off relatives of Black family, distant relatives of Malfoy, and distant relatives of Weasleys etc. She gets the background memories of Potter and Sirius too. The book becomes a bestseller.The next gen characters try to find out the memories, try to find the resurrection stone, elder wand, fight the remnant of death eaters, find mad eye Moody's eye, try to become animagus, get into the lake, get into the forest, access the st mungos to visit Lockhart to ask about something, go to the ministry to see Hermione, get into trouble lose the wand and get elder wand from dums grave, have a tea party in chamber of secrets.If Lily became an animagus she can be a Griffin. Scorpius can be a snakethey create a map for the ministry and the hospital. They become the next Marauders/Scavangers(James, Albus, Lily, Rose, Mina Patil, Lysander and Scorpius) They leave messages "Marauders/Scavangers are back, enemies beware." " Chamber of pots opened again. Enemies of the heir beware."A/N -I need your opinion on this, because my fair draft is gonna keep it in consideration.So please, REVIEW 
