"I don't think this is a good idea," a nervous voice sounded in the darkened room. A classroom who's last class was over six hours ago.A chuckle met his ears, "and why's that?""We could get caught," he offered. Not a good enough reason."And since when have you been worried about being caught out after curfew?"A hand came and brushed his arm and he jumped back, "that's not what I meant."His avoidance prior didn't stop the other person who used it to their advance, pressing him into the wood of a desk. It creaking under the pressure."You know you're really ruining the mood..." the other boy sounded disappointed.He sighed, "I'm sorry... this just isn't who I am." That was the truth, right?"I think it is.""I don't...I don't know anymore," he was suffocating by the other boy's presence. The same way he always found himself whenever he was around. In class, the hallways, even out in the open air above the pitch. When he was around, he felt as though he was choking.A dark chuckle, "Who better to figure it out with?" Their lips covered his quickly, driving any thoughts from his head. They pulled only millimeters away when he spoke again, their breath puffing against his lips. "But it's up to you. You can tell me no." Another heavy kiss followed his words.When they broke apart he laughed hollowly. "I suppose you're correct," he spoke as lips trailed down to the edge of his neck, nipping sharply at sensitive skin. He was sure the other boy could feel his exaggerated swallow.The other boy kissed the corner of his mouth, their hands moving lower down his body, "Aren't I usually?""Shut up, you talk to much." All he could focus on were a pair of hands, one placed on his hip to steady him and one provocatively dipping underneath clothing.I triumphant smile could be felt against his skin,"As do you, love."What followed continued on for most of the remainder of the school year. Months of secretive bliss. He knew it was wrong, his friends would be disgusted by it. And who the other boy was didn't help that case. The other boy didn't care. He was happy having him in any way that he could. He kept their, dare I say, relationship a secret from everyone. It was just easier for all parties that way. Both of them knew what would happen if someone were to find out.At the end of their sixth year, they each were struggling with their own and very prominent demons. They saw each other less and less as time passed. Secretive weekly meetings in the room of requirement faded until nearly each time one of them stood the other up. Bottled up emotions would wreak havoc on the occasions that they did manage to see each other. It got messy. It was problematic. It was wrong.After all, there was a war brewing.-Author's Note-Hello there lovelies. This is a little something different from what I normally write. This chapter is more so to set a scene, hence the length. Treat it as a memory for the story to come.Let's see where this goes!
