Authors Note: Thanks everyone for stopping by! This is an idea that's been rolling around in my mind for a while, and I'm excited to share it. It's actually written as a long one-shot, but I decided to post it as a short multi-chapter fic instead to make it more accessible. It's already finished so I'll be updating quickly. Please let me know your thoughts on the characters and the dialog, I'd love to hear from you!WARNING! Language and graphic sex in future chapters!As Lily stepped out of the dark alleyway and into the Leaky Cauldron, dimly lit and sparsely occupied, the backdoor snapped shut behind her with a bang. She paid no notice to the sound - nor did any of the other patrons - despite the lateness of the hour. She was both wide-awake and dreaming  sensing every movement within the pub, but dead to it at the same time. After a shift that had ended up lasting over 24 hours, and the emotional exhaustion of coming face to face with three of the most wanted men in Britain, her body was exhausted. But her mind was reeling from the day's events, and all she wanted as she stalked over to the bar was several shots of fire whisky and a long night's sleep. Despite Marlene's invitation to just crash on her couch for the night, Lily had felt convinced that she wanted to be alone, and in her own bed.What she hadn't counted on was James Potter and Sirius Black entering the pub shortly after she did.She recognized their voices before she saw them; heard the door snap shut and their heavy footsteps approach the bar. Lily was sure she would never admit it, but her nerves instantly calmed as they greeted her. The two shots she'd taken since her arrival 20 minutes ago had done little to still her mind, but she felt herself physically relax, a deep sigh escaping her lips, as they sat down. Maybe she hadn't wanted to be alone after all. She steered her mind away from why that might be, and instead fixed her gaze upon James."Hey Lils, what are you doing here so late?" Sirius asked. James paid her no mind, despite the fact that he had sat immediately to her right, Sirius just beyond him."Drinking away my troubles," she replied wryly. At some point after her second shot her cheek had made its way to the cool surface of the bar, so she had to look up at James in order to see him chuckle. She fixed him with a stare, but still he refused to look down at her."Well said, Flower" Sirius commented as he threw back the shot the barman had set before him."What are you two doing here?" Forcing herself to sit upright for fear of seeming like a lightweight, Lily ordered another and glanced back over at the two of them. They both looked a little worse for wear, their clothes wrinkled and dirty. James sported a long cut across his cheek and black stubble bloomed over his jaw line. His brows were creased and his mouth turned down abruptly at the corners. Although she definitely didn't mind the stubble, her heart clenched at the look of anger and frustration upon his features."Full moon last night" James responded stiffly."And we just got off shift. It's shit being up all night and then working all day isn't it? Didn't you just get off a 24 Flower? Moody's such a bitch sometimes" Sirius laughed and shook his head, throwing back another shot.Lily snorted and rolled her eyes."Don't let Moody hear you talking like that, he'll leash you to your desk and take you off active duty". Lily couldn't deny that 2 years ago she would have responded with a tone of derision, but Auror training, not to mention the war, had changed them. So instead she spoke with laughter on the tip of her tongue. She no longer considered the two boys next to her as charges that needed to be looked after, but as friends. The war had changed many things, mostly for the worse. This was one change that was for the better."I'd like to see him try!""Are you serious? Moody could bloody have your balls on a platter before you even knew what happened."This comment earned her another snort from James, which she privately celebrated. It did little to faze Sirius however."Why yes, I am Sirius!" he said with a smug smile and a raise of his brow. James groaned in exasperation and pushed Sirius sideways, while Lily began banging her head on the counter."Still overused Pads" James said as Sirius shoved him back. He lightly collided with Lily and she reveled at the contact. Too soon he righted himself, consciously putting distance between the two of them, and continued to sip his drink. The frown settled back upon his features and his eyes stared straight ahead. He had yet to make eye contact with her since sitting down, and it was driving her mad."So, how'd it go last night?" She asked after turning towards them and letting her knees bump up against James'. He hastily scooted over to create more room, shifting himself away from her. Lily forced her face to remain passive and unchanged, despite the way her gut plummeted as he moved away."As well as normal, I suppose" Sirius answered. "James got himself a nice little scratch, we're all bruised up a bit too. Nothing out of the ordinary.""And Mooney?""Resting in the hospital wing".Lily nodded in acknowledgment and let silence wash over them as they drank, wondering what on earth had James in such a foul mood."Sohit any trouble at work today?" She asked off-handedly, trying to figure out the source of James' anger."No. We heard you did though." Sirius fixed her with a stare, his eyebrows raised as if in question. James visibly stiffened, his knuckles turning white around his glass.Ah. So that was his issue. Why James would be so upset however, she had no clue. She turned back to face the bar and squared her shoulders, shrugging it off."Not really. I mean, I handled it fine." Even though she wasn't facing the boys, she heard Sirius mutter under his breath and James violently turned his body towards her, fixing her with a glare she couldn't ignore. Despite her best efforts to keep herself from blushing in embarrassment, she felt her cheeks heat up."What?" James uttered in a low growl that sent chills all the way up Lily's spine. Her immediate reaction was to cower, but instead she sat up and turned to meet his withering gaze with her own."I said, I handled it fine". Lily set her jaw and readied herself. They hadn't fought in so long - had put all their differences behind them. But despite her trepidation, she couldn't help the thrill that flew through her and the fire she felt dance between them.To Be Continued...Authors note: 1,000 points to Gryffindor for reviewing! let me know if you catch any spelling/grammar mistakes. But don't hate on the run on sentences, they're my favorite ;)
