Disclaimer: I am not Jk Rowling I own nothing. I do not own Skyrim.Note: this is a teaser for my new story the full first chapter is going to be posted later but I want to get a feel first of how it will be received.Note: This fic will have only the aspect of the dragon language from the game... not much of a crossoverNever tickle a Sleeping DragonSo it beginsIt was a dark moonless Halloween night and the trick or treaters were finishing their rounds in the wizarding neighborhood of Godric's Hallow. It had been a festive evening with parties and celebrations all around despite the terror of the times. Four hooded figures strode along the sidewalk toward a seemingly abandoned lot; two were wearing masks. As they approached the abandoned lot, the shortest of the four spoke finally though it sounded more like a frightened squeak. "My Lord, I assure you this is the place should we not cast the anti-apparition wards before we break the Fidelus."A harsh hiss escaped the dark lord's mouth as he responded, "Be silent Pettigrew! I am aware of the situation and though you know the price of treachery, I am not entirely sure of your claim. If this is indeed the place then you will be rewarded, we need not fear their detection fool. The Fidelus charm will be defeated simply by my knowledge of the secret of the location that you shared. This can be confirmed without so much as grazing the ward line." Moreover, as soon as he finished speaking the group arrived at a stop about the middle of the sidewalk to see a house shimmer into existence.With a vicious wide smile, the dark lord chuckled to himself, "So there you are." He turn to the shivering form of Pettigrew "You have done well Peter, after tonight you shall be rewarded." He turned to the other two Death eaters standing there and said, "Severus did you bring the potion? Did you destroy the recipe like I asked?" Voldemort turned a questioning eye to potions master.Severus pulled out a vial and kneeled, "Yes my lord, it was prepared to your exact specifications though I must admit I have never heard of such a recipe."The Dark lord smiled as he took the vial in his hand to inspect it. "That is because it is an ancient potion that has been lost for millennium and I am using it as an experiment. It is said that this potion will allow the user to access the magic and traits expressed in magical creatures and imbue it with their own, I wish to see if this is true."Voldemort turned to face the last member of the group. "Bella dear, take some of my lesser favored followers and attack some village to distract that old man's measly order. While you are there, you are to find an 18-month-old boy and have him drink this potion afterwards take him to the nearest dragon reserve and leave it there. I shall personally retrieve it should it survive. If it proves successful, I will have a power greater than any before me.""It will be done my lord," she responded bowing and taking the vial."Severus, you are to warn the old man and his scrabble of fools and draw their attention away from here. Force him to choose between his followers. I want no interruptions in my moment of triumph. You have ten minutes from now to do so. I am fond of you Severus do not fail me."Bella quickly got up and apparated with a crack, yet Severus remained kneeling after the dark lord took the vial face down cast."More you have to say Severus"Severus resisted the urge to flinch from the dangerous tone that entered Voldemort's voice, "Yes my lord. If you would be so gracious as to spare the women my lord. I  I want her for myself."Voldemort was silent for a moment his dark, hateful eyes squinting in thought as he stared at the home of his still unsuspecting victims. "Very well Severus. You have been very useful and faithful to me and I am a merciful lord am I not. However, should she get in the way or you fail me I shall be forced to kill her."Severus body noticeably relaxed then, "Thank you, my lord." Then he stood and apparated away.The dark lord then turned his gaze back to back to house with Pettigrew shifting nervously beside him. Soon he would defeat the prophesy and his victory would be complete.Pardon spelling and grammar errors. If you point them out I will do my best to fix them but if that is the only basis for criticism please be reasonable. Reviewing will help me get the chapters out faster.
