Chapter 1 MemoriesHermione Granger sighed as she woke up. She sat in bed thinking about the past two years, where things had gone wrong, and how in the name of Merlin was she going to fix it.After the Final Battle, many changes had happened. The Weasley family, for one change, was now six. Molly, Arthur, Charlie, George, Ron, and Ginny were mourning the loss of their beloved fallen family members. Charlie had gone to Romania, only visiting at holidays and certain deceased's birthdays. George kept shut in his room, only coming down for meals. Without a twin his purpose in life was gone. Fred was the only thing on his mind these days and with George's other half gone, Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes was left under the careful eye of Hermione.Arthur lived life like the clocks he used to adore. Eat, sleep, work, and repeat; those were the only things he could be seen doing nowadays. Molly, for the first couple months, tried to help correct things. But grief at seeing her family like this overcame her and she found solace in the kitchen.Ginny was the best of the remaining Weasleys. She found a job and didn't stay in constant state of sadness. But the moments she laughed were very few indeed. Every time Hermione visited Ginny, she could hear the sobbing of one who lost very important things in life, things with no chance of recovery.Ron was the worst of the Weasleys. He dated Hermione for a few weeks, but had broken things off. Now, he was the biggest player in London. Girls leaped at the chance to date him but were left sobbing at being flung off, after a night under the sheets with war hero, Ronald Weasley. Ron Weasley best friend of ..Hermione broke her train of thought. She jumped out bed and walked into the bathroom after taking off her Quidditch jersey and knickers . A scarlet and gold Quidditch jersey with a name on the back and a lion on the the front. A name she was fond of..Hermione sighed for the second time that day. She jumped into the shower and as she turned on the hot water her mind went in memory land again.She had taken it as her sole duty to fix the hearts of survivors from the war. She visited Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnagan Monday afternoons. Last time she saw them they were each engaged to the Patil twins, whom she saw on Mondays too.Neville and Luna Longbottom nee Lovegood occupied Hermione's Tuesdays. They had married four weeks ago with Hermione as the maid of honor. They moved to a house in the country as the Lovegood estate held memories of Luna's father and Longbottom Manor was home to Augusta Longbottom and many free House-Elves.Fridays and weekends she visited the Weasleys and other survivors. She always worked in the mornings before visiting her friends except for Sunday.Wednesdays and Thursdays were all-day work days. She ran Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes(WWW),where she had repaired, expanded, and completely remodeled the former joke shop. Now, there were three floors. The first was for jokes and all the stuff WWW had been before.The second floor was a cozy bookstore and cafe where people could buy many different kinds of sandwiches, soups,pastries,breads,and other things to eat(picture wizard Starbucks). Hermione was quite a talented baker and all the recipes were originals by her.The third was a kitchen,where things for the first floor were made, and where Hermione repaired and catalogued books. All in all the shop was very popular and had taken two months to build.Hermione had coaxed George out of his room and shown him the creation she had made. *Flashback* "George,I'm going to show you something," Hermione said, half smiling. " What?', George rasped. Hermione smile grew. It had taken five months for him to speak and in that time he communicated with nods and headshakes. Now, five days after WWW2, as Hermione had dubbed the shop, was completed she decided the time was ripe for George to see. They were standing in front of the Burrow with the Weasleys, Longbottoms, and many others. Even McGonagall was there. Everyone was smiling at the thought of one of the first steps of progress with George. Though one person was missing, a person that should be squeezed in between Ron and Ginny .. Hermione shook her head, not today would she think of him."It's a secret. I want you to see it. Are, are you going to?" Everyone held their breath. So, so much depended on this moment. George paused then nodded. Molly and every other female, except McGonagall, burst into tears. The Headmistress smiled and nodded in Hermione direction. All the boys and men cheered and clapped. Even young Teddy smiled and his hair turned red. Hermione held back tears and holding George's arm, Apparated to WWW2.*End Flashback*George had gasped. Then, he ran inside. He spent the rest of the day there commenting on products. Then he ran outside to where Hermione was. She had followed him and made them lunch and snacks before leaving him at some WWW classics. George smiled "A real smile", she thought with a smile of her own. He had hugged her tightly for a very long time. George came around Fridays and Saturdays to help with the bookstore. Being arpund the things he and Fred used to make were painful.After reporting the story the day after a change was made. The rest of the Weasleys days were less robotic and Charlie started coming around some Sundays but that was all. Sure, that was something but a very little something. That was a year and a month ago. No more progress was made. There were days that made her smile and think,"Yes, I'm on the way to saving the day!". Then there were days that made her sigh until she couldn't breath without it sounding solemn. As she climbed out the shower she thought,"What can I do?"Hello! This is my first fanfic. I came up with the story through a dream. It was scary and to distract myself I read fanfiction then I stopped and had a idea.I really would love reviews and ideas. I'll try to include them all but if it goes against the plot I'll say no. I would like some other stuff and as we get deeper in the story I'll share. I will try to update 2-3 days a week in school. Since school hasn't started I'll update once a day.
