A/N: Hope you like it! Disclaimer: Everything belongs to J.K. RowlingWarning: Spoilers from the first and seventh Harry Potter books!ENJOY!Dumbledore's point of viewI was walking the corridors under my Disillusionment charm. Perhaps the Potter boy was looking at the Mirror of Erised. I stopped at a door slightly ajar next to suits of armor. I crept in as quietly as an old man such as myself could. I sat a desk and waited, taking of the charm. Pretty soon, I heard Harry. He was making so much noise I was afraid Filch could hear him from the fourth floor!As the footsteps got louder and louder, Harry speed-walked in, oblivious to the fact I was sitting at one of the desks. He sank down happily in front of the mirror, content to stare at whatever he was looking at-probably his parents-for the rest of the night.(italics=mostly from the book)"So - back again, Harry?" I asked, amused."I - I didn't see you sir," Harry stuttered."Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you ," I said, smiling."So," I said, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor, " you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the Mirror of Erised""I didn't know it was called that, sir," he replied."But I expect you've realized what it does?" "It - well - it shows me my family -" Harry answered."And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy." I quietly revealed my knowledge."How did you know?" asked Harry, at loss."I don't need an invisibility cloak to become invisible," said I, gently, "Now, can you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?"Harry shook his head."Let me explain. The happiest man on Earth would be able use the Mirror of Erised as a normal mirror, that is, he would look into it, and see himself exactly as he is. Does that help?"Harry thought. Then he said slowly, "It shows what we want . . . whatever we want . . .""Yes and no," I corrected him, "It shows us more or less than the deepest, most desperate desires of our hearts. You, who have never known your family, see them standing around you. Ronald Weasely, who has always been overshadowed by his brothers, sees himself standing alone, the best of them all. However, this mirror will give us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away before it, entranced by what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is real, or even possible.The mirror will be moved to a new home tomorrow, Harry, and I ask you not to go looking for it again. If you ever do run across it, you will be prepared. It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that. Now why don't you put that admirable cloak back on, and get off to bed?" I finished."Sir - Professor Dumbledore? Can I ask you something?""Obviously, you've just done so," I replied, smiling, " You may ask me one more thing, however.""What do you see when you look in the mirror?"I was struck hard by that question. The answer stuck in my throat. What do I see? I see myself holding the three Hollows, dear, dear, Arianna alive and well. My mother, bright and healthy right behind her. With my father, back from Azkaban. My brother, forgiven me for doing those things with Grinwald, and Harry, fine with what he had to do."I? I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks." I lied smoothly.So, how'd you like it? Please review, even if it is, a one-shot. 
