The Great Fire Of LondonAs we approach the 348th anniversary of one of London's Greatest tragedies, interesting developments have been uncovered in the case.The Great Fire of London swept through England's main city, destroying it. The fire burned for three days from Sunday 2nd September 1666- Wednesday 5th September 1666.The city was in a state of entire devastation. 13200 homes were destroyed, families left with nothing. Wizarding communities were among this affected. Some 30000 made homeless.Churches across the city had succumbed to the fire 87 were lost in total and perhaps most upsetting the beautiful St. Paul's Cathedral.For centuries Muggles have reported that the fire had been started at Thomas Farriners Bakers shop, the man was a bumbling idiot and many people believed it to be true.Stories were told across the town how he had always forgotten to turn of his ovens. People were surprised he hadn't done it before.History books have told us this version of events for centuries, unchanging in their accounts.However, new information has come to light courtesy of Narcissa Black. She had discovered a diary written by one of her ancestors in the seventeenth century. found in the black family vault at gringotts whilst completing an annual inspection.This discovery is a great find for magical historians who have raved over it contents.Blackened and charred at the edges it nonetheless withstood the fire and the test of time.An entry written in the diary of Ursula Black detailed what really happened on the night of 2nd September 1666."I'd been watching the boys from my window, such foolish lads playing with their magyck in the streets. Did they not know we were persecuted? Hunted for being different. I will talk to their parents when I get chance I thought, when suddenly the older one brandished fire from his wand, it looked like fiendfyre, the most deadly of spells. and with a gust of wind it set alight the Farriners roof. Quickly it was out of control. Well of course, how did a boy know such dark magyck?Them Peverells are a bad lot!well the gossip amongst the town is that Farriner started the, what is now, massive blaze. Of course this is not the case but what can I do?I can't tell them the truth now can I? "This was the last entry in Ms Blacks diary and this reporter can only assume she was evacuated from her home not long after it was written.I, along with many noted historians feel that this is conclusive proof that Thomas Farriner was an innocent man.Although in the Muggle World they continue to believe his guilt.In the wizarding world Thomas Farriner shall be exonerated.Centuries after his death he will now rest in peace, finally proven innocent.
