Albus Potter was only a year old when he was kidnapped. No one knew who it was or who it could have been, massive search parties were sent out looking for the one year old, but nothing was found. Only two people knew the full extent on the kidnapping; Bellatrix and Rodolphus Lestrange. It was mainly Bellatrix that did the kidnapping. But it was both who had planned the kidnapping idea. He re-named him as Andrew Lestrange. Andrew had blonde hair that he inherited from his great grandparents, and green eyes that resembled his Grandmother Lily Evans Potter.It was June, and Andrew (Drew) Lestrange stood at the door of Malfoy Manner, an auror stood by his side that knocked on the large door. Bellatrix and Rodolphus were arrested for breaking out of Azkaban again back in April, and now Drew was standing at the front door of his new guardians. The front door opened, revealing a man with white blond hair and pointed features; Draco Malfoy."Hello, thank you for bringing him here, please come in," Draco said, stepping aside, for the younger male, and auror to pass by him."Thank you for letting your cousin come at such short notice Mr. Malfoy," the auror said. "His mother said that he should automatically come here.""Hey Drew, how are you holding up?" Draco said, looking at Drew with a concerned expression."Ok I guess" Drew said with a shrug, but on the inside, Drew was happy to be out of his parent's hair. They were hard on him all the time, but at the same time, he cared about them."We need you to sign some papers first Mr. Malfoy before we let him in your care," the auror said, holding a small bunch of parchment. "If you please." Astoria Malfoy came down the main stair case; her eyes went to the blonde hair male who was thirteen, standing in the middle of the foyer. She recognized him as Drew Lestrange, the son of Draco's Aunt and Uncle; Bellatrix and Rodolphus Lestrange. She knew Bellatrix to be a cruel woman from what she heard about her from Draco. How she conceived a child was a big guess. She walked up to stand by her husband, her heels clicking as she walked."Hello Mrs. Malfoy," the auror said with a curt nod towards her. Astoria Malfoy was a kind looking woman, her hair was brown and her eyes were grey, she was considered to be pretty. She smiled at the auror."Astoria, you remember Andrew Lestrange," Draco said looking at his wife."Of course, I am so glad you got here safely dear," she said with a motherly smile. Drew grinned in response."I have some paper work that you need to sign," the auror said. "For your guardian ship of course.""Certainly," Draco said. "Should I get my parents; Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy down here too?""No, we just need you and Mrs. Malfoy to sign and that will be all, we would have your parents sign it, but as of their age, the court doesn't think they are suitable to raise a child at this moment. A letter will be sent with me next week to give you a letter, stating if you will be his guardian or not. But I am sure you will be since you have a child his age."Draco nodded, as he and the auror left Drew alone with Astoria Malfoy. Drew's eyes darted around the mansion; it was a lot nicer looking than Lestrange Manner. There was no mold growth or full of dark magic objects."Are you hungry or anyhing?" Astoria asked, Drew looked up, and he shook his head. He wasn't feeling hungry at the moment."No thank you," he said."Lets get you settled in then shall we," she said. "Scorpius is upstairs, he just got back from Hogwarts."Two months later on September the first, Drew Lestrange now stood at Platform nine and three quarters, the scarlet train was behind him, as other students and parents walk passed him. He was looking at his new guardians; The Malfoy family, his trunk was already on the train."Everything will be ok Drew," Draco said with a reassuring smile. "No matter where you end up, you will always have a home with us.""What about mum and dad?" Drew asked, their opinion of his sorting was still going inside his head."Don't worry about them," Draco said."The only thing that matters is that you are happy in your house," Astoria said. Draco, Astoria, and Scorpius told him about the four houses at Hogwarts, and that they were all in Slytherin. Drew was not sure what house he would be in, but he was sure that he was going to end up in Slytherin, just like his mum and dad did many years ago. But another part of Drew doubted that he would be in Slytherin. Sure he grew up around the dark Arts and he was already familiar with a lot of it already. He had seen the Unforgiveable Curses more times than he could count. He even suffered two of them first hand. Even watching the Avada Kadavera curse and seeing them fall down dead. Drew hoped that one day those memories would soon fade from his mind. At Durmstrang, he learned about curses that most seventh years at Hogwarts don't even know. Potions and Transfiguration was the same way. He was familiar with most dark spells. By second year at Durmstrang, all the students have knowledge of most dark art substances in every course. They sink it all in first year."Come on lets go," Scorpius said as he tugged on Drew's arm, towards the train."You behave this year Scorpius" Draco said, giving a stern look at Scorpius."Oh come on dad, it is just friendly competition," Scorpius said, talking about the relationship with Rose Weasley. Who both are trying to get top marks."You boys have a good term," Astoria said as she gave Drew a hug. Drew hugged her back, and gave another hug to Draco."Thank you for letting me stay," Drew said with a grin."Don't worry about it," Draco said ruffling Drew's hair."You're welcome dear," Astoria said, kissing him on the cheek, normally he would back away from that kind of moment, but it felt nice knowing that someone really cared about him to show affection. Not the demented kind that his parents always gave him. Drew backed away and got on the train, waving at the two Malfoy's."See you boys at Christmas," Astoria said as she waved at them.Rose Weasley noticed the blond boy at the train station. She didn't know that Scorpius Malfoy had a brother. But that could not be, they both looked thirteen, and they didn't look alike. Scorpius had white blonde hair like Draco, but the new boy had blonde hair too, but it was not as light, it was more like in between light and medium blonde."Come on Rose, let's go find a seat," said her friend Abby Longbottom. Her and Abby have been friends since first year, and they were both Gryffindors. This year, her brother Hugo, and cousin Lily Potter would entering school, and she gets to take Muggle Studies and Arithmancy."Abby, look over there," Rosa said, pointing to the Malfoys. The blonde boy was talking to the older Malfoy's."Who is that?" Abby asked."I don't know, but no way can that be his brother," Rose said."Well he is cute," Abby said, Rose looked at her friend in disbelief"Cute?" Rose asked, she looked at the boy, and Rose sure didn't think so."Yeah, I am just saying Rose," Abby said."Rose!" Said the voice of Rose's older cousin James. He was a year older than her, his hair was dark with a hint of red, his eyes matched his mothers, and he was athletic looking. "What are you doing looking at the Malfoy's?"Rose turned to meet her cousin."Nothing James, I just never noticed the other kid with them before," Rose said, indicating towards the Malfoys."It doesn't matter, I am sure he will be just like them," James said. He never liked Scorpius Malfoy, he always seemed to be a know it all to James."Come on Rose, before Hugo and Lily get on the train," James said. Rose followed James on the train."Rose, wait up!" Hugo Weasley said, as he and Lily got on the train right behind her and Abby.James Potter rarely remembered having a younger brother, but he always felt it deep in his heart. He found a cabin for him, Fred and their Friend Vlad Rorschach."Hey James, how many more of your family is being sorted this year?" Vlad asked as they took a seat on the train."Only two mate," James replied, his little sister Lily, and his cousin Hugo were being sorted this year and James hoped they are both going to Gryffindor, well anything but Slytherin."It seems like every year someone in your family is coming to Hogwarts," Vlad said."Not every year Vlad," Fred said, rolling his eyes at Vlad. "No one from our family was sorted last year.""You're too weird to be human Vlad," James said.At Hogwarts, Drew was in the headmistress's office. He was sitting in a chair in front of her desk. He would have felt intimidated by looking at the older witch, but he didn't. The Headmistress at Durmstrang was so old that a lot of the students think she should be dead. Many even believed that she is so old that she immune to all diseases because she never got sick."Mr. Lestrange," said Professor McGonagall. "We have your transcripts from Durmstrang, and we have made you a rough draft schedule." Professor McGonagall handed him a sheet of parchment. Drew took it and looked down at it."You selected Muggle studies and Arithmancy for you two extra classes," Professor McGonagall said. "You will be taking grade three courses on the rest. Adjustments will be made as necessary.""What house would I be in?" Drew asked, it was the first thing he thought of. What house he ended up in was the first thing that was in his head."You will be sorted in my office Mr. Lestrange, I did put it in the letter that we sent you." McGonagall said."I know Professor I mean ma'am," he said, averting her stare."I am sure you are aware of the houses?" Professor McGonagall asked, looking at him over her specticles."Yes ma'am," Drew said."Good," she said as she stood up and walked around the desk. She held an old hat in her hand. "I will place the Sorting Hat on your head and it will sort you into your new house."Drew sat still as the sorting hat was placed on his head; it was big as it sat on his head, covering his eyes."Hmmm, what a head this is, oh yes very difficult" the hat said, Drew nearly jumped a foot in the air, he didn't expect the hat to actually talk to him. "Hmm seen more Dark Arts than anyone his age that is for certain But where to put you is the question? You're not a Slytherin dear boy oh no""I'm I'm not?" Drew asked out loud."Oh no what I see here is loyalty, you are true, and honest, you will gain a new sort of friends and family," the hat said. "I think you belong in. HUFFLEPUFF!" Drew had no idea what he was feeling. But he sure didn't expect to be sorted in Hufflepuff. He heard of Hufflepuff from Scorpius and they are a fare lot who is on friendly terms with the Gryffindor house. He also heard that Hufflepuff stayed at Hogwarts during the whole fight. All of the Hufflepuff's stayed, none of them left."You have been sorted Mr. Lestrange," McGonagall said. "Your head of house is Professor Sprout. I will inform her of your sorting. And your new schedule will be made."Professor McGonagall looked out at the students. Andrew Lestrange's sorting to Hufflepuff was still on her mind. She was sure he would be in Slytherin like his parents, which shocked her to hear where the hat placed him. How a Lestrange rounded up in Hufflepuff was a puzzle all on its own, she was also puzzled how polite he was. His own parents were never polite, especial his mother Bellatrix. But Professor McGonagall had more on her mind, the after feast speech."Your attention please," McGonagall said, she stood, looking at the many students. The hall became silent. "I will like to make a few notices. First, welcome all new students, and especaiily to our new transfer student from Durmstrang Institute; Andrew Lestrange"Students began moving in their seats and they began talking."A Lestrange?" James Potter said, looking up in his seat at the boy at the Hufflepuff. "No way is that possible, and the bloody hell is he a Hufflepuff?""If he is a Hufflepuff than he probably isn't that bad James," Rose piped up, seeing the same boy she saw at the station. He was sitting at the Hufflepuff table."Students that is enough" McGonagall said in a stern tone. The hall slowly quieted down again. "As I was saying, make our new students feel welcome," her eyes darted towards all the students. "The forbidden forest is forbidden to all students, no exceptions. Mr. Filch has asked me to remind you that all banned items are listed on his office door. Off to bed all of you, you will all need your rest for tomorrow morning. Off to bed. "Drew could not believe this day. He was a Hufflepuff, a Hufflepuff! The hat said he was difficult to place, and that he was true, loyal, and honest, these were he qualities he possessed the most. But Drew didn't really care about that, no one in his house seemed to care that he was a Lestrange in Hufflepuff, sure he received a few looks at the table, but a majority were welcoming.Drew was in between two boys who seemed to be in his year. When he first said his name, he was certain that all of the students around him would scoot away from him, and to his surprise, no one moved, he heard a lot of talking form the other houses as they all ate, but that was it."So you're a Lestrange?" the boy on his right said, Drew looked over at him."Yeah, but I'm nothing like my parents," Drew said quickly."So your nothing like them you say?" said the boy on his left."No, no I'm not," Drew said."I heard about them, but I believe you when you say your nothing like them. I'm Eric Bones third year," the boy on the right said. Eric Bones was athletic looking, his hair was brown and his nose was freckled. "And that cartoon right by you is Collin Grigsby."Drew looked at his left, Collin was skinny like Drew, and his hair was blond and shaggy."I'm Drew," Drew said, shaking their hands, Eric shaking his hand eagerly, but Collin seemed weary as he shook Drew's hand."Welcome to Hufflepuff than mate," Eric said with a grin."Do you play quidditch Lestrange?" said a mousy hair girl with a deep tan. She was a few people away on the opposite side of the table from where they were sitting. "I am the Hufflepuff quidditch team captain and Prefect; Emily Bones.""That is my sister, sixth year," Eric whispered, leaning close to Drew so he could hear him."Yeah" he replied, Emily looked delighted."Great, I will tell you when try outs are," Emily said, and went back to her friends."Are any of you in the house team?" he asked looking from Eric to Collin."Oh no," Collin said shaking his head. "I am horrible on a broom. There is always an accident involving me on one.""Your such a spoiled sport," Eric said. "I on the other hand am pretty good if I must say so myself."Drew smiled, even though he just met Eric and Collin, they already felt like best friends to him."Oh really?" Drew asked. "I'm pretty good too.""What position? Beater for me," Eric said sitting up straighter. Drew thought about what position he played best at, and the best one he could think of was seeker."Seeker," Drew said."You're in luck mate, the last seeker just graduated," Eric said."He was pretty good to, left Emily the captains badge," Collin informed him.AN: End of Chapter 1. I wanted to rewrite this, especially the first part of it, let me know of what you all think.
