I have nothing to say, really. Enjoy the story, I guess!I do not own Harry Potter.Chapter One: The Next HeroesIt was pretty much a normal day on Andrys Street. The wind was rustling the neighborhood's trees, and children played in the early August sun, sweat shining on their faces as they ran during a game of tag or held their breath during hide-and-seek.In one house though, a girl sat at the widow, a look of excitement on her face and green eyes gleaming. She had no mosquito bites or sweat running down her face, because she had been inside all afternoon. She didn't want to miss what she was waiting for. She sat at the window, not moving. Her freckled face stared intently at the road. She had been waiting at that window almost all day. What was she waiting for that was so important? She was waiting for the mailman, or an owl.Yes, you heard me right, an owl.The girl in the window was no normal girl. She was the daughter of Zachary Charman, who was a perfectly normal man, but she was also the daughter of Rosalie Charman, who was not normal in any way.Her mother was a witch, and quite a good one in fact. Although her daughter had received her green eyes and brown hair from her father, the magic was a gift from her.The girl smiled wide as the mailman walked up to their door and dropped in the mail. Jumping off her chair, she ran to the door and grabbed the letters. "Yes!" she yelled, throwing the rest of the mail on he floor and raising a yellow envelope over her head.The letter was addressed:Ms. Hannah CharmanThe Chair by the Window117 Andrys StreetHannah's toothy grin remained as her parents came rushing into the living room. "Hannah, what are you yelling about?" asked Mr. Charman. Seeing the letter in his daughter's hands, he smiled. "So it finally arrived, did it?" Hannah nodded vigorously. "Well? What are you waiting for honey? Open it!" Mrs. Charman said. Without hesitation, Hannah tore open the letter and read it aloud.HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYHeadmistress: Molly SproutDear Ms. Hannah,We are pleased to inform you that you have been acceptedat Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Pleasefind enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on September 1. We await your owl byno later than July 31.Yours sincerely,Franklin Allverny,Deputy HeadmasterHannah was not the only one receiving this letter. All around the world, young witches and wizards of ages eleven through seventeen were receiving their letter to go to their regional school. Among these young wizards and witches were three other children, whose destinies were all intertwined with Hannah's.One of these children was Lavender Zucan, a young short and plump girl with brown eyes and hair who was very cheerful. "Yay!" Lavender screamed, then she just started dancing. She called the dance 'the drunk giraffe'. In this dance, she squatted and swung her hands in circles above her head. he two brothers in her foster home stared at her. "What is she doing?" asked the first boy, named Spencer. "She's doing her happy dance," answered the other, whose name was Tyler. Tyler had been brought in with Lavender in all her homes, so he wasn't as weirded out by her dance. It was still a extremely odd though.The second child was named Aaron Price. He was a tall, skinny boy with red hair and green eyes. He opened his letter and his eyes went wide. Then his smile went just as wide as his eyes. "Mum!" he called, running into the kitchen, where Aaron's mother was helping his father with dinner. "Yes, dear?" his mother asked, turning away from the veggies she was cutting. Behind her, the vegetables started cutting themselves. Aaron held up the letter in response, his eyes shimmering. "Congrats, honey!" His mum said, smiling just as wide as her son. She knew what the letter was. "That's my boy!" Aaron's father cheered. The family hugged right there in the kitchen.The third and final child was Austin Calani, a child who was really skinny and tall for his age who had blue eyes and blond hair. Holding his letter in his hands, he let out a loud laugh. "All right!" he said after reading the letter. His sister came into the room then, and looked at him oddly. "What are you so happy about?" she asked. "I got my letter!" Austin said, smiling. "Congratulations little bro!" his sister said, giving him a hug. "Let go!" Austin said, squirming in his sister's arms. "Say please," his sister said, a glint in her eye.These four children were the next generation of heroes in the wizarding world. They just didn't know if yet. This is the story of how it all began.I know that this was a pretty short introduction, but I believe that it should be that way. I wanted to introduce the main characters, as well as take a peek into what their lives are like. Until the next chapter, please review and tell me what you think of this chapter, or how to improve my writing. If anything, tell me if I should even continue this story! By the way, did you catch the Doctor Who reference?Bye-bye! :D 
