AN: Hey lovelies! This is a fic for the Pottermore Challenge, for the task Number Four Privet Drive, using the prompts Petunia Dursley, Vernon Dursley and Ordinary. Enjoy and Review! Pretty please?Petunia Evans and her sister had been best friends before they met that boy. Petunia positively hated that boy, he had ruined everything.When she had first noticed him spying on them, she had pointed him out to her sister in the firm conviction that Lily would jeer at the boy with her and then they would go home.She should have noticed that Lily was so far from normal that she wouldn't react like a normal human being.Instead of running home like any ordinary, sane, person, Lily befriended the dreadful boy, and talked with him more and more, instead of playing with Petunia.Petunia didn't care. Lily could do what she liked. It's not like she missed playing with Lily or anything, nothing of the sort.When Lily got the letter, inviting her to that stupid school of freakiness, Petunia wasn't jealous in the least. She absolutely did not cry in her room over Lily getting all the magical powers and she, Petunia, getting nothing.When Lily got back from her first year with all her magic books, and her stupid wand and owl in tow, and the owl shat on Petunia's head, she screamed at Lily to get her owl of off her, and stormed to her room, where she absolutely did not sulk because she didn't have an owl.When Lily got back in her third year, and started moaning about a boy driving her crazy, Petunia just smirked, determined not to feel jealous that Lily already had a boy who liked her, when she, Petunia, had had to wait until she was seventeen to get a boy interested in her. It's not like Lily was pretty or anything. In fact, her red hair made her look awful, really.When Petunia started dating Vernon Dursley, she smirked superiorly at her little sister, who, annoyingly, didn't seem bothered a whit.When the little twit wrote home to announce that the boy who had been bothering her was now her boyfriend, Petunia just rolled her eyes. She could have told the little twit she liked him ages ago if she'd just asked. But, of course, she hadn't, she's too good for ordinary old Petunia now.The day that Petunia got married and got the name Dursley, she was there with her fianc, the Potter boy. Of course, on the day that was supposed to be Petunia's special day, Lily had to go and ruin by announcing her engagement, at Petunia's wedding.She didn't even go to Lily's wedding.When she heard that Lily and Potter had had to go into hiding to avoid some sort of Lord Voldemort, she thought, good riddance. When you mess with things that are out of the ordinary, you are bound to get burned.When Lily's son, was born, shortly after Dudley, she snorted with disdain. She just couldn't take that Petunia had the spotlight for once, could she?When she opened the front door on that fateful morning, and found the little bundle with a letter, she screamed to Vernon to get down here!, before picking up the letter tucked into the hand of the baby.When she read about the death of her sister, she absolutely did not feel as if her heart was breaking, and she did not hastily wipe her eyes. Absolutely not.
