"Shh, Harry," she whispered, cradling the boy's small hands in her own, "Mama loves you. Dada loves you," She said, tears running down her cheeks. The shouting downstairs only got louder. Suddenly, she saw a flash of green light through the crack under the door. "No," she whispered, "no, please, not James."She squeezed her eyes shut as she heard a faint pop. No doubt it was the Dark Lord, here to kill her and her baby boy. She was surprised to find that the green light did not come. Rather, a set of large, warm hands took hold of her and the crying child."Lily," an all too familiar voice spoke in her ear, "Lily, take my hand." The woman complied."Severus," the woman named Lily sighed. "Severus, it's him, it's the Dark Lord -""Shh, shh, I know. Listen, you need to leave, now. Take the boy and -"The door burst open, and splinters of wood flew across the room. Severus stood up tall to face his master. "Ah, Severus," the Dark Lord said calmly, as if nothing had happened. Observing the scene in front of him, the man clicked his tongue. "Now, now, Severus," he said, "I knew you had a liking for the mudblood, but this," he laughed dryly, "this is just pathetic. I suppose I'll just have to kill all three of you." He drew his wand. Severus drew his own wand, his other hand clasped to Lily's behind him. The Dark Lord began to speak the words of the killing curse. "Avada Kedavra!""NO!" Severus shouted, throwing a spell from his wand, knowing that it was hopeless.Yet time seemed to slow, as the two spells collided in a flash of blinding white light. Severus was thrown backwards into Lily, who screamed. The light vanished as soon as it had appeared, and all was quiet. Lily looked towards where the Dark Lord had been standing. All that was left was a pile of black robes and a broken ivory wand. She turned back towards Severus' crumpled body. Gently setting Harry on the floor, she rolled Severus onto his back and noticed his skin had gone an even paler shade of white. "Severus?" Lily whispered, grasping his hand. "Severus, please wake up." She shook him gently, and pressed an ear to his chest. She could hear his heart, but only just.Suddenly his eyes shot open and he gasped. "Severus!" Lily exclaimed. "Severus, are you alright?" Severus began to sit up slowly, dazed and confused and shocked. He looked at the woman beside him, her bright green eyes meeting his almost black ones."Lily," he whispered. He raised a hand to touch her cheek, but hesitated, as if scared. Lily tilted her head, resting it in his hand; it felt warm on her face. He was shocked at the movement, so simple, yet so intimate at the same time. Severus took Lily's face in both of his hands and brought her lips to his own, gently. Lily was startled at first, but slowly gave in to the desire she held towards this man who had just saved her life. Severus deepened the kiss, but pulled away swiftly, remembering where they were. "Not here," he said quietly, taking Lily's hand. Lily took Harry in her other arm and the three apparated away.They landed in a dark room. "Lumos," Severus spoke. A blue-white ball of light appeared at the end of his wand. "Where are we?" Lily asked, laying a now sleeping Harry gently onto a sofa and wrapping him in a blanket."Grimmauld Place," Severus replied hurriedly, turning on a lamp. They were in a small bedroom. Severus transfigured the sofa Harry was sleeping on into a crib at Lily's request, so he would be more comfortable. "We should tell the Order," Severus continued. He was pacing across the room, muttering to himself. Lily was sitting on the bed, which was barely big enough for two people."Severus," Lily said quietly. Hearing the tone of her voice, Severus sat next to her, "He he killed him James." Tears began to run down her cheeks. He wrapped his arms around her and let her cry into his shoulder, gently stroking her long, red hair, and muttering reassuring words in her ear. When she stopped crying, she looked at Severus. Her beautiful green eyes were now red and swollen. She put her hands around Severus' neck and kissed him deeply. "Lily" Severus breathed, grasping Lily's hips with his long, slender fingers. Their clothes were quickly abandoned and they crawled under the covers of he small bed together, allowing themselves to lose each other in passion and lust. The two fell asleep in each other's arms, unaware of the scar that had formed on the sleeping child's forehead.
