ALL A DREAMSo yeah. Plot twist: what if Harry's whole life as a wizard was just a dream? No Ginny, or Ron, or Hermione, or Dumbledoor, or Voldemort. Just Harry. Harry was lying in bed. The night had dawned and he and Ginny were finally going to sleep.So much had happened recently. Everyone had gone back to Hogwarts today.He glanced over to say goodnight to Ginny, but she was already asleep."Night," he said anyway, and turned over..When the roof collapses it is customary to wonder why it is happening. Harry groggily woke up and realised his glasses were still on. Where was he?He was suspended from a helicopter and being lifted through a hole in his roof, swinging far too much for his liking. The crisp, cool night time air bit at him as he was raised, but he finally had some rest when he was pulled into the craft."Bloody hell!" Harry exclaimed angrily. "What's going on?"A vaguely recognisable face loomed over him. "Hey dad,""James?" Harry exclaimed. "But you're an adult what-""I'll explain. Huge war between us and the goblins. Then during it there's this Slitherin called Jack, he fought on our side, he wasn't actually bad, considering.""Considering what?""That he's a Slitherin but anyway, he betrayed us and made horcruxes, following in Voldemort's footsteps. He did this in secret, but then killed both Wizards and Goblins equally. Because of the divide, we couldn't join together to kill him, so both races basically died out. He's insane.""Okay, so how are you here?" Harry asked, already half knowing the answer."Room of requirement. Time turner. It was an improved version, so I didn't have to count down in hours to get here. That would be ma-"The craft shook and they began to fall."Right, James, you did know that Wizards and tech don't mix, don't you?""Well yeah, but"There was a knocking sound, resonating louder. Harry fell."Get up! Get up!" The knocking was getting more desperate.Harry glanced through the windows. They were crashing in 3, 2, 1BOOMHarry woke up, in a daze."Get up, you stupid boy!" Aunt Petunia screeched."Coming" he picked up his broken glasses and walked out of the cupboard under the stairs."I'm sorry, I just had the weirdest dream. I had friends, for a start, and there was Volemort, goblins, time turners, Werewolves, platform 9 and three quarters, Hagrid, the chamber of Secrets, Askaban, the Triwizard tournament I went to Hogwarts in the dream. It was a school of magic."Uncle Vernon's face was red as he looked up from his newspaper. "Magic doesn't EXIST!" he yelled.Harry rubbed the scar he got when his parents died in a car crash. What an odd dream what did he eat last night?
