Teddy sat by Molly's side, arm wrapped around her waist as they watched fireworks explode in the sky, a shower of colours raining down from them. They were at the top of a hill, the view from there was amazing."Teddy," Molly said quietly after a few minutes. She nestled her head into his shoulder, and he tightened his arm around her. There was no one else up there with them, just two of them above everyone else watching below. It felt like it was their own private fireworks display."Hmm?" he asked, running a hand through her hair the way she liked."What am I going to do when you leave Hogwarts?"She sat up, moving to sit directly in front of him and taking his hands in her own. Teddy met her eyes as he replied. "I s'ppose you'll just go about your business. You'll still have classes like usual, we just won't get to see each other as much. But I'll come up for Hogsmeade weekends and you'll see me when you go home for the holidays."Molly sighed. She ran her fingers through his hair  it was blue before, but where her hand touched it, the hairs turned a deep shade of pink that mimicked that of Teddy's cheeks. Molly grinned, watching his hair go back to the turquoise colour from before, and turned back to his side to watch the fireworks going off."It's like they're all for us," she said just before a particularly loud firecracker went off. They weren't the ones from Weasley's Wizard Wheezes, just some Muggle ones, but Teddy thought they were more special, if anything. No magic involved, though it was still certainly a magical night.For a while, Teddy just watched Molly, forgetting about the fireworks and all the Muggles below seeing the same thing they were seeing. All he paid any mind to was the way her lips curled up when she smiled, the way her eyes lit up as yet another firework zoomed up to the sky above them, bursting into pieces and whizzing down as they fell.After a moment or so, Molly noticed Teddy watching her, and turned to face him, pulling him closer."I love you, you know," she murmured, kissing him softly.He kissed her back, his fingers winding into her hair as hers wound into his (his hair turned magenta again, and so did his cheeks). "Love you, too," he whispered into her lips.And for a while  he couldn't say how long, exactly  they both forgot about the fireworks and forgot about the hill and even the loud bang of the fireworks was nothing to them. All Molly cared about was Teddy. All she could feel was him, his warmth. All he felt was her, the softness of her lips, her hair entangled in his fingers.Neither of them wanted this to end. They would be happy sitting here on this hill for the rest of their lives, stuck in a moment in time when the fireworks weren't nearly as loud as the ones that seemed to go off within Teddy at the thought of Molly, the thought that they were both so in love.xFor the Pairing One Hour Challenge (Teddy/Molly ii, 'a magical night', 500 words, 1 hour), the Fanfiction Scavenger Hunt Comp (a het pairing) and the Represent that character challenge.
