~ 1 ~"Slytherin!"Tom Riddle took the frayed hat off his hat, set it down gently, and walked stiffly to the table dominated by silver and green. No one was applauding, nor showing any form of welcome, really, but he had been expecting this. After much research, he'd come to learn that someone with a name as mundane as his would never be appreciated by a house full of pureblooded snakes.But he planned on changing that soon.He took a seat at the very end of the table and decided he would save being social for the following day, when classes actually began. He filled his plate and then proceeded to eat none of the food. He wasn't hungry; being in a wizarding school for the first time did that to a person.A few minutes later, someone took a seat next to him. He didn't bother looking up, assuming that it was the last possible seat, and that the person had taken it out of lack of options, but when he looked up to reach for his glass of water, he noticed that there were many empty spots elsewhere.A voice interrupted his confusion. "Hello, I'm Merilyn. And you?"He stared at the girl who'd spoken to him for a little bit without replying, and soon, her face betrayed a bit of discomfort. Finally, "I'm Tom.""Nice to meet you, Tom!" she beamed, looking relieved. "Did you expect to be sorted into Slytherin?"This was easy. "Of course," he replied smoothly."I didn't," she said, looking momentarily downtrodden. "I was hoping for Gryffindor. They look to be such fun people, don't you think?"He raised an eyebrow. "Fun? More like impulsive, loud, and selfish."It was Merilyn's turn to look confused now. "Selfish?""So you agree that they're impulsive and loud?""So why do you find them selfish?" she asked again, ignoring his inquiry."Through their reckless actions, they end up killing more than they save. And that's for those who even end up Aurors. The rest... well, they'd probably open up joke shops or whatnot," Tom said easily.Tom took the time she was speechless to observe her.Nice robes, wearing jewelry. Comes from a wealthy family.Unruly pale blonde hair. The trait of a pureblooded family botched by someone who didn't know how to utilize it. Or just someone who didn't own a comb.Pale blue eyes, bordering on silver. Once again a pureblooded trait, botched by the innocence and naivety in their expression."I see," she replied. "I was probably sorted into Slytherin because of my family and inheritance. It's unfortunate."Before Tom could reply, Headmaster Dippet stood at the front of the hall, and made a speech that Tom duly ignored and Merilyn hung onto eagerly. Soon, they were dismissed and herded to their dormitories. Throughout the whole ordeal, Tom and Merilyn didn't exchange conversation.Only before they were separated by gender did Merilyn trill, "Goodnight, Tom!"He watched as she went upstairs with another look of confusion.Who even was this girl?a/n: i'd say this was an action/adventure story, and to a marginally smaller extent, a romantic tale. full of short, 500 word chapters.thanks for reading.
