The Big NewsJune, 2020"Maman!" calls my oldest. I recognize her voice immediately as she rushes into my study. I look up from my medical journal, where I carefully write down all the symptoms of my last patient."Bernadette! How lovely to see you, mon coeur! I take it your last year at Beauxbaton ended well?" I take her into my arms and love the feeling she still gives me hugging her close, even after being her mother for eighteen years.She looks at me a moment turning slightly red. It's a red I know all too well, as the same eyes my wife owns- deep chocolate brown with Amber starburst in the middle- stare back at me. She runs her hands through the same bushy brown mane, and I realize how much she looks just like her mother, nearly identical."What is it?" She looks down, attempting to hide the red that is deepening in her cheeks. "My dear heart, you know you cannot keep any secrets from me. I can read you like a book." She smirks at the English phrase I have chosen to use, as my accent has all but faded except for when I have little too much champagne or I speak say my wife's name."Maman," She begins with a very shaky breathe, "I have found my mate."Those words strike me like a ton of bricks. My children are technically only ne eighth Veela, but once, if they choose to accept their mate, the will be taken over by their true Veela nature, becoming fully one with the creature inside them. Regaining my composure I look my daughter in those excited eyes I ask:"Are you sure?""Yes, Maman. He is tre magnifique!""He?" I raise an eyebrow. "Can I have a name please?""Pierre LeGrande."What? My daughter just said the name of one of the oldest Veela families in existence. Last I had heard of the LeGrande's they had all but retreated into their home near Versailles. Pierre LaGrande was the last know Veela Heir in a long line of male heirs who were 100% Veela, even if it meant denying themselves their true mate to have pure offspring, like so many wizarding families in Europe I know of."Are you sure about this?""Yes Maman.""Do you know who he is? Who's family he belongs to?""Yes, Maman. Grandmere introduced us at New Year's Eve."Apploine! That mother of mine! I knew letting my daughter go to one of her soirees would cause trouble!"I think we should call your mother.""Of course, Maman. Whatever you think is best, but she won't like it. She wants all of us to wait to marry until we're 35," she huffs as she plops into one of my armchairs, that hair spreading all over the place.It is true. My wife was thankful that I kept my Veela at bay for three years after the Battle of Hogwarts, when we were finally able to express our love and be bonded after she opened herself to me and her true heart."Hermione, my greatest love!" I call keeping my voice calm."Yes, dear?" She calls back through the noise of our other children who have also returned from school and our little Minerva, who has been waiting since Christmas for their return. Her voice is like music to my ears."Bernadette would like to speak with us!""Can't it wait for dinner?" She calls back exasperated as I hear Harbin, Ronald and Lowell attempt to take up a game of Quidditch in our great room, with Minerva squealing in delight as one of them threatens to take her on their broom."No it cannot, mon cher!" I use the special pet name for her so she knows the direness of the situations. With that I hear her heels make their way down the hall. She's still dressed for work, wearing that pin stripe skirt that I love, which hugs her hips in all the right places and has the great slit up the side, that is still very professional for the woman who almost single handedly runs the Ministry of Magic,"Yes darling?" She says snapping me out of my gaze as I think of the night before"Oh! I think you should come and sit down.""Of course." Her brow furrows much like her daughters who sits across from her. "Is something wrong?""Not wrong," I tell her, placing a hand on her leg, more as a way to keep her seated, rather than an act of intimacy. "Just not expected. Bernadette, please tell your mother your news."Taking a calming breathe Bernadette thinks to herself, a gesture much like her mother has made more than enough times in all my time of knowing her. "I've found my mate."The words still hit me like a punch in the face. I look at my wife an slowly I see tears gather in her eyes, as the smallest of line begin to gather around them as I realize a slow smile is creeping across her face."Oh! How wonderful!" She exclaims as she quickly gets up and grabs our daughter in a fierce hug. "Tell me more! Have you two officially bonded?""Hermione!" I exclaim, just as "Mum!" comes flying out of Bernadette's mouth. She is as shocked as I am by this reactions."What?!" she is shocked we are shocked, and somehow I fall in love with her even more after twenty four years. "Realizing my true heart's desire in your Maman was the greatest moment of my life. I had begun to see your thrall a few years ago and was curious if you would listen to your inner Veela." Her knowledge only begs my inner Veelas to get her alone as soon as possible."You must tell me how it happened," she begs our oldest as I hear a lamp crash in the great room. "Oh, those boysI'm sure they'll tell me it was the nargles!""Should I go and check on them, my love?""No! That's what spells are for! I want to hear all about your mate!" she lets go of her clone's hand and Bernadette takes a seat into the overstuffed, corduroy chair in which we have shared many a story time. Mon Dieu! She's no longer a little girl.Hermione and I sit on the sofa, and she snuggles into my arm. I smell her hair and it emits the most beautifully clean fragrance full of tea leaves. The scent leaves me half lidded for a moment and I kiss her temple, almost forgetting that our daughter is in the room."So," begins Bernadette, gathering her brow as to piece together her thoughts. "We met on New Year's Eve at Grandmere's party.""That Appoline!" Hermione giggles to herself. "Your grandmother is always up to mischief now that Gabrielle has finally found her mate." It's true, Gabi has only been married a few years and stayed attached to my parents until her mate came and whisked her away."I guess so," my daughter agrees. "Well, he-""So it's a boy!" Hermione claps her hands."Was at the party-""What's his name?!" Hermione interrupts again. I find her inexcusably attractive like this and begin to stroke the inside of her wrist, which has fallen naturally in my lap. She snuggles even closer, and I am smitten beyond belief."Mum! I can't keep up the story with you interrupting!" Bernadette huffs."I'm sorry, I'll be quiet," and she makes the motion to zip her mouth closed and smiles."Anyway," Bernadette draws out the word with extra syllables, like any teenager her age. "His name is Pierre LeGrande." I feel Hermione's body tense when she hears the name and her eyes go wide. She knows exactly who he is what being chosen as his mate could mean. "He is very handsome. I noticed him from across the Great Hall and our eyes locked. Immediately he crossed the room to speak to me. He stopped right in front of me. There was maybe six inches between us. Apparently the entire room went quiet waiting to see what we'd say. But I didn't notice .Something inside me said I was supposed to spend the rest of my life with this man. Quietly, yet confidently, he extended his hand, his clear blue eyes bore into mine, and said 'Hello, I'm Pierre LeGrande.' I told him my name. He repeated it and then kissed my hand. We spoke for a few more minutes before dinner was announced. He immediately went to Grandmere and asked her to be placed next to me. She obliged him and we spent the dinner talking then we spent the night dancing and at midnight we shared a champagne toast. He let not long after that, I thought he was going to kiss me," she puts her fingers to her lips. "But he didn't, he did kiss my cheek and then looked into my eyes and all of a sudden something inside of me began to change; and I could see his eyes also or from the most beautiful blue to almost black and he seemed to growl something that barely understood and he left." She catches her breath and realizes how intimate the moment was she had described, that she was now sharing with her mothers, and she turns bright red. "I thought I'd never see him again, that this was some silly thing that would only ever happen once in my life." She smiles to herself, reliving the moment in her mind. "But then six weeks later, on my first weekend outing, he appeared at the door of Beauxbatons with a bouquet of roses and the most amazing smileWe spent the day shopping and talking and chatting with the other girls.""He sounds like a perfect gentleman, my love" Hermione says squeezing my leg."But then what happened? You're leaving something out," I press her as I know what is coming."Well, this goes on for the next two meetings. We get to know each other. After the third trip he kisses me. That part of me rushes forward and I want so much more, I want him to discover me-" I clear my throat. Bernadette regains her composure. "And for the next two visits he only kisses me. They are lingering and I know he wants more but he tells me he wants to get through my tests and he has much to do with work. On our fifth visit he reserves a private room at one of the nicest restaurants in town because he wants to speak with me about what has been happening between us, what he believes could lead to a great future. At dinner he tells me I'm his mate. Everything he is describing to me happening within himself I have been feeling too. He wouldn't have kissed me if I wasn't his mate." She looks almost flabbergasted by the admittance."Did that scare you?" My wife asks."No. Surprisingly. He went onto explain about bonding," the blush returns to her cheeks."So you know the implications of bonding, especially between two Veela, and him being pure blood?" Bernadette nods."He told me he could wait until I was ready. He wants me to stay home when we have children. To guard our den, as it were. With my tests coming up he knew I would score high marks if I was worth my weight as a Granger-Delacour," she beams at us, as we are both highly intelligent, but my wife more so. "He wants me to have the most out of life. We have the rest of our lives.""You do, my beautiful girl," I tell her. "You two can grow a relationship outside of the Veela way, as your mother and I did and be much fulfilled. When you are ready to be bonded, to accept the responsibility, it will be the most amazing moment of your life, just as your mother has stated." Hermione looks at me lovingly."How long were you two together before you were bonded?" Bernadette asks, looking for some reassurance.My wife and I look at each other for a long time and twenty six years pass between us. From the moment I laid eyes on her I knew she was my mate, it took her a couple of years to realize what would ultimately pass between us, but I waited and it was worth it. So worth it. I realize this is a story we have never shared with our children. They know about the war, and how we met, but not how the two became one."There is much you have to understand now that you have chosen to be with your mate", I tell my daughter putting specific weight on the words."What do you mean Maman?""I think we should continue this discussion tomorrow. Aunt Luna and Uncle Harry will be here with your cousins. We can speak more in depth then. I look to Hermione for reassurance."Uh, Yes! I think that would be best. Perhaps we should also floo your grandparents. They will have even more knowledge on how to go about this situation."Bernadette takes on that look again, as if she's thinking too hard about something she can only experience."What is it?" I ask, leaning forward and reaching for her."I want him to come here soon. Being apart is awful," a chuckle escapes my wife."Yes it is. Simply awful.""Why don't you go ask your brothers to figure out what they want for dinner and we'll go out tonight since everyone is home," I offer to relieve my daughter's gloom."Alright, Mum," she huffs as she gets up with a huff and I can see that her Veela is dying to take over."Then after you argue with them, go floo Pierre and tell him he can come in two days," her eyes light up. "We'll be sending your bothers and Minerva with your aunt and uncle to see the Weasley's and we will meet the man who has stolen your heart.""Oh, thank you Maman!" She rushes to hug me and Hermione fiercely, and leaves, her eyes shining, full of love and her thrall all over the place. "Hey!" she yells going down the hall. "Who wants pizza?" We hear three cheers and one little yelp of delight. Hermione pulls herself from the couch and heads toward the door, sashaying for my benefit, and I let out a low whistle. She turns around and winks at me, heading into the rowdy mess. I get up and follow her into the great room and we apparate to the restaurant.Later that evening as I am lazily changing for bed, while Hermione gets everyone to sleep, I can't help but think of my daughter, eighteen and found her mate. I was seventeen when I met her mother. The moment I laid eyes on her I knew. Something inside of me screamed that I needed to conquer her. That I would love that girl, who was almost a woman, for the rest of eternity. But I also knew I could wait, as she didn't have any idea of who I was or what I was for that matter. Now my daughter, is ready to take on the being within, to let the two parts of her combine into one being. We weren't like my grandmother, who was born Veela, so she lived the duality her whole being. There is something that simply takes over once you let it happen. It is strange and wonderful at the same time. I smiled thinking of how my heart nearly leapt out of my chest and I suddenly felt as if I could fly upon seeing that crazy main of curly brown hair. Just as I am lost in my memory of her, Hermione walks through the bedroom door, quietly closing it. She discards her shoes, she's still wearing heels by the way, and I have no idea how she does it all day, and charms them into place. Making her way into the bathroom she washes her face and brushes her teeth the muggle way- a thing she has never given up and comes back into the room and begins to undress, unashamedly, something she has come to be comfortable with. Her clothes fly off and into the hamper and I am dumbfounded. She still looks amazing after twenty four years of seeing her naked and birthing my five children. Her bra and panties come off, matching of course, black with white polka dots, and I am still standing there slack jawed, my Veela coming forward full force as she crawls into bed. I quickly throw back the covers and join her. She lets that beautiful, curly, deep brown hair down, which she has somehow learned to tame in all our years together, and settles naturally into my arms, as they automatically encircle her creamy while skin. The smoothness of her body envelopes my being and I begin to plant small kisses all over her shoulder and neck. She is responsive, but distant, more than likely thinking about something too hard, and I begin to run my hands all over her body."A mate," she sighs and the word stops me dead in my pursuit of conquering her for the ten thousandth time. We are still for a moment, then she turns and looks me square in the eye and says: "When did we get so old as to have a child who has found their mate?""Judging from your reaction today, I take it you are not happy about Bernadette taking this step?" I sit up as I know where this is leading, and it is not to the place between her thighs."No! I'm happy. So happy for her. I just thought our kids would be like Gabi and not find their mate until they were in their 30's. And now I feel old. Suddenly, I could be a grandmother.""The sexiest grandmother," I tell her sincerely."I'm worried about how she will react to our story," she playfully bats at me. "It is not a usual Veela meeting their mate story. She was taught about the Battle of Hogwarts and of Voldermort, but not of what happened before she was even a thought in our head. Or that we were even sure about having her or her siblings" her hand falls to the duvet that covers her stomach. I cover my hand in hers and think about the losses we have suffered due to the hand of that evil man and the people who loved him."But we made it," I reassure her taking her into my arms again and holding her tight. "And all our children will be stronger for it.""How do you think your mother will take it?""I think she will be happy, the end of the war means there are more and more Veelas running around without fear.""I'm so happy I am a part of that revolution," she arranges herself to kiss me deeply, and my hands take up where they let off. Before I know it my clothes are missing and Hermione is on top of me, our bodies melting into one another with each passionate kiss. I slowly turn her over and make my way down her body to the most perfect of places and kiss her there. She gasps as I delve into her inner lips and lick her swollen clit, drawing out her moans of pleasure much to my own delight. I concentrate harder on making her come with just my tongue, and just as I think she will explode I stop. Putting my first two fingers in her amazingly wet center and my thumb to her clit I move up her body, kissing along the way until I find her lips, half agape in pleasure and kiss her. I take it slow again and the orgasm she releases into my hand is so powerful she pushes me out. She regains her composure and with a very intense stare, her brown eyes bright, the amber in the center almost glowing she growls from the depth of her being:"Again, but you know what I want."I silently oblige her placing myself fully between her legs and I feel myself become the Veela, as the feathers begin to come out and I see her take in the creature within me, the desire growing on her face, slightly faced with a little fear. Suddenly, she lets out a cry, and smiles wide."There you are..." she purrs allowing her hips to meet mine. Kissing me again."This time, Delecour: do your worst!""Mon Dieu! The way you feel never gets old, my Hermione!" I cry as I feel her from the inside in a new way and then possess her with all of my being.
