"There is nothing worse than death, Dumbledore!"At the age of four, little Tom Marvolo Riddle was curious about the world around him. Sometimes, with the innocence of a child, he would collect the butterflies that he found laying about the yard and put them in an old shoebox he had found discarded by one of the other boys. He wondered at their beauty and grace, but was curious about why they didn't still fly around like others of their kind. One day, he went up to Mrs. Cole, who seemed nice enough, and asked her his question."Why, Tom...," she said with a sad smile, "they're dead."Tom frowned, a small movement that turned his usually handsome face into a mass of wrinkles and hard lines. He thought back to all the times he'd ever heard that word used in conversations around him. Suddenly, he made a connection. "Is that...what happened to my Mother and Father?"The woman opened her mouth, gripped the bottle of gin she had in her hand tighter, set her mouth in a tight line and put a hand on Tom's dark head. He became angry with her hesitation."Tell the truth!" he shouted.Mrs. Cole flinched."Yes, Tom," she said defeatedly,"but they are in a much better place now."Tom couldn't possibly see how. He staggered back as if struck, away from Mrs. Cole's well meaning eyes, and ran.When he got to his room, he flung himself upon his small cot. He sobbed terribly for quite some time. It will never happen to me, he thought furiously. I'll never die, he promised himself. Tom took out the box with the prized butterflies he knew now to be dead, and spread them out upon the blanket. Their absolute stillness frightened him now. One by one, he crushed them, saw their fragile wings and bodies smashed into a glittering paste.They are weaker than I am, he considered for a moment, and that is why they died. Not bothering to brush off the residue, he pulled the rough spread over himself and curled up on his side in the looming dark. It will never happen to me, I'm going to conquer Death. I'll be stronger than anyone. Whatever my parents were, they must have been weak, like those stupid butterflies, he thought bitterly. He resolved to not be weak anymore.He rocked back and forth for a while, like he used to do to comfort himself after he got pushed around by Billy Stubbs and the other boys for his unfortunate name and generally being "weird".It will never happen to me, he thought again, his face scrunched up angrily, wet with tears. I won't let it!It will never happen to me.Reviews are love! I wrote this due to my own crippling fear of death and I've always identified with Voldemort in that regard. I'd always wondered, and maybe you have too, how that came to be an issue for him. To keep power is one thing, yes, but there's always a root cause. A fear of not existing is likely, and something I think about daily The quote on top is from OOTP.
