Disclaimer : I don't own anything, it all belongs to JK RowlingRedemption of the Soul...Chapter 1: Starting OverAt eighteen you are supposed to be full of life and making stupid mistakes, but Hermione felt as drained as someone more than thrice her age.Her small lilac colored bedroom unsettled her, it was as if she was a stranger in this bedroom intruding on a life that wasn't hers to live. But what bothered her most was that it was far too easy to say goodbye to her childhood home, it hadn't felt like her home for a long time.Home is where the heart lies.Hermione most certainly didn't feel that way. This was just a house, a house where her parents used to live. And without them it was like a skeleton with its organs missing, useless.Removing her wand from the hidden sheath inside her sleeve she locked all the windows and doors. Years of being in constant danger had caused her to be wary so she kept her wand with her at all times.Taking one last look around, Hermione apparated with a faint pop.A second later she opened her eyes only to be surrounded by familiar smells and sounds of Kings Cross Station. But all that faded to the background when she spotted the familiar cluster of bright red hair. In her mind nobody else was on that platform making it easy for her to get to them, but in reality the station was bustling with people. It didn't matter, the only two people Hermione cared about at that moment were standing right in front of her. Grabbing Harry and Ron tightly and pulling them in close to breathe their familiar scent Hermione realized how much she had missed them. How much she had feared that they wouldn't survive.Despite all the odds, they were here."Er Hermione," Harry mumbled uncomfortably, indicating to the crowd around around them who had taken to not so subtly staring. Blushing Hermione took a step back, she was uncomfortable with all the public attention, Harry was used to it, and Ron well he seemed to be basking in the limelight just a little too much."So what did you two get up to over summer, god knows how you both survived without me," smiling softly at her two best friends Hermione reminisced over all the happy memories they shared while Ron described the intense quidditch training he and Harry had been trying.Snapped out of her reverie by the big bustling form of Molly Weasley, Hermione let a soft chuckle escape her lips. As the woman berated her much taller son , "-I'm not going to see you all year remember, the polite thing is to say goodbye to your mother. I raised you better than this, Ronald Weasley"Despite the fact that Ron was a well built man of 6 foot he still cowered under the inquisition of the famous Molly Weasley. Even Harry laughed at this, despite the fact he wasn't much better himself.After that Hermione's vision became a blur as she was ambushed with farewell hugs by the entirety of the Weasley clan.One face stuck in her head however. After the death of Fred, George had withdrawn into himself. Never smiling, laughing, no evidence of the laughter his being seemed to exude. George's death was the main reason Hermione hadn't seen the Weasley family all summer. They had needed some time to grieve, and while nothing would ever be the same most of the family seemed to be returning to some semblance of normal. But George looked like he had died along with his brother, and no one knew if he would ever be okay.Hermione felt haunted as she remembered the look of George's eyes as the train began to leave the station.Draco wasn't oblivious to the reaction of those around him.Far from it.He was extremely aware of the wide berth that his peers gave him as he stepped onto the Kings Cross Platform. Did they really think he couldn't hear their whispers."Death Eater," someone hissed as he passed by. Probably an idiot, Gryffindor. All the same Draco snapped his head around in the direction of the voice, glaring at a small group of fifth years before stalking off in the direction of the train.Draco dug his fingernails into his palms, wincing at the pain, as he remembered his promise to his mother.After the war the Malfoy family surrendered to the ministry. Because Draco was still underage he couldn't be sent to Azkaban so he was released on a probation until his trial.The same could not be said for his parents. Lucius' trial was two weeks after they had been arrested and he looked like hell. His once regal posture, was now slumped and broken. His skin had a sickly yellow hue, but worst of all his eyes were vacant and hollow. The wizengamot had hardly been understanding, they sentenced Lucius to life in prison. Not that Draco thought he deserved any sort of compassion.Narcissa Malfoy's trial had been more complicated, only a week after Lucius' trial, she had appeared looking like a shell of the person she once was. The wizengamot had trouble deciding her fate, while she had never been directly involved in any Death Eater crimes, she had witnessed them and stood by silently. What had really been the deciding factor was Harry Potter's testimony. He had told the jury all about how she had defied Voldemort by telling him that Harry was dead. Narcissa had been released on a parole, which was more than Draco could have hoped for. He had spent his whole summer attempting to return her to some semblance of her previous self."Draco, I love you, but you know as well as I do that the world we live in is changing fast. And in order to keep up with it we must change ourselves, its hard to accept but what we believed is wrong. I want you to promise me that you will try and change, forget your prejudices." At this point Draco couldn't do anything but nod and curse his mother for guilting him into agreeing.The truth was Draco was confused, he had no idea what to believe anymore.He felt betrayed.Draco Malfoy was a lost soul in denial, but he boarded the train without looking back.A/N : this chapter is a short one, they will get longer i promise. Please tell me what you think. I hope you enjoyed it. More coming soon.
