Hermione Granger walked out of her apartment into the brisk cold air and hugged her sweater tighter. It was around evening and Ron and her had been fighting again, so she decided to go for a walk till she didn't want to hex him anymore.Ever since the war ended, Hermione and Ron had been living together, Big mistake. Every night for the last 2 and a half years, they fought. About ridiculous things as well. Hermione sighed as a cold wind blew her hair back and lightly went across her face. It was nearing dark and she was about to turn around when she saw a figure, standing on the bridge. Hermione stared for a long time, contemplating what she should do. She immediately made her decision when she saw the being step up onto the railings. "oh..shit." Hermione murmured as she broke into a run. "Hey! Don't do it!" She screamed as she saw the, now what she could tell, man take a step. His head immediately found where the sound came from and stepped back onto the bridge. As Hermione got closer she immediately recognized the man.He was tall, muscular and had bright blonde hair. "Malfoy..?" her voice was barely a whisper. He had tear stained cheeks and his eyes were red from crying. "What do you want, Granger?" He spat, his voice cracking a bit. Hermione was torn. She never in her life, would she have thought Draco Malfoy, the slytherin prince, would try to end his own life. She looked at him puzzled, studying his now tough facade. "Why..why were you on the bridge?" Hermione stuttered.Draco looked down, he didn't expect anyone to tell him not to do it. Let alone Hermione Granger. Stupid Gryffindor Mudblood, he thought. "What did it look like?" He crossed his arms over his chest. "Why.." her voice was quiet and full of concern, which shocked Draco. "Why do you care? shouldn't you be happy I was going to do it?" his words flew like venom and Hermione shook her head. "I wouldn't be happy about anyone doing that." he felt confused, why was she here? she hated him. She shouldve ran the other direction when she saw him. "Do you want to go get coffee?..or butterbeer?" Hermione suddenly suggested looking at Draco like she just asked him to be her sperm donor. "uhm, sure." he was still in shock by the sudden proposal and would never turn down butterbeer. They walked in silence to the nearest pub when Hermione stopped him, "Can you tell me why, first." her voice was soft, and made him believe she couldn't hurt a fly, and to him, that was appealing. He sighed and looked at the ground, motioning for them to keep walking."Ever since the war ended, it's just been really hard. I lost a lot of my friends because they associated me withyou know. Nobody took the time to hear my story, aside from the Ministry when I went on trial. My only family..is my Mother, ever since my no-good Father was sent to Azskaban." Draco took a deep breath and glanced at Hermione who was listening acutely, as always. "I was tired of everybody giving me rude glances everywhere I go. I convinced myself..It'd be better if I was gone." He said the last part in a soft sad voice that nearly broke Hermiones heart. She wanted to hug him, but was afraid of his reaction. He seemed so different from when they were kids. Almost like the war, and being alone, changed him into a nicer, gentler person. "Please don't tell anyone." Draco stood in front of Hermione now, his eyebrows curved towards his eyes making him look like he was thinking really really hard about something. She nodded. "Of course, Itll be our secret" She smiled and opened the door to the pub.The strong smell of butterbeer and food hit their noses, along with the warmth of the pub. Draco took off his coat and hung it on the shelf, after debating about it for several moments, he took Hermiones off her shoulder and hung it up as well, Avoiding her questioning glare.They decided on sitting in one of the back booths, Just in case someone they knew came in, well, Hermione knew. "I just saved your life, I don't want Ron to see you and hex your face off." She joked after they ordered 2 butterbeers. Draco laughed, wholeheartedly laughed. "I'm not scared of weaselbee" He snorted and raised an eyebrow. Hermione laughed and looked at her hands.Draco would never admit it outloud, but as he stared at Granger now, her brown curly hair falling perfectly around her heart shaped face, she was absolutely stunning. "So, Granger. What were you doing out all alone?" he smirked and took a sip of his drink. Hermiones smile disappeared and she had what was almost sadness appear in her eyes. "Ron and Iwe've been fighting an awful lot. I needed to go for a walk." She admitted, "Before I hexed him to oblivion." a small smile appeared on her lips. "I wouldve loved to see that." Draco laughed. My father would hex ME to oblivion if he saw me being civil with you, he thought and looked at his hands. "it would be quite the show." Hermiones smile from earlier returned to her face, and he was glad he was able to bring it back? Oh merlin what was going on, Draco thought. "Whats wrong?" He snapped his head up and too his unknowing, he had a look of dismay on his face, "oh..i was just thinking. how different things are now." he took another sip of his drink and Hermione nodded, "yeah..I never thought I'd be sitting here with you, joking around like we've been best friends for years." she laughed, she had such a gentle adorable laugh that nearly hypnotized Draco everytime. "Maybe we could've.." he mumbled looking at his hands.Hermione stared at the boy in front of her in shock, "sorry what?" she needed to hear that again, to make sure it was true what she had heard. Draco sighed and looked around avoiding her eyes, "I said, maybe we could've been friends. If it wasn't for my Father and his stupid beliefs." he said with so much hatred to no one in particular. Hermione nodded, understanding exactly what he meant. "Lets start now then." She smiled and put her hand out to Draco, "Hi, I'm Hermione Granger. You are?" Draco looked up at her and returned the smile, shaking her hand. "Hello Ms. Granger. I'm Draco Malfoy. Its a pleasure." He held her hand and did the unthinkable, pulled her hand to his lips and kissed it softly. Hermione stared at him in shock, but then laughed. "This new..nice Malfoy..is quite terrifying." she said in spurts of giggles. Draco watched her carefully before laughing himself, "would you rather me be a dick? call you a few names?" he smirked chugging the rest of his butterbeer, He didn't even realize Hermione already downed hers. Hermione shook her head, "I like this new Draco." she smiled and looked at the time "Shit..Rons going to be-" She was stopped mid sentence when she saw the firey red head walk in the door. She immediately ducked, much to Dracos confusion. "What are you doing" he said looking at her from under the table. "SHHH! Rons here!" she whispered and he understood completely.If he saw her with him, it'd just cause more fights between them, and as her new friend as weird as it may be, he didn't want her sad. He watched as the red haired boy circled the room with his eyes, they met Dracos and he smiled waving his hand. Ron looked utterly confused and shocked. He shook his head and continued around the room, as he got closer Draco could here what he was asking. "Have you seen Hermione? she's been gone for almost 2 hours now." Has it really been 2 hours? Draco thought and jumped when someone stepped on his foot. "Ow!" he blurted by instinct. He lent down, "Granger can you watch it?" he whispered, she smiled apologetically. Draco shook his head and when he looked up, the Weasley was standing in front of his table. He felt Hermione move slightly closer to his legs and he stiffened. He has had girls on their knees like this for him, but not in the way she was. "Hey Weaselbee" Draco chimed, smiling at his long-time enemy. "Have you seen Hermione" Ron asked, obviously not wanting to talk to Draco but needed to know if he saw her. Draco smirked, "Yeah, she's at my apartment waiting for m-" he was pinched from underneath the table and he jumped. Ron looked at him curiously, rage fuming inside him from Dracos earlier statement. "No, I haven't seen her. Don't get your panties in a bunch." Ron didn't looked convinced but turned around and walked away anyway. After a few minutes of pestering the bartender again, he left. "Hey, Granger, You can come out now." Draco said nonchalantly.Hermione poked her head out from under the table and looked around, then sighed in relief. Then she smacked Draco in the back of the head, "Ow! What was that for?!" He shouted, now rubbing the back of his head. "For the first thing you said to him! oh if i wasn't trying to be hidden.." she snarled, though a smile was playing at her lips. "I should probably go before Ron has all the Aurors looking for me." She felt sad, it was weird that she actually enjoyed her time with Draco tonight, and was looking forward to their possible friendship. Draco nodded, leaning his head down so she wouldn't see his frown. He also, didn't want her to leave. "Let me walk you home." He said as he got up walking Hermione to the door and grabbing their coats. "Oh, No. If Ron saw you.." she trailed off realizing Draco wasn't convinced. "I told you, Weaselbee doesn't scare me." he smirked and handed her, her coat. "Also, I must make sure you are safe, since you saved my life. I have to repay you somehow." He smiled, and she shook her head. "Alright but if we see Ron, I'm jumping into a bush." they laughed as they walked out of the pub and the now colder dry air hit them like a brick wall. Hermione shivered and almost jumped out of her skin when Draco suddenly put his arm around her pulling her into his chest. But she didn't back away, or feel disgusted. It felt, right? She shook the thought of her head. Sure, when they were kids she had a crush on Draco, but now? no, she loved Ron. They we're just friends anyways, and barely knew each other as it is. But something about his arm around her, and being so close to him, made butterflies fly around her stomach like maniacs.They arrived at Hermiones apartment after about 20 minutes of walking, "Should I walk you up? or do you think you'll be ok?" Draco smirked knowing damn right this woman could take care of herself. Hell, she took care of the other dimwits and her self and they all made it out find. Hermione gave a fake shakey smile, "Im sure I can manage" then there was an awkwardness. Should He hug her? shake her hand? give her a high five? Before he could think he was hugging her, "Thank you" He whispered softly into her hair. She stayed stiff for awhile till she also wrapped her arms around him. The electricity between them was spreading like wildfire throughout their bodies. Draco pulled away, "We have to do this again, promise? I'll write you." Hermione smiled and made her way to the doors of the appartment after Draco nodded. He watched her slowly start to disappear into the building then decided to make his way home aswell. Being the lazy guy he is though, he decided on apparating instead of walking.When Draco got him he immediately went to his desk where his parchment, ink and quil laid. He took out a clean crisp piece and began writing.Granger, Lunch tomorrow? Meet me at the bridge where you saved me. -DM.He didn't know why, but he wanted to see her again, Hear her laugh, listen to her talk about the things important to her. Maybe he did know why, but he could never admit it. Not to him self, or to anyone
