In my first memory, I am 2 years old, lying on the warm grass watching my father cast green sparks into the air. I am giggling, reaching up as if my small fingers could grab the sparks and pull them down to me, hold them and treasure them forever.FlashI am 5, watching my mother sobbing into my fathers' chest, clutching a crumpled piece of parchment in her hand. The owl on the windowsill, the evening sun casting a golden glow onto the silver-tinged scene. It was the first time I had ever seen my father at loss for words.FlashI am newly 6, standing next to the open grave, the too-small coffin closed off to the world. My mother, barely able to stand, leaning on my father for support. He looked like he was struggling to hold the weight of their sorrow and all I wanted to do was take that sorrow and cast it into the sky, float it up to the moon, immortalise it so everyone could hold a piece above themselves and realise what my parents were going through. I took my fathers' hand as my baby sister was lowered into the snowy ground.FlashThese were days of sadness, hidden meaning in words and light touches to reassure of our presence. My mother spent the days sitting in the rocking chair by the window, staring at nothing for hours on end. Her blank stares unnerved me so much, I took to going out into the bush just to get away from the house.FlashI am now 10, about to blow out the candles on my cake. My father is holding the camera, taking photos of me. Just as I take a breath in, my mother appears in the doorway, holding a large cardboard box. I remember my mind filling with confusion and hope; she never left her chair anymore, only rising to go to bed in the evening, and coming downstairs to sit for the day. Maybe she is better again. Wordlessly she held the box out to me, her eyes conveying all she cannot say.FlashI am still 10 , watching Jasper roll over and over and over, chasing the string she can never reach. I am laughing, my father smiling but focused on the waving string held aloft by his wand. Jasper suddenly flips, spinning into the air, her black paws extended skyward. With a flick of his wand, the string rises higher in the air, away from the kittens' reaching paws. There is a soft gasp from behind us, and I swing around, see my mother standing by the oak table, hand over her mouth. My father drops the string so fast Jasper misses it, and it tangles in her ears."Guess the knot came undone. Your cat is strong."My father ruffles my hair, then stands and leads my mother out of the room. I spent hours puzzling over his words, trying to decipher them, find the answer to his lie. It never occurred to me that it was because my mother couldn't do magic. That night, the tears and shouting could be heard floating adrift the cool air, working its way into my haven, piercing my heart with fragile glass shards.FlashI am 11. Metal screeching, tearing as the two cars lock together and hurdle off the embankment, red over blue over red. We are one, slamming into a tree, tumbling again and again and again, until at last the momentum runs out and we stop, rocking backwards and forwards a few times, settling to a ball of smoke, fire and burning rubber."Mum? Dad?" My voice is small, lost in the wails of sirens. The lack of response chills me. I turn my head to look out the window, blinking in confusing. The ground is blocking my view. I don't know how long I sat there in a haze of smoke, staring at the ground, blood pouring down my face. Eventually the fire brigade cut me loose, lifting my limp body from the wreckage. They gave me oxygen and fluids, wrapping me in a blanket, lying me on a stretcher. I lay there, staring at the clouds, holding the slowly-cooling hands of my parents, unable to cry.-0-0-0-"Ellie?" The voice of my Transfiguration professor breaks the spell (not literally, have no fear) in my head, and I surface into a classroom. Every student is staring at me, and I feel my face burn.Tell us about yourself, Ellie. What is your story? Everyone in Auburn knows me, knows my 'story'. I've never had to introduce myself, explain my scars. Yet now, in this bright, airy classroom in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, I am making a fool of myself. On my first day, in my first class. Smart. Really smart. Jason's voice pipes up from the corner of my mind. Shut up, I think."I'm, uh, I'm Ellie. I live in Auburn, but I used to live in Sydney, in Australia.""You've come a long way to attend Hogwarts, haven't you?" Her voice is kind, gentle like I am fragile and might break under the weight of my classmates' stares."I guess so." I'm muttering now, but I don't care. Most of them have lost interest, whispering or looking out the window. She nods, turns away, calls the class to attention. As their stares shift to the Professor, I breathe out.
