So I decided to write one of those 'the marauders and Lily get sent books from the future' thing except they're going to be reading about their deaths. I might add little snippets of Harry's life after I finish the deaths like maybe Voldemort's death and/or the epilogue or something.Also, Peter is good in this story. I hate fanfics where the other marauders treat him like dirt but still hang around him for seemingly no apparent reason other than the fact that he's in their year. Obviously, those four boys were the best of friends in school and, considering how they treated Snape, they wouldn't like and respect Peter for nothing. He must have been fun to hang around with at some point. One other thing: I've never actually read in the books about the Head Boy and Head Girl getting their own dorms and common room but I've seen people have it in their fanfictions and for the purpose of this story, I'm including it here. They do need somewhere private to read, after all, and all of them hanging around the Head Boy and Girl's common room seems a lot less suspicious than them just going to the 7th floor and hanging around there for no reason (if I had decided to use the Room of Requirement).Lily walked out of her room and into the Head Boy and Head Girl's common room and sat on the couch to wait for James to be ready to go down to breakfast. While she waited, she threw her hair up into a ponytail, letting her bangs hang on the side. She nearly jumped out of her skin when the common room door burst open and Remus, Sirius, and Peter barged in."Why did I ever tell you people the password?" James asked from behind her as he came out of his room, shirtless and drying his hair with a towel."The question is," Sirius grinned, flopping down on the couch next to Lily, winking at her, "why did you wait so long to tell us?""Come on guys," Peter moaned. "Breakfast!""Calm down, Peter," Remus rolled his eyes, sitting down next to Sirius, "It'll still be there if we wait another five minutes for James to put a shirt on"he raised his eyebrows pointedly at James"and finish getting ready."James rolled his eyes, and pulled his white button-down shirt on, buttoning it expertly with nimble fingers."I'm with Peter," Lily spoke up, smirking. "I'm starving." She hopped up and linked her arm with Peter's. "C'mon, Wormtail. Let's leave these losers.""All right!" Peter cheered as they left the common room.About ten minutes after they arrived at the Great Hall for breakfast and helped themselves, the rest of the Marauders showed up, James sliding onto the bench next to Lily and Remus and Sirius sitting across from them, loading food onto their plates. James pecked Lily on the cheek before doing the same.It was a Saturday, the first day of the winter holidays. Even though they were in seventh year and had more work to do than the younger years, they still usually saved it for the last few days of the holidays. Even so, they still made their way back of the Head Boy and Head Girl's common room as soon as they finished eating. It was too cold outside to do much and they didn't really have anywhere else to go when it was still ten in the morning.They arrived in the common room and threw their stuff down on the floor next to the door, all five of them heading for the couch and two chairs. Straight away, Lily and James made their way to the couch that was really meant for two people, even though Sirius trailed behind, squeezing between Lily and James at the last moment, throwing them a cheeky smile as they rolled their eyes in unison."I'm already bored," Sirius complained, resting his head on James' shoulder dramatically."And what am I supposed to do about that?" James huffed a laugh."Entertain me!" Sirius shouted loudly and Lily jumped at the sudden noise before smacking his head."Don't scream like that," Lily scolded. "What do you want to do, then?"Lily flinched in surprise once again (which was getting really old, mind you) as there was a puff of smoke and a note fell onto her lap and a stack of papers appeared at her feet. She picked the note up warily."What is it?" James asked excitedly, leaning around Sirius to look at the paper."It's a note," Lily replied cautiously."Well? Read it!" Sirius pouted when she wouldn't let him look at it.Dear: Sirius, Remus, Lily, Peter, and James,I am from the future which is why I shall not reveal my identity. "Yeah right," Sirius snorted. Lily shushed him and kept reading.All of you will read the pages that have just appeared in the order they are stacked in. You will not invite anyone else to read with you nor will you speak of this information to anyone."What are the pages about?" Remus asked curiously, reaching out for them. Lily slapped his hand away before he could grab them. "Let me finish reading first," she laughed.Some crucial details: In three years, James and Lily will have a son called Harry James Potter."Three years?" Lily repeated in disbelief. James just cheered and high-fived with Sirius."He's got a cool name," James said excitedly.Harry will be raised by his Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon as Lily and James will be unable to do so.James' eyebrows scrunched together in confusion. "But... why?""Does something happen to you two?" Peter asked worriedly, leaning forward anxiously."Even so..." James continued thoughtfully. "I would have left Harry in Sirius, Remus, or Peter's care. Or my parents." James added before turning to Lily. "Isn't Petunia your sister who hates magic?"Lily nodded, not saying anything before she continued reading.He will have two of the best friends he's ever known. They are named Ronald Bilius Weasley "Like...Arthur Weasley?" James' eyes narrowed in concentration and he tilted his head to the side, "Didn't he have, like, three sons already? And isn't his wife pregnant again?""Yeah, I think so," Sirius agreed, thinking of Arthur Weasley, his second cousin once removed or something.and Hermione Jean Granger. Ron is the sixth son of Molly and Arthur Weasley "Sixth son?" Remus asked disbelievingly.and Hermione is a bright, muggle-born witch who was once referred to by Remus Lupin as "the brightest witch of her age." Remus blushed as their eyes turned to him. "Don't look at me, she's not even born yet!"I have provided you with pages that are about each of your deaths "Each of our whats?" Peter asked nervously.as Harry Potter was there for all but one of them."Oh, he had to see them?" Lily asked sadly, shaking her head.It will tell you what happened right before your deaths and right after. This is the order in which you will die: James Potter, Lily Evans, Sirius Black, Peter Pettigrew, and Remus Lupin.Remus sighed, it seemed he would be left alone for a while.Enjoy. James raised his eyebrows in shock mouthing, 'enjoy?' to Sirius.(Well that may be the wrong word to use but you know what I mean).James Potter and Lily EvansThey all sucked in a breath, preparing for the worst.Your deaths are told from Voldemort's point of view."What?" James asked angrily while Peter winced at the name. But Lily was thinking something entirely different, did Voldemort kill them?Now, I understand that this may not be pleasing to hear, let alone from Voldemort's viewpoint, but you must carry on and read it. Harry is one year old."Um, all right. I'll start then," Remus said nervously.The night wet and windy, two children dressed as pumpkins waddling across the square and the shop windows covered in paper spiders, all the tawdry Muggle trappings of a world in which they did not believe... And he was gliding along, that sense of purpose and power and rightness in him that he always knew on these occasions... Not anger... that was for weaker souls than he... but triumph, yes... He had waited for this, he had hoped for it..."Nice costume, mister!"He saw the small boy's smile falter as he ran near enough to see beneath the hood of the cloak, saw the fear cloud his pained face: Then the child turned and ran away... Beneath the robe he fingered the handle of his wand... One simple movement and the child would never reach his mother... Lily gasped, "No!"but unnecessary, quite unnecessary...They all sighed in relief.And along a new and darker street he moved, and now his destination was in sight at last, the Fidelius Charm broken, James' eyes widened. It seemed they had been hiding from Voldemort. They had known that he was after them specifically. But who was their secret-keeper?"What's the Fidelius Charm?" Peter asked Remus quietly."It's a charm that hides something or someone. If James and Lily's house was under the Fidelius Charm and you weren't told where it was by the secret-keeper, you could be standing right in front of it and not know it was there," Remus explained. "But only the secret- keeper can tell anyone where it is. Even if you know the secret, if you are not the secret-keeper, you won't be able to tell anyone. And the secret-keeper cannot be forced into telling."This troubled Peter. That meant that whoever was the secret-keeper gave James and Lily to You-Know-Who by their own free will.though they did not know it yet... And he made less noise than the dead leaves slithering along the pavement as he drew level with the dark hedge, and steered over it...Sirius shivered at the creepiness of it.They had not drawn the curtains; he saw them quite clearly in their little sitting room, the tall black-haired man in his glasses, making puffs of colored smoke erupt from his wand for the amusement of the small black-haired boy in his blue pajamas. The child was laughing and trying to catch the smoke, to grab it in his small fist...Lily smiled sadly though tears welled up in her eyes. They must have been so happy... This must be why Harry was raised by Petunia and Vernon. But how did he survive?A door opened and the mother entered, saying words he could not hear, her long dark-red hair falling over her face. Now the father scooped up the son and handed him to the mother. He threw his wand down upon the sofa and stretched, yawning...Sirius turned to him in disbelief and James couldn't argue. "Why the bloody hell would I put my wand down if I knew he was after us?""We must have really trusted our Secret-Keeper," Lily said softly. James shifted uncomfortably, refusing to believe that one of his friends had betrayed them.The gate creaked a little as he pushed it open, but James Potter did not hear. His white hand pulled out the wand beneath his cloak and pointed it at the door, which burst open..."Stupid, stupid, stupid," James muttered angrily at himself. Sirius looked at him, concerned, before sharing a look with Lily and switching places with her so that she could comfort her soon-to-be husband.He was over the threshold as James came sprinting into the hall. It was easy, too easy, he had not even picked up his wand...Remus' voice was tense now as he read quickly."Lily, take Harry and go! It's him! Go! Run! I'll hold him off!"James squeezed his eyes shut. How could he be so foolish, leaving his wand lying around?Hold him off, without a wand in his hand!... He laughed before casting the curse..."Avada Kedavra!"Lily gasped and the moisture in her eyes spilled over as James put an arm around her, pulling her to his side.Sirius pinched the bridge of his nose and blinked back tears. His best friend...The green light filled the cramped hallway, it lit the pram pushed against the wall, it made the banisters glow like lighting rods, and James Potter fell like a marionette whose strings were cut...There was barely a breath heard in the room and the tension was thick. They refused to believe that this would happen in only four short years.He could hear her screaming from the upper floor, trapped, but as long as she was sensible, she, at least, had nothing to fear... "What?" Sirius spoke up, his voice thick. Everyone turned to him and he sighed, "He just said that if Lily was sensible, she had nothing to fear. Is he not planning on killing her?"Remus tilted his head thoughtfully. Sirius did have a point. And anything that would keep his mind busy and not thinking about how one of his best friends just died was welcome.He climbed the steps, listening with faint amusement to her attempts to barricade herself in... James narrowed his eyes. How dare he be amused that he had just committed murder and was about to do so again?She had no wand upon her either... How stupid they were, and how trusting, thinking that their safety lay in friends, that weapons could be discarded even for moments...Everyone sucked in a breath sharply. So it was one of them. Who had betrayed them?"I think," James said shakily, "that we shouldn't jump to conclusions yet."Everyone agreed, glad to not have to suspect each other yet.He forced the door open, cast aside the chair and boxes hastily piled against it with one lazy wave of his wand... and there she stood, the child in her arms. At the sight of him, she dropped her son into the crib behind her and threw her arms wide, as if this would help, as if in shielding him from sight she hoped to be chosen instead...Lily let out a sob. Please don't kill him, don't kill my son."Not Harry, not Harry, please not Harry!""Stand aside, you silly girl... stand aside, now.""See!" Sirius said suddenly. "He's giving her a choice! Why is he giving her a choice? Not that I'm complaining," he added hastily."Yes but..." Remus was confused. "Why does he want to kill Harry? He's only a baby!"When no one answered, he continued reading."Not Harry, please no, take me, kill me instead-""This is my last warning-""Not Harry! Please... have mercy... have mercy... Not Harry! Not Harry! Please-I'll do anything...""Stand aside. Stand aside, girl!"He could have forced her away from the crib, but it seemed more prudent to finish them all...Everyone tensed. This was it.The green light flashed around the room and she dropped like her husband.This time James began to cry, silent tears streaming down his face. Why them?The child had not cried all this time. He could stand, clutching the bars of his crib, and he looked up into the intruder's face with a kind of bright interest, perhaps thinking that it was his father who hid beneath the cloak, making more pretty lights, and his mother would pop up any moment, laughing-Peter winced, poor Harry.He pointed the wand very carefully into the boy's face: He wanted to see it happen, the destruction of this one, inexplicable danger. "There it is!" Remus interrupted himself. "Why is Harry such a danger to him?"No one could think of an answer but they were all growing steadily more curious.The child began to cry: It had seen that he was not James. James was angry now, wiping his tears away furiously. Harry was alone with this monster and he felt so angry at himself that he didn't protect Harry better."Hey," Sirius leaned around Lily to whisper, "it's not your fault, James. Don't blame yourself."James nodded slowly, trying to blink back more tears.He did not like it crying, he had never been able to stomach the small ones whining in the orphanage-"Avada Kedavra!"And then he broke. He was nothing, nothing but pain and terror, and he must hide himself, not here in the rubble of the ruined house, where the child was trapped screaming, but far away... far away..."What happened?" Sirius asked sharply. "Did Harry die? What happened to Voldemort?""No," Peter spoke finally. They all looked at him curiously, James and Lily trying to recover from what was just read. "No, Harry couldn't have died because the note said that he witnessed all of our deaths except one."Remus considered this, "Good thinking Peter. So is Voldemort gone? What happened?""I've never heard of anything like that happening before," Lily sighed. "I- Do you think we can take a little break before we read the next one?""Yes," Remus said quickly. "I think that's a good idea."Lily stood up quickly and took James' hand leading him up to his own room, shutting the door quietly behind them.Peter, Sirius, and Remus all stared at each other in silence. They knew that one of them had betrayed Lily and James."Look," Sirius sighed. "I'm thinking that this will be settled as we read the rest of our deaths. The author of the note said that Harry is there for all but one of them. Whoever's death he's not sad about will be our answer." Sirius reasoned.Remus and Peter contemplated this. "Okay," they both said finally.They all winced as they heard a sob from James' room and decided on one thing. They would not let any of these deaths happen.0o0About ten minutes later, James and Lily came down the stairs, looking considerably calmer than before."I'll read next," Peter said quietly, picking up the pages.Also: Unedited so this might be shit.
