She had fallen asleep. George had been glancing up at her every so often as she stayed up studying. Now, she had her head on the textbook in front of her as the soft light of the common room fire played on her peaceful face. Her hand loosely held the quill she'd been using, and every few moments, a drop of ink would drip off the end onto her sheet of parchment.(y/n), like all other fifth years, had been working hard on studying for the OWLs. George always felt like she pushed herself too hard: staying up far too late at night and looking exhausted in the daytime.Sitting a couple of tables away, George was easily able to view (y/n) as he worked out business plans with his twin brother. Fred, though, had gone to bed not long ago. George had refused to leave yet. The last few students had filed out just a few minutes ago, leaving (y/n) and George the only ones still in the common room.George watched her for a minute or two before giving up any pretence of working and silently standing up. He walked across to the table that (y/n) was sleeping at and looked down at her. He recognised that textbook. Arithmancy: no wonder she had fallen asleep. He looked over at the quill in her relaxed hand and addressed the issue of the ever-growing ink spot on the parchment.Next, he turned his attention to (y/n)'s face. She looked so incredibly relaxed in her sleep. It was a nice change from the serious studying expression she donned so frequently over the past few weeks. George smiled at her tranquil face.Quietly, he took the seat beside her and thought about what to do next. He absentmindedly brushed some wisps of hair from her face and continued to stroke her hair. She was so cute in her sleep. Finally, though, he decided that she ought to get to a more comfortable sleeping place.George caressed her cheek with his fingers and grinned. Gently, he shook her shoulder."(y/n)," he called softly, "Oy, (y/n)."(y/n) stirred slightly, then jerked back to her senses. She sat up abruptly, looking confused."Hm?" she looked around, rubbing her eyes."You fell asleep studying," George informed her, smirking as he rested his elbow on the table and cupped his chin in his hand."I- oh" (y/n) responded, focusing her eyes on George and then on the work in front of her.She immediately picked up the quill again, but George removed his hand from her shoulder to pluck the quill away. (y/n) looked at him in sleepy confusion."You're done for the night, (y/n)," he told her, a smile playing at the corner of his lips, "You need to go to bed!""No, I need to study," (y/n) managed to retort before she was stopped by a yawn."You've studied enough! You're working yourself to death, (y/n), it's time for some sleep," George replied."Georgeplease give me my quill. I just need to finish taking notes on this one chapter," (y/n) pleaded."I won't. Go to bed, (y/n). Don't you know? Falling asleep is the body's way of telling you it needs to bloody sleep!" came George's answer.(y/n) tried to frown in response, but her foggy eyes and yawn ruined the effect."Alright," she finally yielded, "I'll go sleep.""Good," George smiled.(y/n) made an attempt to gather her things, but again, George stopped her."Just leave it," he advised, "What kind of idiot would steal an Arithmancy textbook?"(y/n) gave a soft, sleepy giggle."I guess you're right," she answered, standing groggily.George stood up from the table, too. (y/n) began to walk toward the stairs to the girls' dormitory."(y/n)," George called out, and she turned to look at him, "Don't work yourself so hard, okay?""I'll do my best," she answered with a smile, "Thank you, George."(y/n) slowly disappeared up the stairway as George watched, and then he turned toward his own dorm."You're welcome, (y/n)," he said softly, "I hope I get to see the relaxed you more often."
