So, this is my first fanfic. This idea came to me when I was reading about all the fun muggleborns must have at Hogwarts. I hope that you like it. Warning this has spoilers for season 3 episode 2 of the TV show Sherlock.It was just a normal day at Hogwarts. Well, as normal as it can be when you live at Hogwarts...Teddy Lupin was sitting next to his best friend Noah Rogers. Teddy was a 6th year and Noah was a 7th year. Now, something you need to know about Noah is that he is a muggle born, with a sense of humor to rival the twins. He also tends to encourage other muggleborns to mess with the pure bloods.They were eating breakfast when the owl post came in. Noah looked up to see his sisters owl coming towards him with a red envelope in its beak. His sister Sarah had finished her schooling at Hogwarts two years previously, and knew how to send a howler quite well.'Not again!' Noah thought as the owl dropped its load. Teddy smirked knowing what would happen when his friend opened it. Sarah had a habit of sending howlers spoiling all the most popular TV shows. Normally he only got one every month or so. Depending on how big a spoiler it was.Noah opened the envelope. Sarah's excited voice filled the Great Hall. "I JUST WATCHED SEASON 3 EPISODE 2 OF SHERLOCK-"A collective groan was heard from all the muggleborn students that were following Sherlock./p"-AND MARY, JOHN'S WIFE, SHOT SHERLOCK!"A gasp was heard throughout the room. All the pure bloods rolled their eyes. They didn't really understand what was going on. Sarah's voice continued, "Well I just thought that I would let you know. And I do hope that you have a wonderful day.""Some loving sister she is. She knows that all the other muggle born students are going to glare at me until we get to the room of requirements tonight and watch it ourselves." Noah told Teddy."It's a good thing the Room of Requirement understand 'I need wifi for movie night.'" Teddy responded picking up his bag. "Come on we have charms in 5 minutes.""Hold on, let me send out the time for the movie tonight." Noah took out a pen and some parchment and wrote, ' 7 o-clock, RoR, Sherlock season 3 episode 2.' The Pens had been charmed so that every time Noah wrote something with his, all the others would warm up and the message would appear written on the side of the pen. It was a charm Hermione had showed Teddy when telling him about the DA."Alright, off to try to go!"Reviews are welcome.
