It was what she had always wanted, a ring. A ring that came with a promise. She had always wanted to smile and say 'Yes!'  maybe cry a little too. She wanted to be filled with bubbling happiness and swarms of butterflies and lust and laughter and love. She wanted to beam and have a sudden urge to dance and sing and shout from the roof tops. She wanted to skip and smile, to talk to little birds and animals like some fairy princess, not caring that they wouldn't understand a word she was saying. She wanted to run outside in the rain and laugh as she watched her hair drip with water and the dress she so carefully picked out stick to her as the water ran down around her and as she twirled and jumped and danced. She wanted to be able to look down at her fingers and not notice and not care about the chips in the nail polish that she had worked so hard to make perfect the night before, because it was there and it made chipped nail polish look better than any nail art that she could ever attempt to do. She wanted to see it catch the light and sparkle with the stars  sparkle with her because she had happiness she couldn't contain building up and pouring out from within her with every murmuring heartbeat. She wanted to be reminded of the memories that brought it there to spill out with every glance she caught of it, to see it and feel uncontrollable love and happiness with every fleeting look. She wanted to be able to feel it there, to twist it around her finger when she was bored or alone and needed a little comfort, a small nudge  a nudge that showed her and the world that there was someone out there who loved her enough to present her with a glittering ring in the moonlight, concealed in a tiny leather box, to prove that she had something and someone that no one else could match, because it was hers and it came with a promise and a gift of a heart she could hold and fill with memories and love and herself and more if she could. She wanted a ring more than anything in the world, she wanted a promise and she wanted a person to love who loved her more than words could ever explain. She wanted someone who wasn't perfect, who wasn't a god or a prince or a knight, but a real person, and a real person that loved and chose her for him even though she wasn't anything special  even though she wasn't the prettiest or the smartest or the kindest. She wanted contentment and happiness, and love and a future. She wanted a ring that came with a promise and a question to which only she and her heart could answer. She wanted him, the one and the ring he brought with him to tie them together and to make two hearts one. She wanted her own little taste of perfection  her own perfection. A ring with a promise and a man offering his heart.But when, one day in her office in the Ministry, a man got down on one knee  flowers in one hand, a red, leather box in the other and said  "Marry me, Granger?" with no trace of a little smirk on his face that she had become all too accustomed to seeing, she didn't want to scream 'Yes!' and smile and flash her sparkling ring in front of Isabel (her secretary, who all too often recited and gossiped about the content of the latest Witch Weekly magazine, to the point where Hermione never felt the need to buy a single copy) nor did she want to sing, or even attempt to speak to her owl, Cleo, like a fairy princess (who she was all too sure would simply give her a look that would rival even Professor McGonagall's icy stares.) What she did want to do, however, was run outside onto the streets of London, which was currently the recipient of lots and lots of British rain, as per usual, but Hermione Granger had no intention of dancing in the rain and watching her hair turn into a giant frizzball.But there it was  a ring, and an offer of a promise (and flowers too) but this was nothing like she had ever imagined a proposal would be. She got up, smoothed down her robes and looked the man before her right in his grey eyes. It was not the answer she had ever thought she would say"Are you absolutely mad, Malfoy?!"
