AN: So this is kinda my first attempt at something like this. Please, please, please let me know what you think and if there is anything that I should change! It was five years after the war and not a day went by that Hermione didn't think about her friends. She missed them more than anything in the world. Harry had gone on to be an Auror. Hermione frequently wrote to him, but he became increasingly busy with his new job. Ronald had decided to help George run Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. Like Harry, he had become more and more busy after he left Hogwarts. From the letters that Hermione had received he was taking over more and more hours at the shoppe.To answer the obvious question, Ron and Hermione had broken off their romantic endeavors. After the war, the two found that it was hard to find the love that they had expirienced durring their time at Hogwarts. Hermione was not saddened at the sudden end to their relationship, but rather relieved. He had always been a great friend to her, and she wanted that once again. To the best of her knowledge, the red-head felt the same way. They were too different to have a stable romantic relationship, but their differences made them great friends.Miss Granger had taken the position of librarian at Hogwarts. Although, many concidered her to be over-qualified for the position, she loved the job. The war had taken its toll on most of the students and teachers involved, and that included the top-of-the-class girl. Hermione found great tranquility in the immense shelves and endless books. The books did not ask her questions, they did not pressure her to tell them about the war or about her break up.It was a lazy Monday morning in the old library and Hermione was sitting at a desk in the corner of the library watching as severl children studied. A group of two boys and one fluffy-haired girl reminded her bitterly of her friends. The sun was coming through the window like waterfall of gold. The serenity of the old library reminded Hermione of her love for leaning. She walked along the rows of books and let her highschool memories come back. With a smile she turned to look out the window. In a way she was happy for Harry and Ron, but she also wished they were closer. There was so much that they hadn't talked about. They hardly even talked about the war. But she knew that it would be asking too much of them. Hermione knew that Harry could hardly think of the war, let alone talk about it. And Ron, well, Ron was Ron, talking about anything so emotional and deep was too far out of his comfort zone.Hermione sighed to herself and slowly turned around and found herself slamming into something hard. She looked up."...Malfoy?"Eee! Do you like it so far? Please give me some feedback! :) And keep reading! My next chapter will be up soon!
