DISCLAIMER: Nothing belongs to me, although there may be a couple of OC's.A/N: So this is my second try at posting this story. Before there were several malfunctions. ENJOY!PROLUGEA wailing cry broke into the hospital waiting room, making all of the assembled extended Weasley family jump.Ron bounded out looking delighted as he addressed the expectant family. 'It's a girl,' he exclaimed. 'We're going to name her Rose.' There was an immediate stampede for the door to see the newest addition to the Weasley family.They entered the room to see Hermione sitting up in bed, looking exhausted but misty eyed and beaming, holding a tiny baby with big blue eyes and little tufts of the signature Weasley flaming red hair.Ginny, heavily pregnant and carrying a one-year-old James on her hip was beside Hermione, holding her hand as she congratulated her. Harry patted Hermione on the shoulder and stroked Rose on the head. George slapped Ron on the back and threw little Fred up in the air, much to Angelina's dismay. Percy pompously expressed his sincere congratulations on your first born daughter, how wonderful this must be for you. Charlie held her tight and tickled her. Bill and Fleur each held Rose and exclaimed over her. Mrs Weasley cried all over her newest grandchild and handed her back to Hermione, noticeably damper.Suddenly a snore escaped from Rose. Everyone laughed and George made a joke about her inheriting Ron's sleeping skills of being able to sleep through a hurricane. But Rose still slept on, safe in her mother's arms and ignorant of what was to be in the years to come'Wosie, wait for me!' A two-year-old Hugo scrambled after his four-year-old sister. Rose turned and hurriedly wiped tears from her eyes.'What?' She sniffed. 'Why you cwying?' Hugo asked curiously. 'Am not.' 'Are too.' 'Ith 'cos you stole da last cookie an' Mummy told you off.' Announced Hugo knowingly. Rose turned haughtily and stomped into her bedroom. Hugo went and toddled down the stairs to play with his toy broomstick.A little while later Hermione went up the stairs to find Rose for dinner. She found a hunched up figure underneath the bed  Rose, obviously sulking.'Rosie darling, do you want to come out and talk?' Hermione asked. Rose crawled out from under the bed and promptly burst into tears. 'Y-you w-w-as angry a-at me 'cos I s-stole the c-cookie.' Rose wailed. Hermione hugged her tightly and stroked her daughter's hair. 'Oh Rosie, I'm not mad anymore. I still love you, and you apologised.'Rose nodded, and slowly her tears subsided. She wiped her face and went down for dinner.
