Hello folks! I have decided to go on with publishing this new HP story, so hang on and see what'll happen!I OWN: The main OC character and the plot idea.I DON'T OWN: Harry Potter, the HP universe or anything else.ALSO: this story WILL NOT follow the books as much - just so you know.Have fun and tell me what you think when you've read chapter 1 =)1 The flower sisters (A few days in July 1969)"Violet! Can you please run and get your sisters? We'll eat in twenty minutes", called Rose Evans from the kitchen.Violet sighed and put her book down. At the age of fourteen she sometimes was immensely annoyed about acting like a babysitter; she thought that her sisters were old enough to pass time themselves.But, since she felt that her mum was tired and annoyed, Violet decided to help out."Will do mum."Said and done; she headed outside and walked towards the playground where she knew her sisters to be.They weren't exactly at the playground, Violet realized as she walked to her destination; they were on the grass beside it and not alone.She recognized Severus Snape at once, he was still cute and in oversized clothes. Violet wondered why Petunia had tagged along; ever since Lily had discovered that she was a witch  only a few days ago but still  Petunia had been annoyed and withdrawn. Violet had felt a need to belong from her two year younger sister and she figured that Petunia simply felt put aside since she had not shown any supernatural abilities whatsoever.Violet grimaced as too many feelings took over her at once; she tuned out and thanked some higher cosmic power for the books she had been given on Empathic abilities three years ago."Hiya! Petunia, Lily, you have to come home for dinner. Hello Severus", she said to the three younger kids.They all gave her gloomy looks and she rolled her eyes."Hey, don't look at me like that; I'm here on mums order!"She watched as Lily hugged Severus goodbye, noted that Petunia just turned and stalked towards their home and waved to the younger guy herself.Dinner was great as always and Violet ate happily and ignored Petunia "You'll get fat!" remark since she felt the sadness and annoyance radiate from the younger blonde.Violet spent the remaining hours before bed finishing her book.####Wednesday was a little crazy. Violet met up with Sarah and Jack who both radiated annoyance at each other; Sarah was angry 'cause Jack didn't like her and Jack thought Sarah was in the way since he liked Violet. Of course, neither of them said anything about their feelings.Violet did her best to have fun anyway; she took them bowling and they managed to have a good and fun time until Jack tried to kiss Violet when she won the game. The happening made Sarah rush of in tears and Jack confused when Violet told him that she did not like him.After that, Violet went to the woods alone and stumbled upon a bruised Severus whom she helped home when he refused to follow her home and be looked over by her mum; she felt his anger and fear and hated herself for not being able to help. He thanked her when they reached his neighborhood and she watched him go home, a nagging feeling eating her.She told her mother, which was all Violet felt she could do.Lily was quiet and did not want to take a run around the house, so Violet spent some time with Petunia helping her with summer homework.####Saturday meant movie night with her friends. Violet dressed as she usually did; in jeans and a blue t-shirt and sneakers."Bye mum!" she called out from the hall."Bye darling, have fun and take care!" replied her mum from the living room.Violet met up with Cassie, Sarah and Marie in town and they decided to watch a horror movie, which turned out to be a bad idea since Violet found herself unable to sleep that night.####Thursday was cleaning day. As in cleaning the whole house from cellar to attic.Violet dressed in old shorts and a very used t-shirt and went to work in the cellar with Lily. They found lots of fun stuff and an army of dust rats which made them giggle and shriek. After two hours of work, they had managed to throw out six boxes of old clothes, gams and various broken things, they had also dusted and dried off every surface and put the boxes that would be kept in a neat pile in a corner.Lunch break; they ate outside in the sun and drank sparkling lemon water to the cold chicken salad their mother had made.Violet was then asked to do the kitchen, which was funnily since there wasn't much to do at all; she escaped to clean her own room after twenty minutes. Her own room was a mild chaos and Violet began cleaning her closets and then her writing desk. She finished by vacuum-cleaning and drying off the floor with lemon scented cleanser.Shower that evening was a struggle; Petunia stole the shower from Lily, their mother yelled at her, Lily was awfully slow and their father told her to hurry up which made her jumpy and snarky since she believed everyone to be against her and then their mum insisted on cleaning the bathroom before Violet finally could take a quick could shower and stumble into bed.It was hard to be fourteen.
