Of course I remember it all. All the way back to the day he took me when I was eight. I remember the first time I looked into his eyes. I think that moment was the moment where I realized that this man wasn't here to hurt me. At least not in the way my parents had warned me about.God, this is cheesy and I can't believe I'm about to say it but: I am Ann Greyback and this is my story.We should probably start with my parents. They really were decent enough people. Simple. We lived simply when I was a girl. They had jobs, not great ones, but good enough. Daddy was a wizard and Mother was a witch, but I was far from pureblooded. Which I think is why Fenrir picked me. Anyway, they used magic casually in the house and yadda yadda. My life before Fenrir was perfectly... boring. Ordinary. Predictable. So I suppose, in a way he saved me.Dad was the kind of guy who used terms like "golly" and "boy, oh, boy" and "doggon." Had a big, fake smile if I remember correct. And Mother didn't have a brain in her head, I don't think. She just always went along with anything he said, not that anything he said was terribly controversial.Fenrir saw all this. He knew it. So I don't think he expected me to have my aunt Georgina's personality. Curious personality. Opinionated. I had a fight in me that Fenrir hadn't anticipated. A fight he also had in himself.So this brings us to the story of the big, warped, shriveled scar on my left side. I had never seen Fenrir Greyback before the night he bit me. He'd apparently seen me, though. Done his research like a good little kidnapper. I was still blonde then. Brown eyes so they all knew my hair would darken to this lovely mousy color. I was bright. Strong for my size and age. Overly healthy. But to this day I still think the reason he chose me was because I was such a little mother.I never had any siblings of my own. Mother had a tilted uterus and Dad's sperm were couch potatoes. They're lucky I was born. Born with the fertility of Eve herself. But I had cousins. Cousins by the dozens and I would fuss over them and... he chose right in choosing me, alright?He never went into it in detail, but he would watch me. Watch me at primary school and in my backyard. Stole my doctors records when he was seriously considering me. And then one full moon... this scar happened, and the rest is history.It was late and I was out catching fireflies like the normal, predictable eight year old that I was. Probably giggling and singing and dancing and being adorable as well. The moon wasn't up yet. It was just sort of getting dark and I wasn't allowed to stay out past dark alone, I remember. And I completely wasn't. I was just thinking of coming inside because I was Azkaban starving and thought I was gonna piss and fill my little baby blue cowgirl boots when I saw him. In the shadows he was just a figure, but I could make out it was a man and I could make out he didn't look so hot. Well hot, not attractive hot.And I was just about to say something completely irresistible with my tiny tangible voice, most likely, when the clouds disappeared, the darkness covered us, and the moon shone through.Now we lived in a tiny house with two bedrooms and a bath and not much else. But what we had was a huge yard. Huge. Surrounded by woods and out in the middle of nowhere because my parents hated the bustle of the city. And I was about as close as I could get to the woods then, right where my screams wouldn't be heard by my unknowing parents inside.And I just remember staring at him and I remember I had my teddy bear tucked under my arm and I remember looking up and seeing the sun and wondering if it was the man that smelled funny or if a bear was around. (Daddy had always told me that if there was an odd smell that it could be a bear and I should come inside.). But I decided it was the man. All silhouetted and spooky. At least he had been before I looked up. Now he was like twitching and morphing and doing all of this Exorcist shit and looking back, I just wonder why I hadn't run. I just stared, mesmerized. And then I looked at my teddy and I whispered in his ear in case he was scared and then this man was a dog wolf thing and he/it was running at me and... nothing. I can't even remember the pain.Fenrir said I'd tried to run. He said I tried to get away and he said that I had cried and screamed and he said my parents hadn't even come out, though I'm still not sure if that part is true or not.All I know is that I passed out and when I woke up, everything was different. When I woke up, I had a pounding headache. How that got my attention before the pain in my side, I'll never know. The wound was still open at the time. The next realization was that I was lying on something hard, but I had a sensation of height so I knew it wasn't the floor. The smell. The smell was musty mixed with something else... blood and acid and... bouillon? And then... I could hear. All of the sounds around me were drunken slurs. Like being under the water and trying to hear what's happening. Or maybe just listening to the ocean. And then it finally cleared up and I could hear him shuffling around in the distance. I didn't even try to sit up. I knew I couldn't.I just opened my eyes and that's when the shock really set in. I was lying up on this concrete slab and my shirt was covered in vomit and the floor around me was covered in vomit and there was this great tear in my shirt with blood still seeping. And I remember lifting my shirt and the sight of the puss made me want to vomit some more. I looked farther to see that the room was large and shaped like how I imagine the inside of an igloo to look. Dome-like with a low ceiling, slanted walls. Well more like one solid wall. Like inside a giant bubble. Made completely of concrete. I scanned and saw the door that looked like the door of a rocket ship. It was metal and thick with about a billion locks on it and it opened kind of upward. And I expected you had to step out it, not across it, to the outside. Like emerging from a rabbit hole. And across the way, there was a toilet. So there was running water of some sort, not that that occurred to me at the time. And scanned some more until I saw the bed. It wasn't huge. It was more of a cot, but two adults could easily sleep in it. And then I saw his back.He wore a ratty t-shirt, the kind you worked or painted or gardened in, and some really trendy (note my sarcastic tone) bell-bottoms that fit so well with his late-sixties self. They were a burgundy color with no belt because they fit so snugly at the top. Very un-Fenrir now that I look back on it. And the puke-green shirt to boot. And I just remember thinking that he looked just like Shaggy with the mess of dirty-blonde hair in the back and I thought of calling out for Scooby, but I stopped myself.After my whimsical side died down, my terror set in. This man kidnapped me from my house and hurt my side. He was in the kitchen area. He was probably frying up the patch of skin missing from me to have for dinner. And then he'd kill me and freeze me and eat me one Ann steak at a time!So that's when I decided it was time for me to sit up and escape. So I sat up and the room simply spun and I stared until I saw the trap door in the floor. And I was mesmerized by it until I wasn't staring at the door anymore. I was staring at the front of Shaggy's shirt. And I lifted my head until my eyes settled on his. And I stared and stared and stared. They weren't mean or angry looking. And he wasn't old as I'd expected. They were a dull, dull grey-blue with extremely dilated pupils and were wide and curious, like I expect mine were to him.That's when I let my eyes roam over the rest of his face. It was all oily and made it shine, I expected from sweat or nerves or something, and it looked soft. I remember wanting to grab a towel and wipe off all of his teenage oils and then touch his face. He was covered in stubble. It was a lot of stubble, not quite that he hadn't shaved in a few days, but not quite that it was a beard either. And I never considered him cute the way I did the boys at school that I fancied. Fenrir was always handsome. He was that day too.And once I'd decided that, I let myself go in deeper. Look at the details instead of his face as a whole. His eyebrows were thick and light and had many hairs between them, but they were so light that no one would ever consider it a unibrow. His jawline was strong and sharp and young. His cheeks thin but not hollow. His face tanned almost to leather. Almost bronze. It made him look like the boys from the films that my friends and I used to see. His lips were full and thick and I couldn't see it at the moment, but his teeth were white and straight and then my eyes fell on his nose. And while the rest of his face made him look mature and manly and devilishly handsome, his nose was tiny and round at the tip and it made him look young and innocent and balanced out his dangerous features.But then he opened his mouth and I remember, and I'll always remember, the first thing he ever said to me. Whether it was all carefully planned or spontaneous as hell, I'll never know."Annabeth Dolores Carter." God, I hated my full name but I was too shocked at his deep, rolling voice to stop him. I just wanted him to talk some more. "You are the most beautiful and precious thing I have ever laid eyes on. And from now until the end of your days, you will be both loved and feared by people all over. You'll be a ruler and a queen." And then. Just wait for it... "And your life will never be dull or predictable."And he had me. He knew he had me. He knew I was miserable and he knew he fascinated me. And he was right. But all I could get out was, "it's Ann."And that's when I got to see his teeth for the first time because he was grinning at me like a complete idiot. And he took hold of my hand and he kissed the top of it and he looked utterly ridiculous doing it in those stupid pants, but I loved him. From that moment on I knew that this was where I belonged. With chaos and confusion and Fenrir.
