Chapter One: Accident."I'm not saying she's a whore, I'm just saying she's been on more sausages than Heinz Ketchup." I finished shrugging. Bella burst into laughter beside me, her brown hair held up in a messy bun. No matter how hard I tried, I just couldn't get those to work for me! Our topic of conversation was none other than Bridget Deans, the school sleep around-er.Is that even a word?"I swear to god Ginger, if anyone hears you say those things they'd skin you alive." Maria commented, her nose busy inside one of those dreaded Encyclopedias. She was the smartest in our trio, beating our scores by ten percent on average. I had never been a smart cookie, nor am I claiming to be one. Bella stuck her tongue out at the blonde, pulling a face when she wasn't looking. I rolled my eyes, focusing on my boots once again. They were my birthday present from these two lovely ladies: black swede that rolled over my knees with a six inch heel. Sure they were pretty, but god did they hurt!"Stop being a spoil sport Ria!" Bella complained playfully, giving a soft punch to her shoulder. I stretched upwards, cracking my back in several places before laying down on the park picnic table. It was a ritual to come here after classes on a Friday. The sky was bluer than normal, not a cloud in sight which was strange considering this was the number one rainy country in the world."So Ginger, what's it like being sixteen? Feel any different?" Maria asked, turning the conversation into another road of passage. Most likely attempting to avoid Bella's wraith if she complained again. I moved my head to the side, looking at the lake that was the park's main attraction."Honestly, it does." I sighed, turning to stare back up at the stretch of sky. It wasn't something I could explain myself, I just felt different. It felt like I was about to do something completely crazy. There was the accelerated heart beat, the clammy palms and the shaky leg. They were all key signs that I was close to another picture in our Idiot Ideas scrapbook. The last entry was over a week ago when I thought it would be a great idea to stalk our English teacher home.It hadn't ended that well. I've been scraping gum off desks ever since.My hands wandered to my necklace, something my mother had given me as a present. It wasn't anything extravagant, like a million rubies hanging off it or something. It was a silver, flat oval with a well sized onyx in the centre. A small sapphire was above it as was a purple topaz. I honestly didn't expect something like this from my parents. I thought they'd just get me a bike like they normally do. Mom had said it was a charm, something that reminded her of me.Bella jammed her finger into my ribs, making me squeal in surprise. I pushed myself up to glare at her when she subtly pointed behind me. And by subtly, I mean like a flashing light. I laughed slightly at that before doing as I was told. There, by the lake was that cute boy from the year above us and he was walking towards us.Holy shit I think I'm about to die from heart failure. We didn't even know his name, but in situations like this, us girls seem to come up with a common nickname for him. I shall call him Sex God, and he shall be mine and he shall be my Sex God. Maria just rolled her eyes at our behaviour, choosing to sink further into her book. She took out her water bottle, sipping from it every now and then. We had become friends over the Harry Potter series when it first came out. Every break we'd sit together and read it regardless of how many times we'd already finished it. Bella came about a year later when she had spilt orange juice on Maria's How to be a Princess book. Needless to say it was love at first sight.Sadly, Sir Fine Ass walked past us and to the bench a few feet away where a few of his mates obviously were."Is my vagina crying, or is he just sexy?" I whispered to Maria, trying to get her to crack. Her eyes flew open as she chocked on her own drink, she thumped on her chest in an attempt to calm herself down. Bella collapsed on to the wooden table in stitches. The encyclopedia was practically tossed onto the wood as Maria lunged for me. I threw myself out of my chair, laughter shaking my shorter than average form as I made a B-line away from the angry brunette. She had always been about etiquette and poise thanks to her Mom being one of those House Wives. Things like that had always gotten under her skin for some strange and unknown reason. I ran for the lake, dodging a few other kids who were playing tag. There was a tall ash tree somewhere around the lake, with one of those tire swings. It was easier to spot than I thought it would be. I pegged it to the looming tree, clambering up it's branches. Maria had given up and gone back to the table, her and Bella were waving. Bella more enthusiastically due to the fact she had more energy to put into it. I shook my head, smiling. Maria still looked a bit mad, her face scowling slightly. She was going to be bitter for a while, that much was for certain.I really did love my friends.I swung into the tire, pushing off the tree so I was hovering above the water. Back and forth as I bent my knees to get more momentum. It was only then did I hear a voice speak, as if it were right next to me."Sometimes, I wish the rope would just snap! Bella, stop laughing! I almost choked to death!"Something in my stomach dropped, growing cold. My heart accelerated, blood pounding in my ears as something warm spread through my body. I felt hot, my skin burning as if someone was dripping hot wax onto my arms. I bit down on my tongue drawing the familiar copper liquid. The only cold thing bringing me relief was the necklace, Arctic cold against the heat. I heard something snap. Wind rushed to my ears, clawing my hair back before I dropped into the lake.I couldn't swim.Water closed in on me, preventing me from getting back up. I tried to kick but my legs weren't responding to me anymore. My lungs were squeezing in on themselves, sufficiently making me release the rest of the oxygen. Water moved around me, pressing down on me the more I tried to struggle. Bubbles of air seeped out of my mouth, floating to the surface. It almost felt nice, being dragged down, being weightless. The burning feeling was washing away as well. Colours reflected off the surface, casting shadows as well as shards of light. Darkness was blurring the edges of my vision, consuming it slowly. I shut my eyes as five words appeared behind my eyelids.Your wish is my command.
