Chapter: 1: Leaving.Evelyn Turner's bedroom was, in her opinion, far too bright. Her eyes peeled open unwillingly, the dream she was having crumbling away faster than paper burning in a flame. Sunlight spilled in through her curtained window, splashing the walls of her tiny blue room with light from the morning sun. Damn those light curtains, she thought, sunshine friggen hates me.Her brain wouldn't allow her back into her dream. It was dragging her out of sleep, reminding her of the one thing that was sure to make her wake up in a hurry. I'm leaving today, she remembered, leaving for a year .Quick as a flash she was sitting up, searching on her messy bedside table for her alarm clock. She found it. 10:43, it blinked up at her."Oh no, oh no, crapcrapcrap!" her heals thudded onto the wooden floor boards and she scrambled across the room to her sisters bed, "Ava ,AVA! Wake up, we are soooo late!" she shook her sisters arm until she rolled over, "mmmk Lyss, another minute. I'm"  yawn  "awake, I'm awake!"Evelyn grabbed her towel off the chair and bounded out into the hallway."Everyone up, it's nearly eleven! We're outa here at 12 people!"She dashed into the small yellow painted bathroom, locked the door and turned on the water.Somehow everything looked different today. She noticed the framed sunflower that Harry had painted for their mother's birthday last year, hanging on the wall by the big brown door. She noticed tiny vase of daisies on the windowsill, Jess and her had picked them yesterday in the park. With a pang, her heart started to ache for the family she was going to miss for a year. God, she thought, this is the last time ill use this shower until next summer.She had to be quick, ten minutes tops. In a house with five people you couldn't afford the luxury of long showers in the morning. She jumped in and squirted her dark hair with the cheap kid's shampoo. She washed her face in the bubbles from it and watched as a stream of foam swirled down the drain. She allowed herself two more minutes under the hot stream of water. Her head bent forward as the water fell onto the back of her neck. She wasn't going to cry, she was going to smile all day, and she would be happy and positive and steady her mothers shaking hands as she kissed her goodbye at the airport. Don't even think of tears, she told herself, crying makes everything worse.She dried off and dressed in a blur, pulling on her most comfortable hoodie, black jeans and black lace up boots, she plaited her hair wet in a French braid down her back, it stopped just above her hip. She never bothered with make-up, although Amber and Lizzy, her two best friends, tried enough times to provoke her to paint her eyes."Evie your eyes are so pretty!" Amber told her once "let me just show you this new eye shadow I got , it will go so nice with the grey in your eyes!"Grey, Evelyn's eyes were grey, and she hated it. Amber and Lizzy had blue eyes, Amber's dark and sparkly and Lizzy's huge and bright. Of all the colours eyes could be, Lyss thought, and I get stuck this with murky, horrible, boring shade of concrete.She looked at herself in the small square mirror on the wardrobe she shared with Ava.Who are you? she asked herself, do you even know? Her own eyes stared back at her, her own face, her nose scattered with light freckles, a black curl escaping onto her forehead. She looked away, blinking franticly, and grabbing her small suitcase and walked out of her bedroom, without looking back.The kitchen was alive with noise, her mum dashing around in-between the kids, pouring orange juice, slipping toast onto plates. The kids were jabbering on about some random topic. Harry wearing his 'cool dude' leather jacket. Jess pouring milk onto her Honey B's. Ava brushing her long hair up into a golden waterfall on top of her head. Lyss's house was never quiet, and she loved it. She loved the noise, the rush, the constant babble and laughter of her siblings. She loved hearing the radio humming softly in the kitchen as her mother danced around in her pink apron flipping pancakes, ironing clothes, washed the floors. She was really going to miss it."Evie, look at my hair, I spiked it up like you showed me! ""I made you some toast, baby girl. ""Mum? Can I Bring my toast in the car?""No Ava, there'll be crumbs everywhere.""Harry that's my spoon, give it back!"She slid into the seat bench at the left of the table, beside Harry. "You look cool Harry boo" she ruffled his wet spiky hair "just like a real biker, huh?"Harry had recently been trying out new looks, and for the last week he had donned his leather jacket and proclaimed himself as 'scary biker dude'.Evelyn had showed him how to wet his hair and style it into a slick peak on his head, and he'd loved it. He beamed up at her and began digging into his cereal with two spoons."Harry! That's mine you idiot, give it back! "Jessica made a mad grab for her spoon in Harry's left hand, and the jug of orange juice cascaded to the floor where it smashed, bright liquid bleeding onto the tiles like a sunset on the horizon.Evelyn stood up and handed Jess her spoon. "Eat Jess, fast, you too Harry." And she crossed the kitchen, retrieved the mop and started cleaning up the mess at their feet.5 minutes later she was scoffing down two slices of toast as fast as she could, washing it down with a glass of milk.Her mother, Janine, began to pile the kids in the faded red car outside, as Evelyn shoved her suitcase into the trunk. She turned around to face her house, the crumbling bricks by the windows and doors looked so familiar, so welcoming. There was a big honeysuckle creeper growing right by the red front door and she walked over towards it, plucking a single flower and tucking it onto the end of her plait."Evie, we gotta go." Janine was beside her now, an arm hugging her shoulders.Evelyn turned to her mother, and saw the tears brimming on her eyelashes. "Mom, don't cry, I'm not leaving forever, I'll be back soon and I'll write loads, OK? Don't cry, please, it'll upset the kids." It'll make me cry, she thought secretly."I'm sorry Evie, you're right. You're gonna be fine, just fine, we're gonna miss you so much! Come here!"And then it was hugging and her mum's hands were shaking before they ever even got to the airport and Alyssa felt like she might burst from holding back the hot tears pushing up in her eyes. For five years she had no one but her family, her father had left her, left them all, and now wasn't that exactly what she was doing? She had made friends here, Amber, Elizabeth and Danny. She'd even been happy in school, happy at the thought of going back in few weeks.She was beyond surprised when the heavy, yellow-parchment letter had arrived and shook up her world like a snow globe. Janine had told everything to Evelyn one night last April, shortly after the letter had arrived. The kids were asleep and Evelyn was outside sitting on the porch, with a blanket wrapped around her shoulders, when her mother sat down beside her in the thick darkness."Evelyn , I should have told you before, I know that, but I really didn't think for a second that you were a witch, or that you could be. I have no magical blood. Of course, it has been known to skip a generation or two, but my father wasn't a wizard, just my mother, your granny Louise."Evelyn couldn't believe her granny, her granny who used to bake her double chocolate muffins after school, was a witch."It's extremely rare that this could happen, epically at your age."Evelyn was 16, and her mother said most witches and wizards got their Hogwarts letters when they were eleven. So Evelyn would be starting in sixth year at Hogwarts, the school she was being sent to. She was going to England, where she would stay with her Granny for a week and then leave for school on the 1St of September.Evelyn's first thoughts when she found out she was leaving mostly centered around Danny, Amber and Lizzy.They aren't going to be my best friends anymore, not if I only see them once or twice a year! They're gonna be here, and I'll be there and, ohmigod, they're gonna forget all about me!She'd gone around to Lizzy's that night; it was usually where the four of them hung out. She remembered it exactly .. She must have looked like death when she walked in, because she could immediately see the looks of worry and surprise that appeared on their faces at the sight of her. Danny had stood up, "Evelyn? What's wrong? Oh my god, Evie!" she had started crying. She was standing their in-front of the three people who knew her best in the world and she was frozen like a fool. Danny's arms pulled her towards him as her hugged her warmly, Amber and Lizzy were standing up now too."Evie c'mere, Amber get her a drink." Lizzy pulled her out of Danny's arms and over to her as-usual un-made purple bed. She had sat on the bed and spilled her heart out to them. She told them about her Granny being a witch, about how she was a witch too and was leaving, and she told them the real reason her father had left them. They listened as she talked, and Lizzy started to cry, "O-oh my god, Evie we're g-gonna miss you, you crazy idiot. It's gonna be so weird, oh god, when are you going? We've gotta make the most of this summer! "Evelyn's eyes welled up as she looked at them all, making plans to stay in touch, asking did anyone have any idea how much stamps cost , and Danny asking how do letters even get to where they're supposed to go, because he had no idea how the postage system worked.She laughed as Danny's face became bewildered, he actually didn't know!"Danny you're an idiot!" Amber giggled as she threw her pillow into his face."Meh know" was his muffled response.They talked for ages that night, about everything and nothing, and just before they all left, Lizzy had said:"You do know we are always, I mean always, gonna be the Incredible Nuns, right? You leaving isn't going to change it Evie, you have a life long Nun-membership.""Nun-membership?" Amber laughed."Yeah, you know, once you're a Nun-member in INU (Incredible Nuns United), you can't escape it, it's a life long contract, mwahahaha!"The Incredible Nuns were formed one day when Amber had tried to say 'I am the Incredible Hulk!' but Evelyn and Lizzy had fallen around the place laughing, because it sounded like she said Incredible Nun."Hey whata bout me! I can't go around calling myself a nun, infact I find it hard to see why you lot go around calling yourself nuns!" Danny had laughed."Oh don't worry Dan, you can be a nun, we'll get you a costume." Said Evelyn as she patted him on the shoulder."Awww ickle Danny will be the prettiest wittle nunnie!" Lizzie collapsed into giggles.Walking home that night was different too. Lyss couldn't help wondering how many more times she would come home from Lizzie's at 1am in the morning. She couldn't stop wondering many times Danny and Amber would be walking home this way without her. They all lived along the same winding country road, so it was always safe walking home together. Evelyn and Danny had said goodbye to Amber, and as they approached Evelyn's gate Danny said,"Ya'no Evie, I always knew you were special, I mean your initials are E.T  hah! - but I never knew you had it in you to be a witch." He pushed her shoulder over as they laughed under the huge trees that lined the moonlit road."Hey! It is a literal honour to be named after E.T" she giggled. He laughed back."So can you, like, have you ever done any magic before?" he asked her, his face etched with curiosity."No, I don't think I've ever done anything particularly spectacular, well I guess I did take over the world last Sunday." She giggled again, "but no Danns, I never did anything like that, I never tried.""Why don't you try now?" he asked quietly."I don't know what to do" she answered "I guess I can try though."And she did. She picked up a leaf from the ground at her feet and held it in her palm.Float, she thought hard, float up.But the leaf in her palm hadn't floated; it had disintegrated into a small pile of dust."Wow" Danny exclaimed "Wow Evie, that's sick!"That was three weeks ago, she had said goodbye to them last night, hugged them all twice and then again. They had given her cards, and Lizzy had bought her a band poster for her wall in the new school. She was in the car now, and her mum was driving past Amber's house.It took them an hour and a half to reach Dublin Airport; Evelyn's flight was at 2.10pm. They all went into the airport with her, and when Evelyn's flight was called, her nerves started making her stomach do back flips.She bent over to give Jess and Ava finally hugs, then Harry. When she straightened up her mom was holding a silver wrapped tiny box. She held it out and Evelyn looked at her questioningly."Mum, I don't -""Evelyn take it honey, please, don't open it until you're there, kay?""Thanks mom." She leaned over to her moms arms and hugged her tight.Her flight's final call rung out in her ears as she pulled away. "I love you guys! I'll see you soon, expect a letter tomorrow ha-ha" she smiled as she started walking away, Ava's lip was trembling, "Aves! Don't wreck our room, kay?" she called back and saw Ava's face lift as she giggled.And then they were gone, and she was alone, and the next thing she knew she was sitting in her seat, a window seat, of the aeroplane as it filled up around her. This better be a short fight, she thought, she was a horrible traveller, but she knew she wouldn't feel too sick on the plane. She wondered was anyone going to be sitting beside her, because they all seemed to be avoiding her like the plague. She secretly hoped that nobody would, and she could just close her eyes and daydream without seeming rude. Just as she began to think she really was repelling people, a boy appeared in front of her."Hi! Guess we're siitng together!" he smiled down at her.She breathed out through her lips, damn, he was outgoing and friendly, she hoped he wouldn't want to talk much. He looked about her age, he looks kind of like Danny, she thought. Which was true, in a way. The boy had pitch black hair just like Danny's, but his eyes were a deep, warm brown colour and he wore glasses. He sat down and looked over at her, and as she realised she'd been staring at him she suddenly felt the urge to introduce herself."My name's Evelyn, what's yours?""It's James," he smiled again, "James Potter."This is my first fanfiction story, so i hope you like it! It's gonna be pretty long and i have a lot planned for it, so i hope it turns out well. Let me know what you think of chapter 1, comment please! xxxx MSAS
