"My God, James! I thought we were finally getting along and this year. I thought your arrogance had cooled down a bit but I was completely wrong! You're just as James Potter as you always were! ""Oh please, Lily, we both know I haven't done anything wrong. Look I have no idea why you're so upset but I didn't do anything! "She scoffed at his words, knowing they were true. He could date whomever he pleased.They weren't together. He knew it. She knew it.But merlin, did they both want to be."You have no idea, really? Well that's rich, considering today. ""Fine, I'm sorry for whatever I apparently did! Please, enlighten me, ginge. ""Oh, don't you dare 'ginge' me! " That nickname never really did help her train of thought. "And you really don't know, do you? ""No, no I don't! What in Merlin's name did I do now? ""I don't know, why don't you ask Katharine MacDonald? ""Wwhat? ""Please, don't act dumb with me, Potter. I saw you two in the Great Hall this morning! ""What? I'm not dating Katharwhy do you even care in the first place? "Finally, she realized her mistake in telling James why she was mad. Now, she was stuck. She had no choice but to tell him the truth.Which was the last thing she wanted to do.James, on the other hand, was struggling to understand.She couldn'tthere is no way sheshe does, doesn't she. My God, she really does."Well II'm not sure care is really the right wo"But she was cut of by the huge grin on his twinkling face. He was smiling like she had never seen him smile before, and it made her stomach fall to her knees."Why are you grinning like a kid on Halloween? ""Evans, shut up. ""Excuse me, Potter? What right do""Lily, shut up."He swiftly walked to her, keeping that huge grin plastered on his face, and held her cheeks in his hands. Then, before she could say a word, his lips were on hers. Instantaneously, she wrapped her arms around his torso and responded with her lips.They were passionate, yet smooth at the same time. Neither wanted to rush this and were cherishing their first kiss the way it deserved to be.Too soon for both their liking, but in due time, they broke away and he rested his forehead on hers. She looked up at him and bit her lip, in disbelief of what he had just done.Lily had only hoped he still fancied her.James had only dreamed she felt the same way.Finally, he looked down at her and smiled his classic, crooked grin. She mirrored his with her wide one as his bent down again.Their second kiss was quick and soft, with her hand on his chest and both his resting at her hips."Well, at least we can do something without arguing. "Just thought I'd write a simple, fluff-filled one shot!Again, NOT RELATED to Brave Deeds!Lots of love,Scout
