A/N I obviously don't own anything that JK Rowling does. Only my own demented brain. Full Summary:Theodore Nott has always been the overlooked Slytherin. Overshadowed
by the goonish Crabbe and Goyle, the snotty Draco Malfoy, the
charismatic Montague, the forbidding Flint, and the shrill Pansy Parkinson, he
has always managed to slip under people's radars. At the urging of his
elderly father, Theo joins the Death Eaters in his sixth year, along
with a group of his Slytherin acquaintances. Now all he has to do is
keep his head down and do what he does best; be ignored. It should be
easy, right? Wrong. The Dark Lord has implemented a new reward system for
his followers: captured Mudbloods. And Gryffindors Hermione Granger,
Katie Bell, and Slytherin's own Tracey Davis are among them.
 Chapter One: In which Pansy Parkinson is no
longer underestimated"Bellatrix said new Mudbloods are coming in tonight," Pansy said
smugly, sweeping her black bob from her face.The other boys perked up, while Theo rolled his eyes. Only Pansy
could get away with calling her Bellatrix. It was "Lady
Bellatrix," or "Mrs. Lestrange" or "Ma'am" or "Sir"
(mistakenly squeaked out in terror) for the rest of them.Pansy was the only female Death Eater besides Mrs. Lestrange herself,
and that, plus a certain behavioral resemblance, had quickly made her
Bellatrix's protg. Pansy had become so full of
herself lately even Draco, the King-of-Self-Absorption, had noticed.Aidan Montague shot him a bored look from the couch. He was the only
one besides Theo himself that looked less than enraptured at Pansy's
news. Then again, Aidan almost always looked that way. Theo's
look of contempt was under lied by a strange sinking feeling in his
stomach. This had nothing, he hastened to assure himself, with
concern or something ridiculous like that for the bloody Mudbloods,
but everything to do with his dinner, which apparently hadn't
agreed with him.Are you sure about that Nott? The blasted voice, the one that
had seemingly quadrupled in volume upon the night he had received the
Dark Mark, whispered cruelly. Sure it has nothing to do with the
fact that you might be thinking a little differently about Muggles?Shut up! A second voice, his father's voice, hissed back. I think nothing of the sort. Muggles are foul, stupid creatures
that should never have polluted our race.And how do you figure that, exactly? The evil voice asked,
airily amused. Certainly you, yourself, are a fouler, stupider
creature than a Muggle could ever be, for following a psychopath like
your master, hmm?Theo dug his nails into his palms and refused to listen to his
thoughts any more. He forced himself to pay attention to the others."More Mudbloods, eh?" Draco drawled. Theo privately suspected
Draco's voice was only able to communicate in either a disdainful
drawl or a squeak of girly terror. "They better be an improvement
on the last lot."The last group of Mudbloods presented to the Death Eater faithful as
trophies had been less than exciting: A few dumpy looking women,
ranging from mid-twenties to their sixties, and three young men that
had been claimed quickly by high-ranking Death Eaters with penchants
for boys.Older Mudblood males were usually put to use doing extreme physical
labor solely for the Death Eater's sadistic amusement, or else
killed outright. The extremely unlucky ones were used as training
devices for younger/incompetent Death Eaters, and for testing new
innovations in curses and potions.The women were offered to the Death Eaters as toys; the toy usage
depending on personal preference. Though they had been less than
attractive, they had all been originally taken by a Death Eater, even
the oldest woman who had wrinkles and white streaked throughout her
hair. She was the first to outlast her welcome. Rookwood had given
her back to the rest of them, and after Avery had taken her for a few
days, she was shunted back up for grabs. This time, there were no
takers, and some of the men had enjoyed a rousing game of "torture
the Mudblood to death" that night. Theo had stumbled back to the
edge of the forest outside of the castle where they had gathered and
puked for some time after that memorable occasion. Aidan had joined
him after a few minutes, a faraway look in his dark blue eyes."She worked for St. Mungo's. One of the head Healers," he had
said simply.Theo had not shown up the nights they had disposed of the other
Mudbloods after they had served their purposes. He wasn't the
only one, he knew the Dark Lord was almost never at these sick
celebrations in the forest surrounding their hideout, and neither was
that strange, balding man with the silver hand. Flobberworm, or
Inchworm, or Wormtoungue or something-or-other was his name. Only
one woman and one man of the original group of Mudbloods were still
alive.Aidan went sometimes, mainly to ingratiate himself in with the higher
ranks of Death Eaters. Theo's father, an older, stooping man, was
rarely seen at the revelries either. Pansy didn't miss a single
one.Theo, of course, was not aware of the identities of all of his fellow
Death Eaters. Before, in the first war, he knew it was all much more
secretive, the masks were always worn, names were not used. But the
Dark Lord had grown arrogant. Well, even more so than he usually
was. They still attended meetings hooded, but most of their faces
were unmasked. It was unnecessary to hide many of them; the ten who
had broken out of Azkaban, Inchworm, and the men who had spent a
brief sojourn in Azkaban at the end of his fifth year, were already
revealed as Voldemort supporters. After months of successful
attacks, vicious blows to the magical community, and the ranks
swelling into the hundreds, secrecy was not a cause for concern.
There were a few, still, who always wore their masks, never spoke,
and never were directly addressed, that stood off to the side of
every meeting of the Dark Lord's. These men, Pansy had informed
the rest of the new recruits, (with an amount of self-importance so
large she was in danger of floating away from the hot air filling her
enormous head) were spies for their cause. Obviously very few were
aware of who they were, although Theo, Aidan, Pansy, Draco, and the
others who had recently graduated from Hogwarts (or should've still
been attending,) knew the identity of the spy's leader; Professor
Snape. Snape, as Draco had told them, was one of the higher Death
Eaters as well as his own father, Lucius.The Ministry was in disarray, the Dark Lord had given no reprieve
when Fudge finally had admitted Voldemort was back. So the average
family was unprepared and easily overpowered when he had come calling
at their homes. Hundreds had died already, many more blackmailed,
brainwashed, or persuaded to join him. This was the environment that
Theo joined the Death Eaters in, just over three weeks ago, halfway
into his Sixth year at Hogwarts.He already regretted it. It was a stupid, rash decision, and he knew
it would cost him his life in the end. It was easy to know that sort
of thing, but much harder, as a seventeen year old boy, to accept it.
 And he didn't think he was the only one. His group of Death Eater
buddies, the ones who had been initiated either with him or right
before or right after him, were all ranked around the same in the
hierarchy. It was an unspoken hierarchy, but one that was made
obvious almost immediately upon joining. While his group was not
quite the dregs of the Death Eaters, they were uncomfortably close to
being so. The only reason they weren't considered the lowest, was
their connections.Vincent, Greg, Draco and Theo all had fathers already in service.
Pansy was Bellatrix's special favorite. Marcus Flint, Terence
Higgs, Aidan, Bole, Warrington, and Derrick were all friends of
Draco's at Hogwarts, pureblood Slytherins, whose fathers were, if
not actual members, secretly helping to financially back the
eradication of Muggle blood from their world. Theo knew he owed his
current position in the order to his father, and, unfortunately,
Pansy. She was under the misguided impression that they were great
friends. Not so; Theo just knew his enemies. Pansy wasn't quite
an enemy, per se, just someone whose good side it was prudent to stay
upon. She had informed him a few nights ago that she had named names
to Bellatrix on those she thought were essential to their cause."And," she had said smugly, a smile twisting her pretty, yet
deadly face, "I mentioned your name first off, Theo."This had shocked him quite a bit. He was under the distinct
impression that Pansy was Draco's little lapdog, and therefore
considered him worthy of little notice or consideration. She had
assured him otherwise."Draco?" her mouth laughed, but her eyes remained cold and
unsmiling. "Why, thank you Theo, I suppose that was a compliment
to my acting abilities." She had sat back on his couch, crossing
her legs. Theo had the growing, horrifying suspicion that Pansy was
attempting to seduce him. "Surely, you know Slytherin is the house
of the ambitious and cunning," she said patronizingly.Theo raised an eyebrow, but remained silent. He had learned long ago
of the benefits of keeping quiet and letting others dig themselves
into holes with their words."I kissed up to Draco when it suited me," she said carelessly.
"Now it doesn't. Finally, someone recognizes me for my own
talent, and not because I am Draco's girlfriend," she said with a
sneer of disgust. She glared angrily at a pillow, apparently lost in
her thoughts, petty as Theo figured they must be. "Draco is
useless," she spat angrily. "The only reason he is even thought
of as powerful is because of his father. But we know better, don't
we Theo?" she smiled at him sideways, through her eyelashes.Idly, Theo wondered when she had started wearing so much makeup."He pouts and he whines, he isn't even particularly intelligent,
and worst of all, he is a coward. No, I told Bellatrix you were much
more suitable to climb the ranks of the Dark Lord. Just think,
Theo," she had leaned forward here, her eyes sparkling with
mischief and something frightening he could not place, "what we
could accomplish together.""Pansy," Theo finally responded, after tearing away his eyes from
the large expanse of pale flesh that had just appeared below Pansy's
neck, "what, exactly, are you trying to do?"Pansy smiled, and ran her tongue along her bottom lip. She had just
opened her mouth to respond when Aidan had banged into Theo's room
without so much as knocking. His dark eyes had flown between Theo
and Pansy, taking the scene in rapidly, a smirk twisting his pale
lips."I say, Pansy," he drawled, "isn't Draco going to be angry at
you for shagging one of his best mates?"Her mouth curved into a snarl, and she stood up in a flash."Jealous, Montague?" she bit out, her words a vindictive hiss.
"After all, why would I want someone stupid enough to spend a week
trapped in a toilet?"The amusement dropped from Aidan's face instantly."I don't know, Pansy," he snapped, "why would I want someone
stupid enough to get antlers stuck to her head?"Theo barely managed to hold back a snicker when Pansy stormed towards
the door in a towering rage. She turned in the doorway, a sickly
smile back on her face. She ignored Aidan."We'll continue this conversation later, Theo," she had purred
before leaving.Theo was drawn from his reverie when Draco stood up, stretching."Well, we best get a move on so we're not late," he said
bossily. "I want to get a good look at the merchandise before
purchasing," he smirked, apparently highly impressed with his own
sparkling wit. Crabbe, Goyle, Bole and Derrick chortled
automatically.Some of the older ex-Slytherin Quidditch players shot each other
disgusted looks. Only Flint had the balls to keep Malfoy in line."Who says you even get any Mudbloods, Malfoy?" he said in his
low, gravelly voice. "I thought you had to actually earn the Dark
Lord's favor to win one. Something we all know you have failed to
do."They all laughed, including Pansy and Draco's minions. Draco
looked slightly betrayed, but kept silent. He knew better than to
mess with Flint. They all did, the man was enormous.Their laughter abruptly cut off when every left arm in the group
began burning. They all clutched reflexively at their stinging
forearms, none of them were used to the sudden pain of the summons
yet. Theo shoved his robes on, drawing the hood over his head and
placing his mask into a fold inside his cloak alongside his wand.
The others were doing similar last minute grooming, and Pansy was
combing her fingers hurriedly through her short black hair. A series
of pops sounded through the parlor they had been lounging in, as the
group of young Death Eater recruits apparated away to their Master's
side.Theo reappeared instantly inside a large, circular, underground room.
 The walls were heavy stone, the floor bare and dark, like unpolished
black stone. Torches mounted in brackets along the wall in intervals
dimly lit the gloomy room. A large black velvet tapestry, embroided
with shiny green thread depicting the Dark Mark hung from one part of
the circular wall. There was exactly one door, set opposite from the
tapestry, an iron affair with large deadbolts locking it shut. The
low ceiling and large amount of cloaked wizards in the room made the
atmosphere slightly claustrophobic.All in all, Theo thought it was remarkably clich. He was
frankly astounded the Dark Lord had neglected the accompanying
towering throne. The man (if he could be called a man) in question
was standing in front of the tapestry, hands behind his back, staring
around impassively at the gathering apparating before him.It was unusual that the Dark Lord was meeting with them at all, he
usually left assignments and morale boosting to his underlings. He
put in the occasional appearance, but most of his time was spent
behind the scenes, plotting and strategizing. Voldemort was always
at the new recruit's initiation ceremonies, perhaps there were new
people waiting to join that Theo and his friends were unaware of.Aidan shifted next to him, nudging Theo forwards after Flint. They
took their places in the outer circle. The inner circle was composed
of twenty or so wizards (and witch) that were trusted by their Master
above all others. They alone were unmasked and un-hooded. Bellatrix,
of course, was the aforementioned witch, standing next to her husband
Rodolphus, whose other side was flanked by his older brother
Rabastan. Lucius Malfoy was there as well, along with Augustus
Rookwood, Mulcibur, Rookwood, Jugson, Avery, Ringworm, Travers, four
other wizards who had spent over ten years entombed in Azkaban, the
senior versions of Crabbe and Goyle, and his own father, Thaddeus
Nott, who had recently been promoted to the inner circle upon
Macnair's death by the hands of Aurors.The group of ten spies, the only figures both masked and hooded, were
in a shadowy nook away from the circles. Their leader, a figure that
was clearly recognizable as Snape from the black, glittering eyes,
stood slightly ahead of them.Theo's spot amongst the larger, outer circle, who wore their hoods
up, was indicative of his standing amongst the Death Eaters. While
the inner circle stayed mostly stagnant, the outer circle was
constantly being expanded and reorganized. Composed of over a hundred
wizards (and Pansy as the one witch) they were the soldiers, the
followers of their leaders. The spies dealt in stealth, the inner
circle dealt in planning and commanding.It was ingenious, really, the system the Dark Lord had. Not only did
they all know exactly who had the most power, (and who had the least)
among them, it was a strong motivational factor. A Death Eater with
ambition, (which they almost all had) and who pleased their Lord with
loyalty and hard work, moved upwards in both literal and figurative
ways. The Dark Lord began to speak."All my Death Eaters are here, I see. Excellent. I have good news
to report," Lord Voldemort spoke in a high, chilling voice, in a
volume that was both quiet and carrying. "Three successful raids
have been conducted against our opposition.. Bella managed to
capture Elphias Doge, a member of the Order of the Phoenix,"
Voldemort gave her a rare approving look, "and he will be
questioned," here, a few Death Eaters snickered, "for
information. I trust Lucius has given you your assignments for the
next few days," they nodded their assent, "and I remain confident
you will not fail me," A small shudder raced through the gathered
wizards and witches at the veiled threat. "Wormtail," Voldemort
snapped out.Wormtail! Theo thought, that was his name. A small,
balding man with a pointed nose, watery eyes, and a silver hand
hurried forward from his spot in the inner circle, and stood by the
Dark Lord's side."Wormtail will take over for me once I have finished drilling it
into your thick skulls what I expect of you," he said coldly. Theo
looked sideways at Aidan, who seemed just as startled by this
declaration as he. The other Death Eaters were shifting nervously,
and would have been murmering their bewilderment if they had dared."I'm sure everyone has heard about the new group of captured
Mudbloods that have arrived for your sport," the Dark Lord
continued, unfazed. "Do not take for granted my gifts," his red
eyes roamed over the crowd of his followers. "The rest of you who
are not named, work harder and you will have first choice of the
spoils," the Dark Lord managed to make even this sound like a
threat. "I can take away any Mudblood, for any reason, at any
time. Do not question why."Theo privately wondered who would be insane enough to do so, briefly
considered Bellatrix, who was notoriously crazy, then rejected her as
too fanatical to question motives."If any of my Death Eaters," here, the Dark Lord paused, made
deliberate eye contact with the inner circle, and continued, "any
of my Death Eaters displeases me, expect to meet me in chamber six
tomorrow evening."The flinching of the group assembled was far more obvious this time.
Chamber Six was the stuff of nightmares, a place spoken of in hushed
whispers, where few emerged from alive. "Wormtail will now
proceed," the Dark Lord intoned, "good evening."He apparated away after his customary, cordial dismissal, and the
small man known as Wormtail stepped forward.

