The SecretPrologueBy: dee-dee142The park was just like any other in a muggle town; two pairs of swing sets, a sand box, a small jungle gym and large trees with braches that would cover a whole family picnic from the sun. The park may look ordinary but there was something special about it that Hermione liked. For one the park had been present throughout her whole life. So many memories were set in the park, good and bad; from falling from her bike to making her first friend. The park was also the place for her to clear her thoughts and think, to reorganize anything that had given her a migraine. She would head out her house and to her favorite spot, the seat under the tree. Her spot was always empty, every time she needed it and that day was no exception....There were families. Pureblood families who didn't want to go to the dark side, but Voldemort wanted them. These purebloods were powerful. Their magic was beyond any normal wizard and when one these powerful purebloods decide to marry another of the powerful pureblood there kids would have twice the power...Hermione sat under the tree with the envelop sitting between her legs, waiting to be opened. A gust of wind flew by making her pull the cashmere sweater tighter around her. She was sure it wasn't past seven o'clock, but with the sun low in the sky, the chilly air and empty park she doubted it now. The witch was considering whether opening the letter would be the road to go. She didn't know where it would lead to. She liked to be secure about her actions....Let me finish some families were smarter then others. Some purebloods decided to have a baby after the war and some didn't see the war coming so they had they're children already... Hermione, baby, the purebloods who kept their babies gave them to muggles...Something in her mind kept tell her that she could always forget the letter, forget what her parents told her. The young witch could always head back into her warm, cozy home to finish eating her dinner, bid her parents goodnight and go into her room, read a nice book and forget that she was told that the Cantrell's were her biological family. But then just when that started to sound nice, the logical part of her brain reminded her that she was a young witch, called Hermione Granger. Hiding and cowering was what she stood against....It was Mr. Cantrell that said everything. He told us to take you in and raise you as we would our own. He said that you weren't safe with them. The woman, shewas a beauty, just cried. The only time she smiled was when she looked down at you and said the only three words I ever heard her say, 'I love you'. She then handed you to me. The man handed your father two envelops said 'Thank you and please take good care of her.' ...She was a Gryffindor with lots a courage, brains and loyalty. The Grangers were serious when they told her about the war and she felt opening the envelope would help with the war going on in some way. With that in mind, she opened the expensive envelope, revealing a perfectly folded, ivory colored parchment. She weighed it on her hand still unopened. The sides were thick and from just looking at it she could tell it cost more then what she paid for a piece of parchment.'Only the best, for a Cantrell.' She remembered the quote from one of the few sections on the private Cantrell family. At the state of the parchment she could help but agree.Hermione looked from left to right making sure there was no one around. She took a deep breath and opened the parchment slowly and delicately.My dearest Isabelle,First and far most, you must know that your father and I love you very much. We know that you don't remember us but understand that we had to protect our family and giving you to the Grangers was the only way. Isabelle, we are a powerful family. Voldemort wanted us in his ranks of death eaters because of our great power and we couldn't bring that type of life to you or our family. We know this war will not be over anytime soon.Your father and I hope that at least by now you have made the right decision in which side you are on. We left you with the Grangers and I'm sure they raised you to be against the war. But be aware that there's more to it Belle, but you will find out in due time. Keep your mind and eyes open, love. Don't forget your name; Isabelle Harmony Cantrell.Love,Mya Harmony &Alexander Bryant CantrellHermione read the letter over and over until she could mesmerize it. She was actually  disappointed. She expected more, like three or five pages more. But it was only two paragraphs, ten sentences, one-hundred fifty two words in perfect script. She was very disappointed.'Keep your mind and eyes open.' It was obvious there was another secret involved. Something that wouldn't go past her well. Her name was very important, Mrs. Cantrell practically underlined it. Maybe that meant she would have to tell everyone - Hermione sighed. None of it made any sense. Why would they keep so much secrecy all these years then want her to expose it to all? No one even knew they had a child!The clue were to painfully obvious. Something was missing or they had said to much. Hermione looked in the envelope and found a gold oval-shaped locket. On the front was her Cantrell initials 'IHC' and on the back it was the just the name 'Cantrell'. She reached to touch it and once she did, a flash of red passed through it. The second time it didn't do anything and she picked it up.Interesting.The locket had been made with and by magic. She had read about many different kinds of jewelries that were made the same way. They were passed down by pureblooded families in either in rings, bracelets or what she was currently holding in her hand; a locket.Hermione looked down at hers again. It looked untouched, and brand new, even if it was locked up for almost eighteen years. She doubted was owned by someone before her.'I love you, Hermione' her mom whispered. 'we both love you so much.'Hermione returned the hug but she still felt there was something in the air that they weren't telling her. She let it go, she heard enough for one day.She turned it over and slowly opened it. Inside was a picture of a baby girl. The longer she looked it made her realize it was her. Big brown eyes and hair. After a minute of staring at the picture in disbelief the picture got lighter and a loud wail started, Hermione quickly closed it. When she opened it again the same thing happened, after the fifth time she gave up and let out a frustrated grunt. The witch picked up the letter and skimmed though it again.'Don't forget your name; Isabelle Harmony Cantrell.' Hermione looked from the paper to the locket and back again.'One clue that leads to the other' She figured. She opened the locket a sixth time but this time she put it closer to her and said, "I am Isabelle Harmony Cantrell."She felt like she usually did during apparition and she quickly turned to look at her house hoping her parents see her before her world went black.
