Forbidden
to LoveSummary:
 Juliet grew up at Malfoy Manor. They told how to dress, act, who to
be friends with, and who she was. They even told her she was
forbidden to love unless they said other wise, but when Juliet
attends Hogwarts can all of that change?Juliet
sat on her bed in Malfoy Manor reading and re-reading the envelope on
her hand. It had just come and she hadn't opened it because it was
weird to her. She never received letters and whenever she did Lucius
would take them. She turned the envelope over and started to open it
when another owl flew in her window. It made a crash landing on her
bed then stood up."And
who are you from?" Juliet asked.The
owl just looked at her and dropped the letter. Juliet picked it up
and looked at the address."I'm
afraid this isn't for me," Juliet said but before she could give
the owl back the letter there was a knock on her door."Just
a moment," Juliet shouted shoving the the letter under her pillow.
"Fly on top of the dresser," she whispered to the owl and the owl
flew straight to the top."Enter,"
she shouted."Hello,
Juliet," a voice said."What
do you want, Malfoy?" She asked with a sneer."Is
that anyway to treat your brother and fellow classmate?" he asked
smirking.Juliet
turned and walked up to him."First
of all you are not my brother. Second if I was your classmate I would
treat you with the respect you deserve. Which incidentally is none!"
She replied angrily before walking over to her window."You
should really learn to control your temper, Juliet. Whats that?" he
asked walking over to her bed."What's
what, Draco?" she asked turning around."That,"
He said pointing to the letter on her bed."Nothing,"
Juliet said running over to her bed to grab it but Draco already had
it and opened it."Dear
Miss Juliet Vanessa Black,We
are please to inform you that you have been excepted into Hogwarts
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry," Draco read. "Juliet this is
wonderful. I got a letter today too. Juliet, are you ok?" Draco
asked when he noticed that Juliet had slid down the wall by the
window."My
name," She said."What
about your name? They have it on here wrong. Your full name is Juliet
Narcissa Malfoy," Draco said."No,
Draco. They have it right," Juliet said."No
they don't," He argued back."Yes
they do. I was adopted. Thats why we look nothing alike," Juliet
replied as she got up and walked over to her mirror and looked at her
reflection."She's
right you know," said a voice."You're
a mirror what would you know?" Draco asked angrily."I
see almost everything that happens in this room, and I see what
everyone looks like. Juliet is a petite and has light brown curly
hair with a tint of red. Your have bleach blond straight hair. The
only similarity thing between you two is your eyes. Icy blue," the
mirror said."We
get the hint mirror. That's enough," Juliet said walking away from
the mirror. "Now what was the original reason for coming up here?""O,
I had forgotten. Mother wanted me to tell you that dinner is almost
ready and that you should dress appropriately because we have guests
over. We will settle this at dinner," Draco said before walking out
the door.Juliet
walked over to her wardrobe and pulled out one of her dresses. This
one was light blue. It was full length with a low neckline and
cropped sleeves. Juliet put it on and then went to her mirror. She
pinned her curls up and left some loose around her face."You
look beautiful. You should wear your one drop blue diamond necklace
and matching earrings," the mirror said."Thank
you mirror. You are quite right about that," Juliet said putting
the jewelry on."Marvelous!"
mirror exclaimed."I
will see you later," Juliet said rushing from her room.As
she reached the bottom step she heard Lucius entertaining the guests
in the parlor. She walked in and saw a small family briefly before
Lucius hugged her."You
look beautiful, my dear," Lucius said."Thank
you," Lily said."Everyone
this is my daughter, Juliet. Juliet this is Matthew Flint, his wife
Marietta, and his son Marcus," Lucius said with his hands on her
shoulders."It's
a pleasure to meat you all," Juliet said with a curtsy."She's
charming, Lucius," Mr. Flint said."Thank
you, Flint," Lucius replied."Lucius,
Dinner is ready," Narcissa called from the dinning room."We'll
discuss business after dinner then," Lucius said walking out of the
room.Juliet
waited till everyone had left the room or so she thought. When she
looked up, she saw Marcus standing there smirking at her."Can
I help you?" Juliet asked, standing by the doorway."No.
Well not yet anyway," He said walking by with a smirk."I
wonder what that was about" Juliet thought to herself before
exiting.As
she entered the dining room, Lucius looked at her and said, " Why
don't you sit by Marcus, my dear?" Juliet knew it was more of an
order than a suggestion. She walked over and sat at the seat next to
Marcus, who looked too pleased."So,
Juliet, Draco tells me you two received your Hogwarts letters today,"
Lucius said."He
did, did he?" asked Juliet giving Draco an evil glare."Yes
he did. He also said something about an argument about whether or not
you are a real Malfoy," Lucius said placing his goblet down. 
Juliet said nothing. She only looked down at her plate. She could
feel his icy blue eyes staring at her. She didn't look up to face
him, she just stared at her hands in her lap."Are
you going to look at me and answer or are you going to just sit
there?" Lucius asked."May
I be excused?" Juliet asked looking at Narcissa."That
is up to your father," Narcissa replied looking at Lucius."May
I be excused?" Juliet asked again looking above Lucius's head."No
you may not, not until you look at me and talk about what happened
today," Lucius replied."Lucius, not right now. We
have guests," Narcissa said politely."You're right, Cissy. We will
discuss this after dinner, Juliet," Lucius said turning back to
entertain his guests."Yes,
sir," Juliet said looking down and finishing her food. "May I be
excused now?""Yes
you may. Your Father will call you down when he is ready to talk to
you," Narcissa said.Juliet stood up, curtsied to the
Flints then walked up stairs to her room. She walked into her room
and slammed the door."I'm
guessing dinner didn't go well," said Mirror."No
it didn't, Mirror. Thanks to Draco I'm in trouble," Juliet said
walking over to her balcony doors and throwing them open."What
did he do know?" Mirror asked."He
told Lucius about the letter and the argument we got in and now
Lucius is furious with me because I argued with him about it,"
Juliet answered looking out at the land that surrounded Malfoy Manor.
"I'm sick of being here, Mirror. I want to be able to go outside
Manor walls and go were I want, whenever I want.""You
know that isn't possible, dear. At least, not until you have someone
or marry," Mirror said."I'm
not ready for that, Mirror. I mean I've never been outside the walls
of the Manor. I want to know what the world looks like outside of
here and outside of stories," Juliet said."That
won't happen just yet, dear. Not unless you runaway or something,
which you won't right?" Mirror asked."No,
Mirror. I won't run away," She answered walking out onto her
balcony. "At least not yet," she added under her breath.Juliet stood on her balcony,
looking out on the land of Malfoy Manor. She was lost in her own
world. She was so lost in it that she didn't notice a house elf
appear beside her until it tugged on her dress."Miss," it said tugging
again."Yes,
Dobby," Juliet said after recovering from the scare she had just
received."Master Lucius asks that you
come down stairs now," Dobby said."Thank
you, Dobby. I will be down in a moment," she replied as the house
elf nodded then disappeared.She
walked over and looked in the mirror."You look fine dear. Just go
before he gets more mad," Mirror said.Juliet nodded and walked out of
her room. She walked down the steps and ran into Draco at the bottom."Watch
were your going, Draco," Juliet said gripping the railing to
prevent herself from falling. "Why are you smiling? We both just
almost fell down the stairs.""You'll see," He said
walking up the stairs still smiling.Juliet walked down the last
steps and walked towards Lucius' study. She knocked on the door and
waited to hear someone say enter."Enter," a voice came.Juliet
cautiously opened the door and walked in. She turned to close the
door and saw Marcus out of the corner of her eye. She said nothing
and closed the door. She turned around and looked down at her feet."Dear
there is no reason to look down. You are not a servant and you are
not in trouble," Lucius said."But
dinner," Juliet started."Do
you want punishment?" Lucius asked."No
sir. If you didn't want me down here for that then why am I down
here?" Juliet asked looking up."I
have some rather good news," Lucius said smiling."What
is that," Juliet asked having a bad feeling that the answer would
involve Marcus."Marcus here has agreed to
marry you in 2 years time," Lucius said with a smile."WHAT!?" Juliet screamed."Don't
sound so excited my dear. He is perfect for you. You will love him
from now till you die," Lucius said."What
if I don't want to love him? What if I want to find love on my own?"
Juliet said half yelled."You
have no say in this matter, Juliet. You are forbidden to love anyone
but Marcus. That is the end of it," Lucius said raising his voice."Who
are you to tell me that I can love no one but him? I will no marry
him I refuse," Juliet said trying to keep her temper."I
am your father.."Lucius started."You
are NOT my father and you have no right to give me away to someone I
will not and cannot love," Juliet said her temper showing."I
am your Father and you will love Marcus and you will marry him. End
of discussion," Lucius said slamming his hands down on his desk."No
I will not," Juliet yelled before running out of the room. She ran
up the stairs and into her room, slamming her door. She collapsed on
her bed crying."What
happened?" she heard Mirror ask."He
told me that I was to marry Marcus in 2 years time," Juliet said
crying even more."O
dear. I'm guessing that didn't go well," Mirror said."No
it didn't I said I would not then stormed out of the room," Juliet
said."O
well good for you, dear. Try to tell someone who to love. Its messed
up if you ask me," Mirror said."Thank
you, Mirror but it isn't up to you. He will force me to marry him
unless I do something," she said."Run,"
Mirror said after a few moments of silence."What?" Juliet asked."Run.
Runaway, far away. He can't force you to marry someone if your not
here," Mirror said."Yes
but what about school?" Juliet asked."Go
to school. Malfoy can't come remove you. You have a vault key so you
can get money for supplies and while you're there find love then he
can't do anything," Mirror said."You're right, Mirror. I will
run. I'll get the stray owl to show me where it came from. I'll go
there. They won't even know until I show up at school. I'll go
tonight," Juliet said wiping her tears."Good
girl. Wait till everyone is asleep then take some of your clothes,
your horse and follow the owl to freedom," Mirror said."I
will, but for now let me get some sleep that way I can be there by
morning," Juliet said."Of
course, Dear," Mirror said."Thanks, Mirror," Juliet
said before laying down and falling asleep.
