Title:
Another ChanceRating:
PG/K++Summary:
A clich time travel story with a twist. After losing his
friends and family to the war, Harry travels back in time to his
fourteen year old self's body and tries to change the outcome of
the Triwizard Tournament.AN: The
first difference you will notice between this and other time travel
fics is that Harry is going back to his Fourth Year, and not his
First. I don't know if other authors have tried this, but this is
completely original on my part. I will also introduce you to some
twists which I think are original. Currently, I plan on continuing
this particular fic up to the end of Fourth Year. That may change,
depending on the reviews I get. Finally, this is compliant with canon
up to OOTP. That means there are no Horcruxes, and no Deathly
Hallows.Disclaimer:
All belongs to JK.Disclaimer #2:
Since this is rather a 'spur of the moment,' thing to get me out
of my inertia, this story may or may not be as well-written as I
would like, in terms of both, plot and language. Therefore, it may or
may not be subject to heavy revisions later,Chapter One: The
First TaskHarry awoke on the
morning of the First Task with a splitting headache and a feeling of
panic that seemed strangely foreign to him. He groaned and struck out
his hand in the general direction of his alarm clock which stopped
ringing. Looking up, the first thing he noticed was that his body was
oddly scrawny  even scrawnier than usual. He looked to the right
and saw Ron snoring peacefully in his bed. Ron  he shot up in
alarm and turned his gaze to the bed on his left. Neville was
sleeping on it. The gentle rise and fall of his chest indicated that
he was very much alive and kicking.A sea of memories
flooded into his head and exacerbated his headache. Rubbing his
temples, he tried to make sense of what all had happened. The war 
it all came back to him. The war had cost Harry a lot. By the time
Voldemort had been defeated, the only people in his inner circle left
alive were Ginny and Luna. Everyone else had died at the hands of
Voldemort or his Death-Eaters. When it ended though, Harry had had no
plans of traveling back in time on a fool's errand to stop
Voldemort. It would have been too risky and besides, Ginny would
never have let him try it. But after she was killed by a rogue
Death-Eater, Harry felt that he had nothing to live for. Luna helped
him come up with a ritual that had only the slimmest of chances of
success. But apparently, it had succeeded, and this time, Harry meant
to do everything right and save as many lives as he possibly could.
Starting with Cedric.That was why he had
pinpointed the First Task rather than the Third Task. With a decent
lead before him, and the knowledge of the maze he had from the first
time around, he could easily beat the rest of the champions to the
Cup and finish Voldemort for once and for all, before the Second War
could even start. Besides that, he would have to be very careful to
follow the original timeline as closely as possible, or else lose
control of events. There was only one thing he planned on doing
differently this time  Ginny.Grumbling under his
breath, Harry kicked off his bed sheets, showered and got dressed. He
was about to wake Ron when he remembered, just in the nick of time,
that Ron wasn't speaking to him during that period. Rolling his
eyes at how immature he and his best mate had been, or rather, were,
he headed downstairs to the Common Room.Hermione was waiting
for him there, and after giving her a quick hug that was extremely
uncharacteristic of him, they headed down to breakfast and then to
their first class History of Magic. All the while, Harry continued to
berate himself over that hug. He had been so happy to see his best
friend alive again, that he had lost control of his emotions. While
he couldn't replay everything exactly as it happened the first time
around, he knew he should have at least behaved in-character.
Fortunately, after looking at him oddly for a couple of minutes,
Hermione seemed to pass this peculiar behaviour off as due to his
nerves.In History of Magic,
Harry caught up on his sleep, and before he knew it, Professor
McGonagall was leading him down to the Champions' tent on the edge
of the Forbidden Forest. He paled slightly as he pulled out the
Hungarian Horntail model, and what nerves he had managed to brush off
came rushing back to him. What if the summoning charm failed? He
tried not to think of it. Cedric went in first, followed by Fleur and
then Krum, leaving Harry to pace by himself.At last, the whistle
blew and Harry half-jogged, half-walked into the tent where the
Horntail waited for him. He sucked in his breath as the magnificent
beast came into sight  he had forgotten how huge it was. Pulling
out his wand, he bellowed, "ACCIO FIREBOLT!" At first, it seemed
like nothing had happened; but then, he heard a rustling sound as his
faithful broom flew into his hands and heaved a sigh of relief. In
the crowd, he was dimly aware of Hermione digging her nails into her
cheeks. He also thought he saw a large black dog, and grinned despite
himself. It was a good feeling, knowing that his Godfather was alive
and watching over him. Swinging his leg over the broom he kicked off,
and felt all his tension evaporate. This was his element.His strategy was pretty
much the same as last time. Only, this time, he shot random spells at
the dragon from the air just to confuse it. It was difficult, but he
had perfected this art during his many raids on Death-Eater
strongholds. Sure enough, he managed to evoke a response from it
earlier. The Horntail unfurled its leathery wings and rose into the
air. At precisely that second, Harry dived, and before the Horntail
knew what had happened, he had grabbed the Golden Egg, and was
soaring above the crowd.He had avoided getting
hurt by the Horntail's tail this time, but Professor McGonagall
still dragged him to Madam Pomfrey's first-aid tent for a check-up.
Just as she pronounced him fit to go, Hermione and Ron came into the
tent. But before any of them could open their mouths, Hermoine
smacked Harry on the side of his head and pulled him into tight hug.
Harry noticed Ron had gone even whiter than before, and smirked
inwardly."What were you
thinking?" Hermione hissed, letting go. "That wasn't part of
the plan!"Harry blanched, before
recovering quickly. "Sorry, Hermione. It was a spur of the moment
thing.""You could have lost
your concentration! You could have gotten yourself killed!" she
almost yelled. Madam Pomfrey, who was tending to Cedric, sent a glare
her way."Calm down,
Hermione," said Harry, grinning at her affectionately. "I don't
plan on dying any time soon." His gaze hardened as he turned to
Ron. The tension in the air seemed to increase ten-fold. Hermione
noticed, and whatever argument she had come up with died within her.
Harry stared, waiting for Ron to begin."Listen, Harry "
began Ron finally, but Harry cut him off."Don't worry about
it.""No really ""I'm serious Ron.
Don't worry about it," repeated Harry, holding out his hand. Ron
hesitated, and then grasped it, a wide smile breaking across his
freckled face."C'mon mate," he
said, grinning. "They're about to announce your score."
Arm-in-arm, the three friends walked over to the Judges' table.
Harry got tens from all four of the judges except Karakoff. Karakoff
gave him a zero, claiming that none of Harry's spells had worked
against the dragon, and it was only luck that it decided to fly up to
get him. There was an uproar in the stands against such obvious bias.
Harry should at least have gotten points for the summoning charm and
his flying, but nothing could be done about it. Harry swore under his
breath. He still had the exact same number of points as he had had
last time, and was tied with Krum for the top spot.After his briefing with
Bagman (in which he was basically told that the egg was a clue), and
ignoring Rita Skeeter, Harry headed to the 'surprise' party Fred
and George had planned, about which Ron just happened to let slip AN: Well?
What did you think? This was basically more of a prelude with nothing
major different from canon. The next chapter with deal with the Yule
Ball, and what powers has brought from the future, and what powers he
will have to develop again. Sorry if this chapter is rather short,
but please bear with me. Please don't forget to tell me what you
think of my English when you review, because that's the main reason
I right Fanfiction. As always, constructive criticism is especially
welcomed. Cheers!Updated: 09/02/08
