This is the picture of a ten-year-old boy: ankle-deep in a sluggish creek in some nameless stretch of Appalachian woods, faded jeans rolled up above muddy knees, grass stains on a white t-shirt, and, beneath a Red Sox cap, eyes alight with simple joy at a bright salamander curled in a pool of mica-flecked water in grubby hands; evening at the height of summer with red sunlight filtered through restless leaves, a mother's voice floating over a split-rail fence, bare feet in the grass and slapping on the boards of a porch."Oh, Luke." His mother straightened, wiping her hands on her apron and frowning. "How do you manage to get so filthy?"And then he opened his eyes.The shadowed ceiling mocked him with its strangeness; a week was not long enough to adjust him to the change. The sheets of the bed smelled of flowery detergent and the room was oppressively hot, even in the small hours of the morning as the dew lay thick on the sill of the open window. A boy who at the age of ten had already experienced the worst day of his life rolled onto his side and closed his eyes again, trying to recapture that final sweet evening, but the memory roiled like smoke in his sleep-drugged mind and evaded capture. He concentrated instead on the slow and steady breath of the other boy, a dim figure across the room.The morning came with perfect omelets and pleasant conversation. The other boy watched Luke over the rim of his glass of orange juice, grey eyes solemn, and Luke pretended not to notice. The two older girls, their shoulders freckled by the summer sun, squabbled over the last of the toast but quieted at a gentle word from their mother, who paused to give Luke a kind smile as she fed the baby. The father read the newspaper and talked about work in cryptic terms Luke did not understand, and did not try. When breakfast was through he wandered onto the back porch and leaned on the rail, watching the motes dance in the beams of heavy morning sunlight in the little, half-overgrown garden already ablaze with the day's approaching heat.The other boy had followed him. They had spoken very little over the past week, Luke out of apathy and the other out of shyness, but the other was a curious and friendly boy and, for lack of experience, did not understand the mechanisms of grief. "Wanna go find frogs?" he asked, and Luke could hear him shifting his weight back and forth.Luke hesitated. He would have much rather sat in the rocking chair and watched the day pass, but he had been doing a lot of that lately and knew that his new caretakers, though striving to be understanding, were concerned. He had a vague notion that they might take him to what his brother called a shrink if that concern became too great, and since the last thing he wanted was to be forced to talk about his feelings, at last he shrugged and said, "Okay."The other boy's name was Jackson. He was small for his age, which was eleven, with large eyes and large ears and a lot of brown hair that his mother kept very short. His feet, however, were small, which he pointed out to Luke as they walked through the garden. "Dad says that means I won't get very tall," he said, making it sound like a lament. "Do you want to be tall?"Luke shrugged again. He had not thought about anything so mundane in over a month.A large field stretched behind the house, too big and unkempt to be called a yard but not given any particular purpose. The yellow grass was almost as tall as the boys but Jackson had made several trails through it, meandering footpaths that made the way much longer but passed by several landmarks of interest. Jackson took Luke to the aptly-named Big Rock, upon which they climbed to look back at the house across the sea of grass and wild berry bushes, and then past the bank with the hole where the foxes had lived the previous spring, and to the dead tree with the knothole where the raccoons hid their treasures. From this they recovered several plastic beads, a spoon, and Jackson's lucky rabbit foot, and in the triumph of that discovery Luke even smiled, surprising himself. The air was hot and hazy, heavy with the scent of earth and summer blooms, but the air lightened as they passed beyond the curtain of shade cast by the woods.Jackson kept up an effortless lighthearted chatter as they walked; he seemed to believe that a barrier had been breached and was coming into his own. Luke was quiet, following the other's confident steps along the obviously well-used trail, every now and then reaching out to brush a finger along a leaf or through a patch of moss, pausing to look up at the canopy of branches with the sunlight speckling his face. It was a nice feeling, walking through the empty peace of the trees with Jackson, almost enough to make him forget that he was in mourning. As he was wondering whether or not thinking about forgetting his mourning counted as thinking about it, he glanced up at a flash of movement, and was so startled that he tripped."Oh gosh," said Jackson, jogging back to him and plopping down onto his knees. "You okay?"Luke had scraped his elbow and brushed away the dirt as he sat up. Tiny dots of blood were seeping through and he blotted them distractedly on the leg of his jeans, looking intently into the branches. "Did you see that? Where did it go?""See what?" Excited at the mystery, Jackson joined in the search. "I didn't""It was a big owl. Over there."The effect of this statement on Jackson was electric. To Luke, seeing a healthy owl in flight at midmorning was odd; Jackson, however, gasped so hard that he choked and fell backward, only to scramble coughing to his feet. But he was not frightenedhis face was alight, large eyes bulging larger still with wild hope. "Was it carrying anything?" he asked, staring at Luke intently."Um," said Luke. "I dunno. What do you mean?""Never mind, come on!" When Luke did not move Jackson seized his arm and hauled him to his feet. "Come on, back to the house! I mean...I'll race you!" And he took off, kicking up dead leaves beneath his ratty old sneakers, disappearing through the trees.Luke was mystified. Up to this point Jackson had been polite and friendly but not extraordinary, and this sudden outburst marked the first time that Luke had been genuinely interested in anything since his mother's death. He jogged back along the path, taking only one wrong turn in the maze of the field, and came through the screen door into the kitchen just in time to see Jackson's bright face fall into despair, a change so dramatic it was almost comical."What...what..." gasped Luke, clutching the stitch in his side."It was nothing," said Jackson's father, patting his son on the shoulder as Jackson flopped into a chair. "We raised a baby owl last winter, and Jack thought it might have come home."Jackson glanced up at him and nodded, but appeared too devastated to speak.It was not until after lunch that Jackson recovered enough to venture outside again, and though he spent the entire trip scouring the trees (and fiercely denying that he was whenever Luke pointed it out), they made it to the creek. It was a twisting band of quick-running water between steep inclines, rocky with pools of various sizes and only fifteen feet across at its widest point. Luke at last managed to distract Jackson by asking about snails and they had a very productive afternoon of wading through the creek, pants rolled up past their knees, turning over rocks to find the tiny snails that Jackson called periwinkles (a name previously unknown to Luke), collecting them in a shallow sandy pool for no reason other than that they could. At one point Jackson uncovered a crayfish and they filled the woods with their shouts and squeals, each yelling for the other to grab it but neither brave enough to chance the grip of the two-inch-long claws.Altogether it was the first day since he had come to this place that Luke could actually call good. Jumping through the creek, soaked and muddy, he felt almost at home, and it was nice to have someone there with him. Once engaged with the snail-hunt Jackson appeared to forget entirely about his disappointment over the owl, and Luke envied him that ability; he wished he could forget his disappointments so easily. Jackson was mercurial and dynamic, living entirely in the thrill of the moment, and despite all the differences between them, as they sat among the ferns with their feet trailing in the cold water and Jackson chewed on the stem of a wild onion, Luke decided that he liked the other boy.The next few days were much the same, long and hot and full of the structureless adventure that lends itself so well to the imaginations of children. They stalked garter snakes in the tall grass, screaming when they came suddenly upon the creatures and trying without success to pin them beneath forked sticks. They went with the mother into town for grocery shopping and wandered the store by themselves, flinging loose coffee beans over the aisles as they searched out the items on the coupons the mother had clipped from the newspaper. On a rainy day they built a fort out of the furniture in the den and excluded the sisters until the mother scolded them, and all four of them slept in a pile of blankets and pillows until wakened by the lightning, whereupon they sat awake with flashlights, whispering and pretending to be unafraid until exhaustion overtook them. And the boys spent a lot of time down at the creek, building a dam that the rain washed away, searching endlessly for the crayfish (which they named Big Bob), climbing trees and digging holes and forging new paths into the wilderness.There were days in which Luke even forgot that he was in mourning, moments in which he felt like a part of the Parker family, though it always frightened him to realize that he had felt those things. He did not want to forget what he had left behind.Dear Mark:Things are okay here in Kentucky. I miss our house, but the Parkers are really nice and there's a boy here named Jackson who's my age and we do stuff together. There's a creek down in the woods and a hole in a tree where the raccoons hide the things they steal. How is college? Did you find a good job yet? You know if you ever want to go home, even if it's not our home, this place is nice and the Parkers would be happy if you came. You could have my bed. Maybe for Christmas? Write me back so I know you're doing okay. Oh and Jack wants to write something.Hi Mark! Luke is great! We're best friends now! Come visit so you can teach us the yoyo trick Luke talks about! Bye!Anyway. Write soon.LukeIt was on the evening of the day that marked the end of Luke's second full week with the Parkers that everything changed, profoundly and permanently.Years later it would occur to Luke to think about that change, the suddenness with which his lifeand, indeed, his entire worldviewwas so drastically altered. At the time it was the shocking newness that most affected him, but once he became experienced with the change he would realize that it was more like the way in which a caterpillar becomes a butterfly, a metamorphosis from the life he had taken for absolute into an entirely new mode of being.This change arrived in the form of nothing so dramatic as its consequences; it arrived in plain black ink.It was a dinner like any other, barbecued chicken and vegetables from the garden. The sun was setting behind the trees and the house was in shadow, under a curtain of deepening twilight while the treetops across the field were still blazing gold in the sun's last light. Luke was facing the screen door that led out onto the back porch, sitting across from Jackson, and as he passed the bowl of peas to the other boy amid the happy babble common to the family at mealtime, he noticed something."Um," said Luke. At once the room fell silent, and though the adults looked merely solicitous the children were obviously astonished that he had spoken; for all his increased involvement in the family, Luke was a quiet boy and did not often contribute to conversations. For a moment Luke forgot what he had been going to say, startled by their goggling stares."Yes, Luke?" asked the mother.Luke blinked, then pointed at the window. "Jack, is that your owl?"Every head turned, and for a few seconds they were all still, matching the intent gaze of the golden-eyed owl perched on the porch railing; the only sound was the baby gurgling happily as she slapped at the peas on her tray. Then Jackson leapt from his chair as though catapulted, the father pushed to his feet, and the sisters started gasping and talking loudly. Jackson flung open the screen door and the owl sailed in as though it had expected nothing less, settling on the back of Jackson's vacated chair. Tied by a string to its left leg was a large envelope.The father fumbled with the string, his eyes almost as large as Jackson's, and as he lifted the envelope something else fell down into the chair, but he did not notice; he was too busy shouting in unrestrained joy and lifting little Jackson into his arms. Jackson clutched the envelope like a lifeline as his father swung him around, his mouth opening and closing without a sound. When he was released he dodged around the table, skidding on the linoleum, and held the envelope in both hands before Luke's face. Jackson Vance Parker, it read in black calligraphy, 1430 Sundown Lane, Vicksburg, Kentucky."What is it?" asked Luke, feeling left out."It's my letter!" yelled Jackson. Luke had never seen anyone quite so elated, much less over an ordinary-looking letter. The father was already rattling off a list of people he would have to inform and Jackson was showing the envelope to his sisters, who looked just as happy as him.Just then, as Luke was trying to assemble in his mind the pieces of this strange puzzle, there was a touch on his arm and he turned toward the mother. "It was carrying this, too," she said quietly, with a strange little smile.She was holding an envelope.It was identical to Jackson's except that the stark black ink on the front read Lucas Alan Baxter in place of Jackson Vance Parker. Luke took it and frowned, for the envelope was not made of normal paper but rather some thick, slightly textured material like parchment. He turned it over. On the back was a wax seal like something out of the Middle Ages, and the stamp was a crest, a shield on which was imprinted a rearing horse with wings and the letters E on one side and H on the other. He ran his thumb over it gently, with a strange sense of unreality as though realizing that he was in a dream."Hey Luke, what's that?" asked one of the sisters. The others froze, staring, and silence fell.Luke shook his head rather absently, still looking at the seal. "It's for me."Jackson came toward him slowly and Luke showed him the front of the letter with his name. Jackson read it three times, the third time out loud, and though Luke would not have believed the boy's eyes could have gotten larger, they did, until they looked ready to fall from his head. "You got a letter," he said simply."Yeah, I guess so," said Luke, and looked around. "What does that mean?""You're going with me!" cried Jackson, his voice cracking with shrill emotion. "That's your letter! You got a letter! We'll go together! You and me!"He grabbed both of Luke's arms and pulled him up, dancing with him on the kitchen floor. The father was beaming, the mother's smile had widened into an expression of pure delight, and the baby was adding her happy squeals to the general din. "Going where?" asked Luke loudly, to be heard, as he was pulled and bounced around by Jackson. "Where are we going?""Emerald Hill!" said Jackson breathlessly, gripping his letter with one hand and Luke's arm with the other, tightly enough to hurt. "You and me, Lukewe're going to Emerald Hill!"
