Permanent
Disclaimer: I
do not own anything you recognize. Don't sue me.A/n:
I'm not sure how often I will post but hopefully at least one
chapter a week (may be less often as I am also writing other
stories). As of now I'm not sure of all future pairings.Warnings
Read
All:
OOC,
AU, 6th
and 7th
book never happened, not really based too much on the other books,
different prophecy, male/male pairings, abuse (physical/verbal),
mentions of rape, Dumbledore lovers don't read, (Voldemort,
Draco, Lucius, or Severus haters don't read), possible character
death laterIf
you don't like this then don't read and if you do anyway don't
complain.Chapter
One: The New StudentIt
was almost time for the sorting. The doors to the Great Hall opened
and in came Professor McGonagall followed by a bunch of apprehensive
looking first years. Everyone in the hall quieted down to watch the
procession, eager not only to see the sorting but for it to be over
so they could eat. When the first years reached the front of the hall
Albus stood to address the students."I
have a special announcement. This year we will be having an exchange
student as a guest. He will be in the sixth year. Please give a warm
welcome to Ethan Rial!"Out
from the doors to the side of the High Table came an extremely
handsome young man. He had black hair that was cropped semi-short and
spiked with gel. He was slightly tanned and had eyes of such a dark
brown that one could hardly tell where the pupils ended and the
colour began. Underneath his plain black robes he wore a pair of
designer jeans and a silver form-fitting button-up shirt. He looked
very fit, you could tell he worked out.Everyone
stared as Ethan made his way over to the sorting hat. He sat down and
then placed the hat upon his head. He stayed like that for a very
long amount of time, until finally"GRYFFINDOR!"He
got up and placed the hat back on the stool then went straight to the
Gryffindor table. He did not look at anyone on his way and sat down
at the table not seeming to notice everyone staring at him or the
fact that he had sat next to Harry. The sorting continued and Ethan
ignored all the looks of curiosity that were aimed in his direction.
Finally the sorting was through and Albus gave the rest of his
beginning of the term announcements. Everyone cheered as he sat down
and the food appeared signaling the start of the feast.Harry
glanced at the other house tables and noticed that the Slytherin
table was the only table that didn't have someone trying to look at
Ethan every couple of seconds. Well, until he noticed Draco. Draco
was staring intently at Ethan and he wore and expression of
disappointment as well as looking genuinely sad. This confused Harry
greatly, he had no idea how to react to the emotions playing across
Draco's face. Harry decided he would think about that later and
turned to look up at the High Table. Two of the tables occupants were
staring at Ethan as well. Professor Snape was wearing a similar
expression to that of Draco's but was managing to mask it better,
if only slightly. Albus was also staring at Ethan. Albus didn't
look any different to Harry except that the usual twinkle in his eyes
seems to have diminished some. Harry shrugged off his own odd
feelings then tucked into his meal. Everyone was eating and talking
happily, that is except Ethan who was just pushing his food around
his plate and no one noticed even though every one seemed to be
watching him. As the meal was coming to a close Professor McGonagall
came to stand behind Ethan and Harry."Ethan,
if you will follow me, I will show you to your room." stated
Professor McGonagall."Um,
Professor? I could show him to the dorms if you'd like me to."
said Harry."That
is kind of you Harry but I will show him. He will be staying with the
Gryffindors but will have a separate bedroom than the other sixth
years," replied McGonagall "Come Ethan."Ethan,
who had been quiet during the exchange, stood silently and followed
Professor McGonagall out of the hall. The trio stood and headed for
the common room. They were all pretty tired so they bid each other
goodnight and then headed up to their separate dorms. Seamus, Dean,
and Neville were already all asleep. Ron fell asleep just moments
after getting into bed but Harry lay awake pondering over the new
boy. Soon his curiosity got the better of him and he pulled out the
Marauder's Map to see where Ethan was. He found him quickly and
with a "mischief managed" he put the map away and pulled out his
invisibility cloak.A/n:
I'll try not to leave cliffhangers (I'm not fond of them), if
there is one I usually have the next chapter ready, though I know
sometimes there will be cliffhangers. Sorry ahead of time. Please
review and let me know any suggestions you may have so I can improve
the story. Ta.
