BondingMorning twilight A starlit skyTo have youTo hold youTo love youForeverBound.Prologue ~ June 7,
1997 ~ End of Half Blood Prince (1 year prior to the Deathly Hallows)Minerva felt as though
a hole had been carved through her chest to the bowels of her
soulher legs crumbling beneath heras her magic pulsedher
breath leaving her lungs as tears slipped down her cheeks. He was
dead.She could feel his
death rippling through her bodyspreading like a viruswithering
all that it toucheddrainingpulling her away as death began to
seep into her bonesMinerva could hear
fighting down the hallDeath Eatersshe mused as she fell
backwardsback striking the hard stoneknocking the last of the
wind from her lungs as she slid down the stone wall. Her fingers
becoming lax, wand clattering to the floorher eyes closingas
her own death came swiftly upon herOnly to have a
blinding flash burn through her fingers, veins, bones, to her
soulstaunching the flow of death and sweeping through her
bodyrebuilding, regenerating severing and subsequently
replacing an eternal bondhelping as she had unselfishly helped
before.And then Minerva
McGonagall did the unthinkableShe
took in another breathAnd
another as she blinked open her eyes and gazed about. Her first
thought was in wonderment that she was aliveand then she felt
tears burning in her eyes at the sudden emptiness that now existed
within her, save for a subtle purr humming through her...and before
she could give it another moment's thought, a student rounded the
corner. Even from this distance, she could see the fear blanketing
the face as two wizards pursued and at once, she was standing, wand
snapping into her fingers, the feel of the ebony wood caressing her
skin...and her arm moved in a sweeping archer magic coursing
through her in a melodious yet asymmetrical wayand then two
wizards jerked to a bone riddling stopAnd she turned to see relief
evident in the chocolate brown eyes now staring up at her for her
timely intervention."Thanks"
Hermione gulped in another breath of air, "Professor. What spell
did you cast? I've never seen anything remotely like that."
Hermione questioned momentarily peering at the unconscious death
eaters, wondering what could possibly cause them to collapse as
though the floors had swallowed them whole. After a heartbeat,
Hermione turned back to her professor, expecting to hear the familiar
Scottish burr giving an explanationand was at an utter loss for
wordsat the hollow woman before her. Gone was the rose hue from
her skin, the prideful stancethe fire burning within her emerald
eyes...Two
streaks of tears could be seen drying on McGonagall's cheeksand
Hermione found herself tentatively reaching outward. "Professor"
She stated as the tips of her fingers gently came into contact with
the thick silken outer robe. "Minerva." She reiterated wrapping
her hand around the elder witch's forearm. "Are you alright?"Instantly
as soon as her hand touched Minerva's arm, Hermione could feel a
gentle thrum of magic tingle against her fingersThe
subtle purr suddenly pulsed through Minervadrowning out the
overwhelmingsoul wrenching achesoothing the shards of the
shattered bondmending an irreparable holeThe
effect was electricand
Minerva jerked her arm away from Hermione. Emerald eyes were
suddenly peering down at Hermione as if truly seeing her for the
first time. "Are you injured, Miss Granger?" She asked, her eyes
sweeping over her form and then darting to the two death eaters
twenty feet away.Hermione
shook her head, "No, Professor. But are you?"Minerva
quirked her eyebrow as she glanced back at the young witch, she
was anything but alright, she thought. "Nothing I won't live
through, Hermione." Whether I chose to or not. She finished
silently, and before she could ascertain what had happenedand why
she was indeed alive, Minerva felt an unsettling feeling course
through herand she found herself speaking the words without
thought. "Comewe need to get to Entry Hall at once." She
stated and then in flurry of black and emerald robes strode away.Hermione
starred after her professor for a long moment, wondering what in
Merlin's name had just happenedand then she heard a series of
shouts, curses, and hexes At once, Hermione set after the Deputy
Headmistress intent on asking her Professor what happened as soon as
time allowed, but five minutes laterthe world changed, and her
question was forgottenFor
the greatest wizard of the age, the revered Headmaster of Hogwarts
Witchcraft and Wizardry, Albus Dumbledore had died.A/N: Please read 
This was originally
started because of the Hermione's Big Bang Challenge, but do to the
size and length it is going to be slowly uploaded here as the word
count is already four times larger than the minimum amount and still
growingand growingThe time table for
all but the prologue and first chapter will happen during the
2009-2010 Hogwarts school year. Each chapter will constitute one
day.Regarding
characters; we will see many original characters and some additional
ones that have joined the story. Original characters include;
Minerva, Hermione, Harry, Ginny, George, Filius Flitwick, Pomona
Sprout, Ron, Molly & Arthur Weasley, Albus Dumbledore, Aberforth,
Hagrid, Kingsley Shacklebolt and several others. This
story will contain themes of Albus & Minerva; Ron & Hermione;
and ultimately Minerva & Hermione as the story progresses. 
Overall, it generally follows canon through the seven books and
after; including Hermione's children. It's a
drama/friendship/romance/humor/angst/actionand more story rolled
into one.Lastly
~ Buckle your seatbeltsenjoy the ride and thank you in advance for
taking the time to read this story and if you so chose, leaving a
review.
