THIS STORY CONTAINS CHARACTERS AND PLACES CREATED BY J.K. ROWLING WHICH I CLAIM NO OWNERSHIP OVER. The general story line will be followed, however I will change certain aspects of the original story (Mostly the pasts of certain people) to make them fit for this one.Another important note: This story is currently being written and revised at the same time. Anyway, with much love. I hope you enjoy this story.XXX"Miss Wendling, do you care to explain why Professor Flitwick sent you here?" The headmaster's inquiring voice broke my concentration. I was counting the number of books on the shelves in front of me, making sure I didn't met Dumbledore's stare while still making it clear that I was paying attention."Well, you see sir," I began, working very hard to conceal a smirk, sure that it would only get me in worse trouble. "In Charms Class we were practicing the cheering charm, and I have to admit I got it down pretty easily. So when we were switching classes I saw Draco Malfoy looking quite down. I thought it wasn't far that he was in a sour mood, so I decided to put my own charm on him, to make him smile, of course. Well, it made me smile; he didn't seem to like it though. Can't imagine why, really,""It might have something to do with the fact your spell made him violently vomit butterflies and daisies, but that is merely a guess," Dumbledore grinned at me, raising his eyebrows with all seriousness. I smiled back guiltily, sinking back into my chair with resolve; There was no getting out of this one."Very well then, Miss Wendling. Although your intentions were strictly friendly, I must still give you a week's detention with Mr. Filch," Dumbledore announced, giving me a slight wink. I smiled graciously, a stunt like that should have at least landed me a month polishing trophies with Filch. Dumbledore always went easy on me though, for reasons unknown to me, not that I was arguing."I trust you can manage getting back to class without incident?" He asked, once again raising one of his bushy grey eyebrows."Yes, sir," I replied, hopping out of the seat and starting toward the dungeons where my third period potions class was being held. I didn't mind the subject at all, in fact I was quite good at potions, it was the teacher who was most unpleasant, Professor Snape. Snape had a personal vendetta against anyone who wasn't a Slytherin. It was quite obvious in the way he played favorites within his own house and ignore everyone else. However, I was anxious to tell my two best friends-Fred and George Weasley-how easily I got off.Not paying attention to much of anything, I walked to the dungeons as slowly as possible. I turned the corner, still not looking where I was going. I wasn't half surprised that my foot caught on something. What did surprise me, however, was that the thing I had tripped on was now on the floor as well, and was breathing. Underneath me, no longer vomiting butterflies, was Draco Malfoy looking quite livid.I made a face of disgust before hurriedly getting off of him, never wanting to be that close to him again. Malfoy repulsed me, to say the very least. He was a vile person, with a horrible family, almost all of them Death Eaters. If I hated anyone in the school more than Filch, it was that git who thought he owned the sodding place, Malfoy."You're making this too easy for me, Wendling," Draco sneered once he finally got himself up. He wasn't that much taller than me, only about an inch and a half, so his "scary-glare" wasn't having much effect on me. I wasn't afraid of Draco Malfoy, even if he did have his wand held to my throat."Put that away Draco," I snapped, my own glare in place. It was no matter really, I could curse him to china with a simple incantation, wand or not, I just did not like his cocky attitude."I don't think I will, Andrella. You see this is payback. You think you, a filthy little mud-blood, can curse me without conseque- " He didn't have time to finish the rest though, because I had gotten fed up and blasted him off of me. He caught his balance before he fell straight on his ass, but it gave me enough time to draw my own wand."I might be a "filthy little mud-blood" like you say I am Draco, but you aren't half the wizard I was in my fourth year. Face it; I can beat you with or without a wand. I'm the greater power and it doesn't matter who my parents are. You wouldn't dare take me on, would you Draco?" I taunted him, stepping forward. He couldn't answer. He knew I was right.I hadn't noticed that by the time my speech was over, we had an audience. The entire potions class was now crowded around us, waiting to see what would happen. I noticed two heads of vibrant red hair out of the corner of my eye, but I didn't dare turn around to see the amused smirks on their faces. They hated Malfoy just as much as I did, they even helped me with decide which curse I'd give Malfoy this morning."Stupefy" Draco yelled at the same time I muttered a quick "Protego". I was about to hit him with a stunning spell myself, when Professor Snape stepped in."Lower your wands," He demanded, emerging from his classroom, Draco's shouting no doubt attracting him.Grudgingly, I placed my wand back into the garter under my skirt. I felt slightly better when I saw that Draco had put away his as well, though not entirely. I was a little disappointed that I couldn't teach Draco a lesson in respect, something he definitely needs."Malfoy, Wendling, detention my classroom after dinner," Snape barked, staring at us both coldly, the fact that Draco also was punished for once helping marginally. "If you do not all wish to join them, I suggest you all run along to lunch,"Before I had a chance to roll my eyes, both of my arms were linked with another. One either side of me, stood a beaming red-head. "'Ello there," I greeted them as we began the walk up to the Great Hall."Drella, Drella, Drella. Whatever are we going to do with you?" George shook his head, with mock disappointment, "Second day back and you go cursing fourth years,""Oh, shut it. You know that you would have done it too if given the chance," I rolled my eyes, pushing him away lightly. Fred laughed at his brother who stumbled slightly, and ruffled my hair."Yeah, but George does have a point, Andi. You always seem to be getting in trouble. Maybe we've been a bad influence on you, like your mother so fervently expresses in her letters," Fred stated, sitting down at our usual spot at the Gryffindor table. I followed suit and was now comfortably seated between Fred and George, sipping some pumpkin juice that magically refilled itself whenever it was running low."Please, I would have been getting in trouble without your help. It just raised a level since I've met you two," I nodded in agreement. I couldn't disagree completely, a lot of the times I did some of the things I did because the twins were egging me on. Not that I minded, I loved all the ridiculous antics we came up with."So how long's your sentence, Drella?" George asked, in between stuffing pieces of grilled cheese in his mouth. I felt my heart race at the sound of my name. The only person who ever called me Drella or Drells was George. Haring George simply speak my name made my heart flutter, even as crumbs fell out of his mouth; everything he did made me smile just a bit wider.Seeing as I had made friends with the twins in our first year, I can't say with complete accuracy when my feelings crossed over the platonic line. Guessing, I'd say in the summer before our fourth year. Somewhere in between playing Quidditch in the apple orchard, pranking their little brother Ron, making fun of their older brother Percy, swimming in their lake, drinking firewhiskey nicked from their eldest brother Bill's room, and dancing around in our underwear, I developed feelings for George. I couldn't tell you what made me fall for him and not his twin brother, I just know that I don't get those annoying butterflies in my stomach when I look at Fred."Only a week," I grinned triumphantly. They both found it amazing how we all weren't expelled by now with all the stuff we pulled, but they thought it even more incredible that I hardly ever got in as much trouble as I should."How do you do it, Andi?" Fred questioned, not seeming all-too surprised that I once again got off way easier than I should have."It's pretty simple, actually. No one can resist my charm and good-looks," I joked, raising my eyebrow, daring him to disagree."Can't argue with that," George nodded. Although I knew it was just a joke, a stubborn blush crept onto my face."Andi, Fred, George," greeted a cheery female voice from behind us. I turned around with a large smile on my face. Renae Silver was one of my very few female friends, aside from the other members of the Quidditch team. We met our second year when she transferred from an academy in America. Some fourth year was making fun of her because of her accent and I hexed her. Ever since then we've formed a bond, whenever I wasn't with the twins-which was a rare occasion-I was with Renae. She was the only person I actually admitted liking George, too, though I suppose Hermione worked it out on her own."Hey," I smiled as she sat down next to Fred. I tried to hook them up last year, but it didn't work out very well. She told me she liked someone else, though I was never able to guess whom. Whenever I brought it up, she ignored the subject like the plague."Look Drells, there's your lover," George snorted as his younger brother entered the Great Hall with Harry and Hermione. Even though both tormented Ron about his obvious crush on me, George always seemed to taunt him more."Shut up," I sighed, wishing that he'd just let it go. "Hey Ron!" I grinned, waving him over. I should have felt ashamed of myself for leading Ron on like I did, but it honestly felt nice to know that someone actually liked me. Also, it was pretty cute how his skin flushed as he shyly waved back at me."You're cruel, Andi," Renae mumbled, in my ear before I got up and hugged Ron. I hugged Hermione and Harry too, so he wouldn't think too much of it. I noticed that George's mouth formed into a hard line as I embraced his brother but thought nothing of it, he was probably annoyed that I kept on playing games with Ron-though I have to admit, Ron seems to thoroughly enjoy it all."I know I am, but you love me anyway," I shot back after the three left to sit with their fellow fourth years."Why won't you tell me who it is, Renae! I told you who I liked," I whined, plopping down on my bed. I was exhausted from my double detentions, first I had to scrub the bottoms of filthy cauldrons for Snape and the Trophy cabinet for Filtch, both without magic might I add."Because, it isn't fair. I knew you liked George before you told me, it 's obvious to everyone who knows you well enough. Well, besides him and Fred, of course," Renae added as an after thought, emerging from the bathroom, teeth clean and hair wet."Still, we're supposed to be best friends. I mean, it's in the job descriptions, telling each other things like this," I argued, braiding my damp hair so that it would curl correctly in the morning."Hmm, I'm under the impression you and George are best friends and I don't see you running off and telling him about how you've been crushing on him since for years,""That's different. That could ruin our friendship, especially since he doesn't like me like me. He doesn't see me as anything other than his best friend," I sighed. It was true, and I had generally accepted that George would never like me the way I liked him, but it wasn't very fun to say out loud."For someone as smart as you, Andrella, you can be so thick sometimes," Renae exclaimed before turning off her light, a very clear sign that this conversation was over for the moment. Grudgingly, I turned off my light as well and tried to get some sleep. That night I dreamed of laying flat on my back in an apple orchard, the warm summer breeze blowing around me, making the grass sway around my legs. A wonderful feeling of contentment settled inside every molecule of my being, almost as warm and effortless as the hand that gripped mine. Lying down next to me, so close his side was pressed to mine, was a boy with fire for hair
