Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Harry Potter characters in it, they belong to J.K. Rowling, Scholastic Books or Bloomsbury Publishing or Warner Bros or whoever owns the rights at this time, but I do not nor do I claim any rights.Summary: Harry is on the verge of ending the war against Voldemort, but he lost so much to achieve the end. Then something strange happened as Harry found himself not standing over a defeated Voldemort, but instead his 17 year old mind was back in his 11 year old boy. He doesn't know how or why but finds that there might be a lot more to it than a simple case of time traveling.A/N: I have rated it M because there will be violence, adult themes, and strong language. This story will be AU and I probably will screw things up like I naturally do, so you are forewarned that it will no doubt happen. I will not get into ships for the story, but I will just ask you sit back and enjoy the hell that I intend to inflect on Harry. Also though I do like the Weasleys to a certain extent I will not guarantee that there won't be some bashing on them at some point. Those that like Snape, well I promise that there will be bashing on him, so if you don't like that well maybe this isn't a good story for you. I can't say how other things will turn out, but it should be interesting to see how each character evolves throughout this story. Again I would like to point out this will not be completely canon, because there are things in canon I do not agree with. The main one being Tonks with Remus, no offense to Lupin, but that's just wrong.WARNING: Though I have changed aspects of this story because either a.) I didn't like the canon way or b.) I just didn't want to make sure it was all canon based (come on ppl I can be lazy too at times) either way there are still some facts that are in here that could spoil Deathly Hallows for anyone who hasn't read it yet, by the way if you haven't read DH by now shame on you.A/A/N: I wasn't planning on writing another story while I worked on The Magi Order, but then this one happened. I tried to put off writing this one, but it kept plaguing my mind and I couldn't work on my other story. So I gave in and sat down to write this story and I must say that the flow of it came out like none have for a long while. I wrote the first five chapters within about six hours of starting to write, which I did nonstop. The next day the story still bugged me, and as a result I wrote another ten chapters before I could finally get back to The Magi Order. Hope you enjoy, it might be a tad slow to start but I hope within a few chapters things will get you excited as I was to write it.Chapter One: Battle of HogwartsHarry and his friends had survived their quest to destroy all of Voldemort's horcruxes expect for one. They still needed to kill Nagini, that was his last horcrux and the only one they were certain not to kill until the final battle."We need to kill that snake" Hermione said as she paced in front of what was left of Order of the Phoenix."I know" Harry said as he looked around "no doubt Voldemort has her right by him though.""We will figure it out" Tonks said from her seat, she was one of the Order members that were still alive.The order wasn't quite the same after their beloved friend and leader, Albus Dumbledore, was killed by someone he deemed a friend. Severus Snape had been a pain to Harry since the first day they met and he was on top of his list of Death Eaters to be killed on sight.Minerva McGonagall had not only taken over as Headmistress of Hogwarts, but she also took over the role of leader of light. Of course she didn't want to be the leader as she believed that was Harry's place. She thought that he should lead the Order as they prepared for the coming battle, but he declined.So much had happened in the Wizarding world and it had changed so much over the years that Harry had been in it. he made some friends and lost a lot of them as well, but he knew he was needed. He was prepared to die for what he believed in, but he didn't like the idea of his friends dying with him.McGonagall sat at the head of the table as she looked at those that were still there. "We know the battle is coming and the final fight will be soon as well. The Dark Lord has taken control of the Ministry and I doubt we would much help elsewhere, so we are on our own.""We do still have some good Aurors ready to help us" Kingsley said as he looked at McGonagall."I suppose we do" she said as she looked at him and smiled slightly "I just hope it will be enough in the coming battle.""Don't worry" Remus Lupin said as he stood up "things look bad now, but we shall prevail we have to for the sake of our world and the muggle world."Ron Weasley came bolting into the Great Hall were the others were gathering "its begun Death Eaters have attack the village.""Every to your positions" Harry said as he stood up "Voldemort is mine, so no one attempt to take him on."Everyone knew what they were to do as the battle plan had been decided earlier in the week. They knew this battle was coming and were prepared as best as they could have been in that situation.Harry didn't like letting others fight the battle for him, but he knew his priority was Voldemort. Sure he would gladly take out any Death Eater that got in his way if he had to, but there only a few that he clearly wanted to kill.Neville was about to head out with his group to take their position when Harry pulled him aside for a brief chat."Neville you heard us talking about Voldemort's snake right" Harry asked ignoring the fact that the statement sounded badly when said aloud."Yeah" Neville said as he looked at Harry "what does that have to do with me?""Hermione and Ron are already going to looking out for it, but I want you to as well" Harry said and then paused briefly "just in case they are busy and can't do it.""You want me to kill the snake?""Yes if you get a chance to then take it, no matter what happens this day that snake must die at all costs" Harry said before he started out of the hall."Kill the snake" Neville said as he followed behind Harry "got ya I will kill the snake if given the chance."Death Eaters attacked by the dozens and it was painfully clear that the light was massively out numbered, added to the fact that Voldemort had dementors which posed a problem in itself.Different colors filled the sky as each side sent curses at one another. The light side mainly using disarming spells and stunners while the dark side was using pain curses and those that would kill. Large chunks of the ground had been ripped up from where it once sat because of spells that were deflected at it.Harry raced out of the school desperate to find Voldemort and put an end to him once and for all. As he got out though he saw Fred Weasley heading toward a group of death Eaters, but then there was an explosion. The explosion killed Fred Weasley and though Harry felt a pang of guilt he knew that he had to push on, so all those that died didn't die in vain.Remus Lupin was fighting against Antonin Dolohov and the duel was intense to say the least. Remus seemed unstoppable as he got hit by a cutting curse only to have the wound heal. As a werewolf Remus was able to heal rather quickly and not much could really kill him expect for silver. Though he wasn't sure if the killing curse would kill him or not so when that was sent at him he dodged as if his life depended on it."Getting tired mutt" Dolohov said as he fired another killing curse at the werewolf."I will get you" Lupin said as he dodge once more and fired a banishing hex at the Death Eater."I tire of this game" Dolohov said as he looked at Remus "Acidica Mentala!" A stream of acid left the Death Eaters wand and headed right for Remus at a surprising speed.Remus knew that wounds caused by acid wouldn't heal well, and he could possibly die if hit in the chest with it. He went to dodge the spell but didn't clear it entirely as he had planned. The acid hit his leg and effectively burned its way through his leg amputating it on the spot. Blood was gushing from where the section of leg had been as he fell to the ground in agony.Dolohov walked over to Remus as he lay on the ground in incredible pain. "I should left you suffer, but I am in a hurry Silverous Spearis!"A pure silver spear like object flew out of Dolohov's wand and impacted with Remus' chest. The silver spear had impaled his heart thus killing him sooner than he would have from just merely bleeding out.Harry didn't see Remus go down but he didn't need to as he knew a lot of people would die. He had hoped Remus would have survived since he was a werewolf, but to be honest he figured he would die fighting the good fight. As he was crossing the grounds he heard a squeaky voice that could only belong to one rat faced traitor."Potter" Wormtail said as he aimed his wand at Harry "surrender and no one else will have to die today.""Don't think so rat face" Harry said with a sneer that would have impressed even Snape. Harry fired a few curses at the rat bastard, but none hit as Wormtail managed to change into a rat and dodge them. Harry was prepared for that and was determined not to allow him to escape like before. He fired a reductor curse at Wormtail, but he aimed a bit in front of him so it hit the ground stunning the rat momentarily, with the rat stunned briefly Harry sent a stunner at it making sure it was well stunned. He then walked over to the rat "you got my parents killed you rat bastard" he then stomped down as hard as he could killing the rat by smashing its head. Brain matter escaped from the broken skull as well as blood letting Harry know that Wormtail was no more.Nott and some newly recruited Death Eaters were making their way along the forest line in the hope that they could sneak into the castle unnoticed. It would have seemed possible since there was mass fighting and confusion all around them, however they didn't plan on the DA being ready for an onslaught.Luna Lovegood had a group of DA members with her as they watched the battles unfold. They were making their way from the school to aid in the battle when they came upon Nott and his cronies."Duck into the wood line" Luna said softly to those with her and they did as they were told. During the normal course of school people laughed and made fun of her, but when she took command of a portion of the newly reformed DA no one laughed and all listened to her.As Nott and his goons made their way up along the wood line, Luna and her group waited patiently until the exact moment then all of them said in unison "Stupefy!" Nott and his men had no idea what happened as all of them were taken by surprise and stunned. Luna and her team quickly pulled the stunned Death Eaters into the wood line and bond them up properly and also broke their wands they had. They left them there knowing that in the end Aurors would take them into custody and if the light lost well then it didn't matter what happened to them in the end.Harry made his way toward another DA group which Ron Weasley seemed to be leading, he found that Hermione was also there as he continued to stalk forward to where no doubt Voldemort was.Harry had a wave of mixed emotions as Hermione stood in front of him, she had rushed over to him leaving her position with Ron's group. One impulse was to grab her kiss her, another was to make her leave before she got killed, and a lot more.Ron for his part looked jealous as Hermione left his side to head to Harry, and that would prove to be his downfall. As he was pissy about Hermione and Harry he was distracted by the fact that a group of Death Eaters were baring down on to them."Harry" Hermione said out of breath "why are you in the open?""I am going for Voldemort" Harry said firmly which Hermione knew he would at some point but she thought he would hold off a bit.As Hermione went to hug Harry and wish him luck Ron's group was assaulted. Ron in a fit of jealousy didn't know what hit him when the streak of green light nailed him in the back.Harry saw Ron fall and knew why he didn't make it, he knew the git was jealous and he knew in the end that was going to get him killed and it did. Harry hugged Hermione as she fell to her knees over the lose."Harry no" Hermione said as Harry went to charge forward to kill the Death Eater that killed their mate."Don't worry Herms" Harry said as he paused."Don't leave me I don't wanna lose you too" Hermione cried out as she saw Harry continue on."I swear Herms I will not fail you" Harry said as he went forward sending hexes at the Death Eaters and watching them drop as the rest of Ron's group also attack them.The problem with swearing to not fail someone was that there was so many was one could fail a person. In the end Harry did fail Hermione because as he had rushed off to help with the Death Eaters that were pinning down Ron's group he didn't notice another shifty Death Eater moving toward Hermione."This will be fun" Bellatrix said in her insane tone "Crucio!"Hermione had watched Harry and didn't have time to react as she was struck with the curse. She screamed out in agony, which was barely audible over the rest of the noises of battle. Bellatrix held the curse on Hermione for a long while before she spoke "I wont kill you mudblood, but you'll wish for death."By the time Bellatrix released Hermione the damage was done she had went insane just as the Longbottoms had many years before. Harry turned when he heard the excited glee of Bellatrix and rushed toward her.It did no good though as Bellatrix went after another victim before Harry could hit her with any curses. He stopped and dropped down to Hermione "I am sorry" he cried "herms I never told you how much I loved you, you are my best friend." He held on to Hermione for a minute, but he knew he couldn't help her now. He kissed her forehead and laid her peacefully on the ground.In the sky Ginny Weasley and her group, comprised of member from the three house Quidditch teams as Slytherins had all left from the school, were flying in formation above the battle. They flew over top of a large group of Death Eaters pelting down balloon like containing which contained a highly flammable blend of liquids, which the Weasley twins had came up with.The Death Eaters started to send up curses that the group so they were forced to dodge, but then one of the members of the group managed to cast Incendio. The ball of fire hit the ground and one of the Death Eaters laughed that the kid missed, but the fact that the ground and the Death Eaters were covered in a flammable liquid never entered the Death Eater's mind until the whole area ignited on fire. The screams were loud as the Death Eaters that were covered in the liquid were engulfed by the flames.Harry wanted nothing more to find and kill Voldemort, but that wouldn't happen at the time. Instead Voldemort's hissing snake like voice boomed all around so those in Hogsmeade and Hogwarts could hear what he had to say. "Harry Potter it is you I want not those around you. If you willingly surrender to me then all the rest shall go unharmed as I hate to spill pure Wizarding blood. You will have one hour to comply Harry Potter, and if you do not surrender then you will have sentence every last man, woman, and child that protected you to death. All my troops will return to me now, and your hour begins now!"The fighting all seemed to halt when Voldemort spoke and when he finished all the conscious Death Eaters vanished from the battle as they were summoned back to their master once more. The dementors however didn't listen to Voldemort as they continued toward their next meals. However a group of Patronuses charged at them among them were a hare, a fox, a boar, and a variety of other animals. The dementors ran away in fear and didn't return to the battle one hour later.Luna showed some of the remaining Aurors were the Death Eaters were that her group found. They took them with them to a secure location so that they wouldn't be able to reenter the battle at any point. The light side also collected their dead, while the dead Death Eaters remained littering the grounds.Harry was beside himself when he emerged in the Great Hall a short time later. He was furious that he didn't get Voldemort and even more so that good people died because of him. He was determined that there would be no other people killed because of him, he would not allow it to happen.Tonks came over and grabbed Harry into a hug "I'm so sorry you have to experience all this.""No I am the one that's sorry" Harry mumbled as he hugged her back "no one should have died because of me.""Harry it's not your fault" Tonks said as she pulled away to look him in the eyes "you are a great man Harry and I will not stand for you blaming yourself."All around people were gathered in groups discussing what to do how to regroup and prepare for the next wave of attacks as none of those on the light side wanted Harry to go willingly to his death.However this wasn't their choice and Harry left Tonks and made his way up on to a platform. "Today a good many of your friends have given their lives in a battle that shouldn't even be happening" Harry said with pain evident in his tone. "I will not willingly stand by and allow more of you to sacrifice yourselves for me. I will go to Voldemort for I am the one that must kill him or be killed by him either way this will end today!"There was an outcry from the fighters in the hall, though they were worn down from the battle they had fought they were still in it to the end. They didn't want Harry to go to Voldemort and they protested it aloud to him.Harry dismissed their protests and prepared himself to leave to go outward to find Voldemort. There was a pain in his head which alerted him to the fact that Voldemort was trying to connect to it. then in a flash Harry saw where he was to meet Voldemort as he stood waiting for the boy in the shrieking shack.Tonks went to stop him as he was about to leave "I wont allow you to leave alone" she said as she stood defiantly in front of him."Tonks move" Harry said calmly but she didn't move an inch "I don't have time for this Tonks now move please.""No" Tonks said firmly still blocking the way though she knew if Harry wanted to get by her he could with ease."Tonks you are a nice, funny, and beautiful lady" Harry said and caught a momentary flash of a blush before Tonks could conceal it with her gift "but I will move you if I have to so I will ask one last time please move out of my way.""You think I'm beautiful" Tonks asked in disbelief as she stood her ground and also she thought she might delay him or even make him see reason."Yes" Harry said as he looked into her now purple eyes "any man that didn't see you for you, your true beauty would be a fool."Tonks grabbed on to Harry as tears escaped her eyes, she had boyfriends before but all turned out to only want her for her ability, not form her. Here stood one of the most noble men she knew and he was six years younger than her. At his young at he was still more mature than every man she dated throughout her life.Harry hugged her back not seeing what the big deal was, sure Tonks was good looking, so why wouldn't he tell her. He also knew how it felt to be wanted for a reason other than true love, so he could understand how Tonks felt."Promise me you'll come back" Tonks said close to his ear which sent chills of pleasure down his spine."I can't" Harry said as he pulled away "I can't make a promise I am unsure I can keep. I will swear to you to try and come back while also protecting you and the rest in the school."Tonks didn't like his answer, but she knew she wouldn't get a better one out of him. There was no chance that he would stay behind; she doubted that even the offer of wild unruly sex wouldn't make him stay. Though any other man would no doubt take the offer, Harry wasn't like that and she knew it. She knew that he had made up his mind and was determined to complete what he was destined to do.Harry kissed Tonks forehead as he pulled further away from her "you stay here and be protected, keep an eye on those that need your help, and when I come back we will talk again."Tonks had a bad feeling about it as she felt a wave of magic course over her and then she watched as Harry calmly walked out of the Great Hall "You better come back" Tonks said in a low tone that no one else could hear as she watched him leave."He did what" Molly Weasley exclaimed once she heard that Harry left the school "you just left him leave?""What could I do" Tonks asked a bit ashamed that she couldn't stop him "he is probably as powerful as Dumbledore was and you expected me to prevent him from leaving here?""I suppose not" Molly said though she was still irritated "we need to go after him.""How we don't even know where he went" Tonks said as she realized that very fact.While the witches were having their heated discussion the wizard involved Harry Potter had made his way toward the shrieking shack. He was determined to stop this war no matter what happened. He didn't care all that much about himself as he had nothing left, Hermione was dead, Ron while being a jealous git was still his friend but he took was dead, and Lupin had died as well. He didn't care much if he lived or died this day because either way it would end for him.As he was making his way down the tunnel he could hear the faint sound of Nagini and knew that she would still need to die before Harry could kill Voldemort. He didn't even know if he could kill him since he still had no idea where the final horcrux was, as he knew Nagini wasn't the last if his hunch was correct.As he drew near he saw Voldemort send Nagini after someone, which turned out to be Severus Snape the man Harry wanted to kill with a passion. "Get him my pet" Voldemort hissed as Nagini chased after Snape who started to run down the tunnel.Snape came to where Harry was "Potter you arrogant brat why didn't you stay away.""Snape you should know by now" Harry said with a sneer "I never do what I am told.""Arrogant son of a" Snape said and then he remembered there was a giant snake chasing him. He turned with his wand out to try and collapse the tunnel on the snake, but he didn't get a chance. The snake managed to bite him and left him for dead as she returned to her master, most likely to inform him that Potter was there."Potter" Snape said as he barely clung on to life "you never learned the truth.""I know the truth you heartless bastard, you killed Dumbledore and now your master betrayed you" Harry said as he kicked Snape in the ribs and upon hearing ribs break he was satisfied. He knew he should care about Snape because he was a human, but he couldn't feel sorry for the greasy git. As Harry walked away Snape died from the snake bite, and wasn't able to tell Harry what he needed to.In the shack Voldemort waited with Nagini at his side "Potter so good of you to join me.""Like I had a choice" Harry said as he focused his wand on Voldemort "you will die this day.""Sorry to disappoint you" Voldemort said with a hiss that sounded like an evil laugh "but you are the one to die. I will give you one thing though Potter you are either the bravest kid I have every known or the stupidest to come here alone.""You wanted me alone and I came" Harry said as he stared at the monsters before him "I surrender and you leave the rest of them alone.""That was the deal yes" Voldemort said with a hiss "I will honor that deal unless attack in which case I will defend myself."Harry didn't like it, but if it meant those in the castle would live than he was prepared to sacrifice his life for the greater good. 'Did I honestly think that' Harry thought 'I sound like Dumbledore thinking like that.""Fine" Harry said as he looked at the monster before him "if it will save those in the castle then I surrender to you.""Very good" Voldemort hissed "toss your wand over here and don't try anything or Nagini will gladly have you for dinner."Harry did as instructed and handed his wand over to Voldemort, he knew he should put up a fight, but what was the point? 'Nagini is still alive and there is possibly one more horcrux' Harry thought sadly 'even if I could match his power he would still win in the end, at least this way I might save lives.'"I must say I am a bit shocked" Voldemort hissed "even though you are a pain in the ass, I had expected more out of you than this Avada Kedavra!"Harry heard the words and then watched the green light jet out of the wand right for him. His first instinct was to dodge it and try to kill Voldemort, but he stood stalk still. The light hit him and in that very instance Harry Potter, The-Boy-Who-Lived, lived no more, his lifeless body fell to the floor as soon as the curse had done its job.
