So this is the second DracoXHermione I have posted the last few days. I think this one will just be a short story! I can't wait to write more of it but you have to review first! Thanks for choosing my story!!Chapter 1: That empty feelingSeventh year arrived with all the drama of the year before. Hermione stood at the platform, looking up at Hogwarts. Something inside her just didn't feel right this year. She felt the same love for her friends and the same hatred for the Slytherins but something was different. They had seen death just months ago and since them she had felt empty inside."Hermione come one. You're going to miss the carriage." Harry called to her, snapping her from her daze."I'm coming." She smiled at her oldest friend as she climbed in the carriage. "What did you do this summer Luna?" she asked the girl across from her. She really didn't care to much what she actually did but it was polite to ask."My father and I took a trip around the world, visiting all the weirdest places we could find" She spoke in her odd calm voice "We found some of the most exciting places" she rambled on and on but soon after Hermione zoned out on the conversation, nodding and smiling in the right places. When the carriages pulled up to the school, Hermione smiled like nothing was on her mind and tried to enjoy being back at school.The first week school went by with few issues. Hermione only had three classes with Harry and Ron, leaving her feeling alone all the time. Malfoy was picking on her more, seeing as they had nearly every one of their classes together. Hermione had been reinstated as head girl, leaving her with little time for thinking.One late night in the library, Hermione was alone again. Madam Prince had gone to bed and all the students had cleared out. She sighed heavily and closed the book in her hands."Why does it have to feel like this?" slowly she lowered her hand from the table to lie gently on her stomach, above her womb. "Why do I want one so badly" she stood quickly and shook her head roughly. "I have a future ahead of me. I don't have the time for a baby" She said out loud gripping her hair. Saying it didn't make her burning need any better. Her body screamed for a child within it, for a spark of life for all the death she had to deal with the year before.Like anything Hermione didn't know about, she looked for a book about it. Turns out that Hogwarts had a complete section for mothers, fathers, and how to raise a child. She took the book for mothers and read it like she would any other book and like any other research, she took notes about what she read. Every chapter she read made her only want a child that much more. A bell rang throughout the library, signaling it was closed now. Quickly Hermione put a charm on her notes so only she could see them and replaced the book to its shelf. No one had to know about this, it would be her secret."Hermione" Ron ran up behind her in the hall. "I haven't seen you around a lot. What has been going on?""I've been crazy busy with head girl duties and school work" She smiled at him sweetly. After the war ended Hermione and Ron decided that they were going to remain friends, instead of being a couple."It's Friday; why don't you join the land of the living tonight. We are going to make s'mores over the common room fire tonight." They walked together down the hall to stand in front of Hermione's next class."I think that would be wonderful. I'll be there for sure" they smiled at each other again and parted.Even being in a crowded room didn't dissipate the hole in her life but it helped. Everyone was smiling and happy. They talked happily and Hermione joined it when she felt that it was right. Harry watched her with knowing eyes even without knowing her problems. The night came to an end quickly and Hermione found she smiling and happy by the end. Harry walked her to her room."What's up with you?" He asked already knowing her heart was heavy."Its nothing" she tired to enter her room but Harry turned her around."It's making you unhappy and after all that we have been through you can talk to me." Harry held her shoulders and look deep in her eyes telling her when he said was true."I'm empty Harry. After all the death I have seen and all the sadness, I really want just one spark of happiness." She looked back at him trying to display every emotion she was feeling at the moment."You have me, and Ginny and even Ron on a good day.""My friends are one thing. What I want is a part of me, someone who will never leave me.""You're talking about having a baby?" Harry was shocked at what he was hearing from his best friend. "Howwhen did this start?" Hermione opened the door to her single room and her and Harry sat on the bed."I watched our friends, our family die. That is something I will never come back from fully. I simply want to see a life created and nourish that life into happiness. I want to feel my child move and grow within my womb and see it at the moment of life." Hermione stopped and looked at Harry again."I think I understand how you feel. Whatever you choose to doI will stand and fight for you" Harry smiled and hugged her tightly. "Who were you thinking about for this? Or are you planning on falling in love first?""I don't want to wait for that." She shook her head at the thought."What about Ron?""No, when we decided to remain friends, we walked away from any relationship like that. I want someone who will do this for me and then leave.""You don't want the father to be there? What about when the kid is older?" He asked all the right questions but being Hermione she had all the right answers."When my child is older, I will date and I will find the perfect man and the perfect father." She was confident about this plan."Well it won't happen tonight, so I bid you ado and good night" He kissed her forehead and left the room. Hermione sighed and decided that it was time for bed.The next morning rose bright and unwanted by the bushy haired woman. It was just another day she had to fight the empty feeling that crept under her skin and nibbled at her heart. Her homework was completely done, leaving her nothing to do but wader around the school and try to avoid people. The weather was cold but still had bouts of warmness. Hermione choose the lake to hide at today. No one was out in the fall weather, she was able to clear her mind and think about who she wanted to father her child. There were the usual choices, the boys in her house, but each of them could not just walk away and leave her, knowing she was pregnant. She would need someone from Ravenclaw or Slytherin, who would shag her and never talk to her again. She turned her head and watched the students walk past her, thinking about each one a possibility for a moment. When the bell for dinner Hermione noticed how hungry she really was."I have to take better care of myself" She said to herself as she walked."That must be hard for a mudblood like you." A voice sneered from behind her. Malfoy stood without his two goons, arms crossed and looking as cocky as ever."I'm not in the mood Malfoy." She shot back walking off. She was not in the mood to deal with his shit on a beautiful Saturday."Oh not something I hear very often" He joked following her but at a distance."Isn't there anything better you have to do then bug the hell out of me? Don't you hate me or something of the sort?" she walked faster towards the front doors."Yeah I do but making your life hell is also my job." She could almost hear the smirk on his lips."Shove off Malfoy." She sent him one last dirty look before running into the castle. On the other side of the door an idea hit Hermione like a ton of bricks.Malfoy would be the father of her child."Hermione" Ron stood looking at her with an obvious question. "What are you smiling about?"Hermione smiled bigger and skipped towards him. "Everything is falling into place. I don't know why I didn't see it sooner" she kissed his cheek "Have you seen Harry?""He is at dinner" Ron was confused but he just went with it."Thank you!" she ran off quickly to find her other best friend. Harry was talking with Ginny when Hermione pulled him by the arm out of the great hall."Draco Malfoy is going to be the father of my child" she whispered to Harry. He stopped and stared blankly at her."You're joking?""No. I want someone who will not care if I have his child." Harry turned and looked as Draco walked into the hall. He turned and met two sets of eyes looking at him. The three stared for a moment before Malfoy scowled and walked into dinner."I think you are crazy for doing this""I know but he has a good family line and he shags everything that walks.""I guess you're right but I don't know how you are going to talk him into this." Harry shook her shoulder and went back to his dinner.It was another two days before Hermione could find a way to corner Draco again. With the use of Harry's clock and map she was able to watch how he moved throughout the day. The only time he was really alone was when he took a walk just before dinner. That was where she would get him.She tucked the map away when Draco entered she site."Malfoy" she stopped in front of him."What do you want Granger. You're ruining my evening.""I wanted to ask you a question""And this could not be done at dinner with people around" He crossed his arms and gave her a blank stare."No, this is not the kind of question that can be asked around people." Hermione looked down at her hands"Well get on with it, I would like to finish my walk""You don't have to agree with this but what I am askingplease don't tell anyone about it" she started slowly."I'm tired of this. I'm leaving" he walked around Hermione but just as he was about to leave she raised her voice and asked that one question."I want you to be the father of my child."That is where I am going to leave this chapter. I wanted it to be longer but I like this cliff hanger right now. This was just something I thought about when I was listing to a long list of songs. I have the end of this story thought up already so I don't know how much longer I am going to make this story. Thanks for reading. Please review and tell me what you think!!!!
