Author's Note: This chapter was edited 8/11/14.Get Off My BackPrologueHarry had lived in his animagus form for almost three years now, and he had to admit, it was the best three years of his life.At first, living as a horse had been Harry's only way to avoid the massive manhunt that had ensued after Voldemort took over the ministry. Hermione, as a hare, Ron, as a dog, and Harry, as a horse, fled Britain with the intention of going back one day, but Ron was the only one who returned. Hermione became deathly ill one day and died the next, leaving both Ron and Harry devastated.Ron was more determined than ever to return, but Harry had become disillusioned to the Order's cause. Hermione hadn't been killed by death eater, but by a disease. Why go looking for someone to blame?Ron left. Harry never saw him again.Harry didn't blame him. Ron had a family after all, but Harry had nothing to go back to, soHe went forward. He traveled the continent on four legs. He went to all those places he had only heard about but had never seen. He traveled through France, Spain and Italy, and then to Greece. He went over titanic mountains and swam across rivers so vast he couldn't see the other bank. He saw both extraordinary magic and ordinary miracles that he had never appreciated before. He went to Asia and Russia, and he even visited Egypt in honor of Bill.Harry never acknowledged just how unhappy he was being the savior of the wizarding world until he was free to do as he pleased. And Harry realized something amazing during his travels. The world wasn't ending. Voldemort taking over the Ministry hadn't caused the world to spin off its axis and it didn't cause plagues, famine, natural disasters, or wide-spread terror. Everything continued as it always had.The sun rose and it set.The seasons came and they went.The world birthed new life and took old life in exchange.In the grand scheme of things nothing had changed at all! Despite everything he had been taught to believe, the world simply didn't give a damn about some Dark Lord in England, and it simply kept moving along.And Harry moved right along with it.It got to the point where Harry hardly ever thought back to his old life. The people he once knew were but hazy memories. It was easy to forget after so much peace, that happiness was fleeting and freedom could be taken away in an instant. So when Harry bedded down in a meadow, with a blessing of unicorns he had been traveling with for a few days, he had no idea how it would all change.An Excerpt taken from the Compendium of Magick SteedsThe UnicornThe Unicorn is a wild magical creature that resembles a deer more so than a horse, despite how it is categorized. Except for bachelor stallions, unicorns live in herd structures called blessings, as it is considered a good omen to see so many unicorns at once.Although muggles have tried for centuries, it is simply impossible to capture a unicorn without the aid of magic. Without certain magical interference this species has a unique way of avoiding obstacles and escaping traps. This skill makes the unicorn the perfect steed when riding in the field. It can navigate through even the densest of forests and can weave its way through a crowded street without so much as brushing past another object.This horse is very leery of males and will try to eject any man from its back. However they are excellent mounts for women and prepubescent children. In times past, before a wizarding wedding could take place the bride-to-be would have to prove her virginity by calling unicorn to her from the forest. If the bride's family was particularly wealthy and the bride impure, she would hide gold pieces in her clothing and attract a unicorn that way, as unicorns love the smell of gold.Beware of Hurrocks, any keepers of unicorn, for the winged horse is the natural enemy of Unicorns and will swoop down from the sky to attack any that enter its' sights.Famous Unicorns: Noble Sir (Lady Madrid Potter's stallion), Mother Penelope (A mare who gave birth to ten foals, was considered a miracle), Shining Bright (the unicorn who carried a lost boy-child back to his home in the Ballad of Bright.)
