Arashi: I adopt this story from Elle H. Michaelson who start the first eighteen chapters along with all most all the ocs in this story. I hope to keep those in character in this fic much as possible. So all the credit will go to her. Any new character feature is most likely my own.Disclaimer- It's the same as always, I don't own Harry Potter, Books, Movies or its characters since they belong to J.K Rowling and Warner's Bros. I just write for fun which means I don't make a profit of this fic.Warnings- Slash, VampireHarry, hints of Mpreg, Other warnings put up later on in ficSummary: Harry Potter has a twin, Nicholas. What happens when he is proclaimed the Chosen One, and Harry is sent away, kidnapped by Vampyres. This will be slash people, sorry for not saying it earlier. Adopted from Elle H. MichaelsonDumbledore's Greatest MistakeChapter 1: BeginningThis is a tale of hope and defeat. A tale filled with betrayal and loyalty. Of manipulative men and truthful friends. But above all else, it is a story of love. But all of that will come later. For now, let us meet with the one we will follow through life.Young Harry Potter lay awake in his crib with a stuffed tiger in one hand, a blanket in the other. His twin brother, Nicholas, stood screaming for attention, his pale blue eyes begging his mother to hold him. Lily Potter rushed to his side and lifted the one year old into her arms. A prophecy had been made and it was believed that one of her boys would defeat the current dark lord, Voldemort.As soon as the child was wrapped in his mother's embrace, his crying ceased. The Potters believed that it was Nicholas, not Harry who was meant to fulfill the prophecy. If they had only paid attention they'd have seen that the signs all pointed at the other twin. His bright, Avada Kedavra green eyes shone with knowledge that no child his age should possess. It was those eyes that sparked to life when Voldemort attacked.Voldemort had heard only part of the prophecy, and was now planning on killing two of the three possible children. The door of Godric's Hollow was blown in with an unknown spell. Upon entering the home, Voldemort's wand was pointed directly at James. Instead of killing the man, Voldemort simply stunned him. He was only here for the boys, not their parents.Harry tensed in his crib, releasing his things. Lily had heard the commotion and was trying to find a suitable hiding place for Nicholas. After all, she reasoned, Nicholas was more important than Harry. Surely he was the boy-who-lived with the amount of uncontrolled magic he'd displayed. Once he was safe, she'd hide Harry. The good of the world came first. But just as Lily was turning back to hide him, Voldemort entered the room. Immediately, red eyes met green and widened slightly. This was the child. If anybody had asked him how he knew this was the boy, he would have been unable to answer. He just knew.And so knowing, he raised his wand and aimed it straight for young Harry. Lily sat off to the side crying. She turned her back as the killing curse was cast, so did not see the spell strike Harry and bounce back to the caster. The backlash from the spell caused the room to crumble. A long beam fell from the ceiling and struck Lily causing her to collapse unconscious. Her left hand fell on top of young Nicholas, her ring leaving a small star-shaped cut over his heart.James rushed upstairs when he heard a loud crash, and the first thing he saw was Harry, asleep in his crib. Blood was spilling down his face from a large lightning bolt-shaped scar on his forehead. Next he saw his wife and their son Nicholas. Using magic, he lifted them both out of the rubble. He then scooped Harry into his arms and brought them downstairs to be examined by the waiting medi-wizards.Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, was also waiting downstairs for the family."James," he exclaimed, "we were correct. It appears that Nicholas is the chosen one. This star over his heart shows that Lily's love gave him the power to defeat Voldemort." Dumbledore smiled fondly at the young boy, "we'll just have to make sure that you are kept safe and well prepared to follow your destiny.""Sir, what about Harry?" Lily asked when she was enervated by the medi-witch, "What shall we do with him?""Well my dear, I would of course love for him to remain in your care. Unfortunately however, that will not be possible. We can't risk him becoming jealous of Nicholas. Nicholas is our only hope, he will need to go through intensive training. It would not be fair to Harry to have him in that environment. It would be best if we could send him away until Hogwarts. I'm sure he will understand when he's older.""Albus, are you seriously telling us to abandon our son? My heir!""James, you should know better. I'm simply thinking of what would be best for Harry.""Albus is right James. If he were with us, he'd feel left out and may grow to resent us. This way he can be with someone who can give him that attention. Albus is right, he'll understand."James bowed his head in defeat, "Fine. But who will he live with? It can't be one of us, or he'd still be in that position. So who can we trust to give him a good home and not raise him to hate us?""Leave that to me, my boy. I will make sure that a suitable home is found. Now, why don't you three go ahead to my manor. I'm sure it is large enough for him to grow up in, and eventually train in. The Order will have plenty of room to stay and help him train and prepare."With that last bit of insurance, the Potters traveled by portkey to Dumbledore Manor. Dumbledore looked over to the now awake toddler who seemed to be glaring at the Headmaster. Harry understood far more than he should. At that moment, he knew that it was this old man who had just sent his mommy and daddy away with his younger brother. Most children would cry, but he didn't have the energy. He'd just stopped one of the strongest Dark Lords in history, and he was tired. So it was with this knowledge that the boy fell asleep.Arashi: There is the first chapter. Please Read and Review.
