Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, which belongs to JK Rowling, Dangerverse, which belongs to whydoyouneedtoknow or any of the Gilmore Girls or The Secret Garden.This fic begins at Chapter 42 of Dealing with DangerA/N: I promise it gets less fluffy around chapter 5.Chapter 1: Tonight's The NightSelena Moon and her younger sister Artemis were getting ready for the Yule Ball. Lena stood in front of the mirror trying to decide what to do with her hair, while Arti was trying  and failing  to get her stockings on. A rather forceful tug caused Arti to fall off the bed with a loud thump."Arti? You all right?" Lena asked, turning away from the mirror to cast a concerned glance at Artemis who was sprawled on the floor."I'm perfectly fine, Selena," Arti replied sarcastically. "I like lying on the floor in my dress robes."Lena giggled as Arti got up and dusted herself off."Merlin, sometimes I hate being a girl. Why we have to bother with these dratted things that women apparently must wear to formal occasions such as these that are impossible to get on. Why can't we be men and not have to look pretty?""Because," Lena pointed out, "then we'd have to be the ones complimenting women on how good they look and pay for everything. Frankly I like this way better."Arti grinned. "Me too.""You need help?""No, I'll manage.""If you say so," Lena said as she turned back to the mirror. After a minute, she settled on putting her hair up into an elegant bun, held together with a pearl comb, with curls framing her face. By the time she was done, Arti had successfully put on her stockings."Honestly, it's not that hard.""Shut up, Lena.""Make me."Arti gave her sister a mischievous smile as she replied. "I'm sure Adrian would be glad to."Lena rolled her eyes and began to sing "I Feel Pretty" as Arti twirled around the room."You know," Arti said as she stopped spinning, "we are the prettiest girls in this House."Lena giggled, casting a furtive  and unnecessary  glance at the closed door. "Don't let them hear you say that," she hissed. "They'll hex you into next week."Artemis scoffed. "Let them try," she said, waving her hand dismissively. "Most of them are too stupid to figure out which end of their wand to point at me anyway.""They aren't all that bad, are they? I mean, there's Adrian, Blaise and GrahamAnd I suppose Tracey Davis and Daphne Greengrass.""Including us, that's only seven out of.seventy-odd people. That's rather depressing.""Thank Merlin for Adrian. Otherwise I'd have either no date or have gotten stuck with the likes of Warrington.""At least you have a date.""True. You'd think that since I take Muggle Studies, people in other Houses would realize I'm not like the typical Slytherin, but I guess not. Maybe they think I'm just pretending to be. At least I can talk to them, sort of. And since I do take Muggle Studies the bigots in our House won't associate with me. So, thank Merlin for you, otherwise I'd be all alone in this place.""You asked to be here," Arti pointed out."I know that, but I didn't realize how bad it would be.""And no thanks to you, I don't have a date.""How is that my fault?""Because I decided I wanted to be in Slytherin with you.""Still, how is your being and Slytherin and not having a date my fault?""Because you took the only available.""I'll lend him to you tonight."Arti brightened. "All right then.""It is rather sad that there aren't enough boys here so I have to share my date with my sister.""Well, most of them in this House are as stupid as they are ugly, so we wouldn't want to be friends with them anyway. I've always wondered about some of them. I mean they can't all be fully human.""Oh? What do you mean?" Lena asked as she went to her trunk. She opened the lid and began rummaging around."Well," Arti began, counting off the names on her fingers. "There's Flint who's got to be part troll, him and Crabbe and Goyle. Warrrington's part sloth, Bulstrode's part hag, Parkinson's part pugWhy do most of them have to be in my year?""I dunno. Maybe there was something in the water? Aha!" Lena said triumphantly, holding up a slender velvet box."What is that?""My jewelry.""Oh!" Arti squealed happily. "The ones you got for Christmas from Mother this year?"Lena nodded. "I was wondering why she said I didn't need to get any this summer." She took out the lapis lazuli earrings first and put them on, and then took out the matching necklace. "Can you give me a hand?"Arti came up behind her and fastened the clasp of the necklace. "You look beautiful.""So do you. Red suits you.""I like your dress robes too." Arti sighed with content. "I'm just glad we're not reenacting The Secret Garden, even if it's only for one night."Lena turned back to her trunk and extracted three sets of plain school robes. "Now what would you like to wear? Black, black, or black?""Are you blind? They're all black."They burst into a fit of giggles."And it's nice to not have professors harping about OWLs for once.""I can imagine." Arti shuddered. "I don't look forward to next year.""Well, look at it this way. That means you'll only have two left.""I suppose. But at least tonight since we aren't in our school robes no one will know which House we're in."Lena brightened. "That's a good point. Maybe we can make some new friends.""That is until they see us in the halls tomorrow with our House crests.""Stop bursting my bubble!""If you think you can pull it off, fine. I bet you five Galleons that if you do get a boy from another House to dance with you tonight, he won't give you a second glance once you tell him what House you're in."Lena gave her sister a conniving smile. "You're on!" They shook hands. Lena looked up at the clock. "We should hurry."Arti pouted. "And go be with the scary people downstairs?""Not for long.""I guess."Lena quickly returned her school robes and jewelry case to her trunk and closed the lid. With some final adjustments to their dress robes the Moon sisters made their way to the Slytherin common room.The noise grew louder as they drew closer. As they rounded the last corner and made their way down the stone hallway, they could see many of their Housemates dressed in various colored robes, chatting excitedly  or excitedly as any pureblood could get."I like this a lot better," Arti said, nodding toward the colorfully dressed students. "Much more cheerful, don't you think?""Mm-hm.""Nott's robes make him look like a vicar.""Parkinson looks like candy floss.""And Crabbe and Goyle look like moss-covered boulders."They nearly fell down the stairs as they both burst into a fit of giggles. They clutched each other to keep from falling and cautiously went down the last few steps. As they entered the common room, Lena saw Adrian talking to Blaise. Adrian looked up, and seeing them came to meet them."You look lovely," he said, taking Lena's hand and kissing it. "And so do you," he added, nodding to Arti. She smiled at him and excused herself."You look very handsome," Lena said."Thanks. I hate wearing dress robes," Adrian grumbled, running a hand through his black hair."Me too," Lena said. "At least when I have to wear them day after day over the holidays. This however, is a nice change.""I suppose.""It does look a little strange," Lena admitted."Shall we?" Adrian asked, offering Lena his arm.Lena nodded, taking his arm. He led her over to where Blaise and Artemis were talking."He won't tell me who he's taking," she whined."He doesn't have to," Lena pointed out."But I want to know.""You'll find out soon enough. We should go up to the Great Hall in a few minutes anyway.""You're no fun."Lena turned to Blaise. "I take it then, that she isn't in this House?""No, she isn't."Lena smiled at him. "Good for you.""I'm glad you agree."Of course we do!" Arti said emphatically."I didn't want to make my choice known for fear of ridicule, or worse yet that someone would ridicule her.""Well, you don't have to worry about that with us. I'd have gone with someone from another House if the opportunity arose, but given our reputation, that wasn't possible.""I'm glad to know that I'm your backup option," said Adrian with mock-effrontery."You're in the same position as I am," Lena pointed out."I suppose.""Shouldn't we be going?"It was only then that Lena realized that the common room was emptying. "Good idea."Blaise offered Arti his arm, and the two couples made their way toward the common room entrance. This seemed to be a signal that the rest should follow, as suddenly everyone else in the common room was suddenly behind them. The Slytherin students wound their way through the dungeon corridors and up the stairs to the Entrance Hall."Finally!" Arti said excitedly. "We're first for something."The others laughed.They moved away from their classmates. Blaise stood off to one side where he had a clear view of the marble staircase. Soon the Ravenclaws arrived, then the Hufflepuffs. It was some time before the Gryffindors arrived and Blaise was looking more and more nervous by the minute. The Gryffindors all came down the stairs and the last girl stood alone at the top of the staircase. Blaise quickly made his way toward her, pushing past several students. She was a very pretty girl with long, dark brown hair which was mostly lose and flowed down her back. Her robes, a rich green, were cut simply to emphasize her height and figure. Her nut-brown hair was dressed very simply, leaving much of it free to flow down her back. Tigers' eyes gleamed in her ears and at her throat.Arti did a double-take and gasped. "That's Colleen Lamb!""Your year?""Mm-hm.""I believe her older sister is in my year. I think her name is Margaret.""Ah."They watched as Blaise made his way to the top of the stairs, exchanged a few words with Colleen and escort her down the stairs. Several of the student in Slytherin and other Houses were giving the couple dirty looks and whispering amongst themselves.Blaise ushered Colleen back to where Artemis, Lena and Adrian waited."So," Arti said to Colleen, "this is why you knew not all Slytherins were bad."Both Colleen and Blaise gave Arti a surprised look."I heard Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown giggling about it that day in Potions," Artemis explained. "That day that we  well except for you, Blaise  were wearing those stupid badges."Blaise's eyes widened in comprehension. "Everyone, this is Colleen Lamb, she's a Gryffindor in my year. Colleen, I'd like you to meet some friends of mine.""Are they all in your House?" Colleen asked quietly.Blaise nodded. "I believe you know Artemis Moon by name, though I don't think you've met."Arti extended a hand. "I can see why. I haven't exactly made a good impression, I'm afraid. And for that I apologize.""Apology accepted," Colleen replied, giving Arti a shy smile."I've gotten rid of that ridiculous badge. I threw it into the fire.""A fitting demise," Lena agreed."And this is Selena, Artemis' sister," Blaise said, gesturing to Lena. "She's a fifth year.""Nice to meet you," Lena said, shaking Colleen's hand. "I'm glad someone in our House saw sense and decided to reach out. Maybe now we can have more inner-house unity.""I couldn't agree more," said Colleen enthusiastically."And this," Blaise said nodding to Adrian, "is Adrian Pucey, a sixth year. He's Chaser on our House team," Blaise explained."I promise I won't be too hard on your House team then. I'd rather not have Blaise angry with me because I've injured your Housemates."Colleen smiled, blushing. "Thank you."Just then, the Durmstrang and Beauxbtons students came into the Entrance Hall. Viktor Krum was leading his schoolmates escorting a pretty girl, who was surely neither a Durmstrang nor Beauxbtons but Lena couldn't remember having seen her at Hogwarts either."Who is that?" Arti asked, staring after the girl."That's Hermione Granger," Colleen said."What?" Arti and Lena asked in unison and turned to look at her again."She told me that she was going with Viktor Krum," Colleen explained."You're right! It's just that her hair's straight. Merlin I'd have never recognized her.""She's so lucky.""Once again, I'm feeling slighted," Adrian grumbled."Oh, come on! You'd be jealous of a boy who went to a ball with Gwenog Jones, wouldn't you?""Yes.""There you go.""For that matter, I'm jealous of Roger Davies.""Why?""Because he's taking Fleur Delacour.""Really?""Yes.""Speaking of whom, there they are," Lena said nodding toward the Beauxbtons students who were coming toward them with Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies in the lead."Merlin, she's gorgeous," Adrian breathed."So is he," Lena said, gazing at Roger."You know, she's part-veela.""Really? Well, that explains a lot."The Entrance Hall was slowly emptying and the five followed their fellow students into the Great Hall."Wow," all three girls said in unison as they entered. There were ice sculptures and rosebushes out front. Silver frost with lovely pictures melted into it, covered the walls and ivy and mistletoe were woven from the rafters. The House tables were replaced by dozens of small, round ones. The five found one at the far end of the Great Hall. Colleen began giggling as she glanced up at those who were sitting at the high table."What?" Blaise asked and the others turned to give her a curious look."Ludo Bagman's robes," she answered.The other four looked up and also began snickering at Ludo Bagman who was wearing bright purple robes emblazoned with yellow stars."Impressive. It takes a real man to wear something like that in public.""I'll say," Adrian agreed.Once everyone was settled, the champions processed into the Great Hall. Everyone turned to look toward the entrance to watch and began to applaud as the champions entered. Fleur Delacour and Davies, followed by Viktor Krum and Granger-Lupin, then Diggory and Chang and finally Potter and a girl whom Arti identified as one of the Patil twins.The champions and their partners went up to the top table and sat down. The other students resumed their chatter as they picked up their menus and began ordering. Their food immediately appeared on their plates."Wow, talk about fast food.""That's for sure."They placed their orders then ate in silence for several minutes."This is delicious!" Colleen exclaimed.Everyone nodded in agreement. "They've outdone themselves," Blaise said. "They must be very busy down in the kitchens tonight.""I don't know how they do it," Lena said, shaking her head in amazement. "They should teach cooking classes.""Say, that's a really good idea!" Arti said enthusiastically."Maybe we can ask the next time we go to the kitchens?""Why not?""You've been into the kitchens?" Colleen asked."Sure," Adrian said. "It's down the hall from our common room. Just get to the painting of the bowl of fruit and tickle the pear. It giggles and turns into a doorknob and there you go. We can take you later, if you'd like.""I'd like that.""It's a date then."Everyone laughed as Colleen blushed and Blaise shot Adrian a murderous look that would have been much more impressive if he hadn't been trying not to laugh.The champions and their partners walked onto the dance floor as the band began playing the first song of the night."They all dance very well, don't they?" Lena asked as the four couples revolved around the room."They do," Arti agreed. "They must have all had lessons when they were younger.""Most of us have," Blaise said."And some of us have liked it more than others," Adrian said dryly."That's one of the few pureblood cultural activities I could stand," Lena admitted. "That and riding lessons.""You can ride?" Colleen asked."Yes. I learned to ride when I was six. I got my first horse that year for Christmas. His name's Bronte.""What kind is he?""An Arabian. He's black.""Oh, he sounds beautiful. I'd love to see him.""Of course!" Lena said excitedly. "You should definitely come over. Maybe that'd get us out of having to go to those horrid parties.""That would be wonderful," Arti agreed."That's something we can all agree on, I think." Blaise said.When everyone was finished eating, Dumbledore stood and asked the students to do the same. He waved his wand and sent all of the tables to the perimeter of the Great Hall, leaving the floor clear. Then he conjured a raised platform along the right wall. Several instruments were set up onstage.The lights went out and The "Weird Sisters" came into the Great Hall to raucous applause. As they picked up their instruments, the champions and their partners got up and walked onto the dance floor.They were so engrossed in their conversation that no one noticed that the song had come to an end until the sudden burst of sound. They looked up, surprised to see the champions acknowledging the applause. Then, other couples began streaming onto the floor. Blaise offered Colleen his arm and the two disappeared into the crowd. Lena gave Arti an apologetic smile, which she wave off, before allowing Adrian to do the same."I apologize in advance if I step on your toes," Adrian said as he carefully made his way through the crowd."Me too."Just as they reached the floor, the Weird Sisters struck up a fast tune."Excellent," Lena beamed."Let's just hope we don't run into anyone," Adrian said as they began a lock-step around the dance floor. As they neared their table, Lena grinned at Artemis, who was clapping and tapping her foot in time to the music.Adrian's words were prophetic as they were nearly run into by several people, mainly Hagrid and Madame Maxime. By the end of the dance, they decided that it would be a good idea to get a drink.They parted ways, Lena going back to their table and Adrian detouring to the drink table."You looked like you were having fun.""I was. Although Hagrid and Madame Maxime are a bit of a hazard."Arti giggled. "I saw. They nearly ran into Potter and Parvati Patil. Then they ran into Spinnet and whatever Weasley twin she's come with and Johnson and other Weasley twin.""Really? I didn't see that."Lena turned to look back. "Blaise and Colleen are enjoying themselves.""I'm glad.""Me too."Adrian arrived with three butterbeers, which they clinked together, as Adrian toasted to a fun night."Hear, hear!" the girls cried and the three drank.They watched the others dance, a slower one this time."Lavender's got some competition," Arti said, raising her eyebrows."And apparently, so does Krum.""This should be interesting.""They should just settle it with a nice game of Quidditch.""Krum'd kill Weasley.""Well, then that'd solve the problem.""I don't quite think that's going to work," Adrian said, chuckling.The next dance was much faster. Adrian and Lena agreed that it was a good thing that they had decided not to dance to this one either.After that, Lena agreed to another dance."Much better," Lena said as they waltzed. "I like waltzes.""So, do I. It's one of the few steps I actually understand."Lena laughed and looked around to see who else was there. "Colleen and Blaise have been out there all night.""I suppose they want to make the most of it.""Her sister and her partner don't look too happy about them.""No, they don't."They danced in silence for several minutes."Adrian?""Hm?""Is your mother still trying to set us up?"Flustered, Adrian almost missed a step. "I don't think so. I mean, not that I wouldn't want-I mean-""It's all right," Lena assured him. "I'm not offended."Good," he replied, looking relieved."I'm glad we're friends though."He smiled. "Me too."They danced to two more songs before deciding to take another break. They grabbed another round of butterbeers and were walking back to their table when they noticed Arti in conversation with a boy from Beauxbtons, looking highly uncomfortable."I think we need to go rescue my sister.""I can do that," Adrian offered. "She hasn't had a chance to dance yet.""Would you? That'd make her so happy.""I'd be glad to.""Thank you.""You're welcome. I don't mean to abandon you.""Don't worry, you aren't. Besides now I get to see if I can win that bet Arti and I made before the dance.""Which was?""That I couldn't get a boy from a different House to dance with me tonight and keep him once I told him what House I was in."Adrian looked amused. "Really?""Mm-hm.""Well, the best of luck to you.""Thank you. Now go rescue the damsel in distress before she does something stupid."He kissed her on the cheek. As he walked away, Lena caught his arm. He turned with a questioning look on his face."Who knows?" Lena asked, grinning mischievously, "you might end up with a Moon girl after all, just not the one your mother expected."Adrian shook his head in exasperation and walked away.Lena sat down at the nearest empty table and watched as he made his way back to their table and coughed to get the couple's attention. The look of relief on Arti's face and the look of surprise and dismay on the Beauxbtons boy's face were priceless.Adrian and Arti sat talking and sipping their butterbeers for several minutes before they got up and walked onto the dance floor just as the next song was starting. Indeed, her sister did look very happy.Around ten, Blaise and Colleen came back to their table. The three exchanged waves and smiles. Lena decided against joining them to give them some privacy. Blaise left Colleen sipping a butterbeer as he made his way toward the stage at the other end of the Great Hall.He returned shortly, and they went back to dancing. Lena had a sneaking suspicion that he'd just gone to request a song. Her suspicions proved correct when the lyrics began. That's so sweet. He really likes her.Lena caught Arti's eye as she and Adrian came by and they exchanged grins. Arti made an "aww" expression and nodded toward Blaise and Colleen who seemed lost to the rest of the world. Lena nodded.Half an hour later, the other four were still dancing. Lena had been approached by several boys, from Durmstrang and Beauxbtons but had declined their offers of a dance. It just hadn't felt right.The next song to come on suddenly made her mood plummet.Rub it in, why don't you? Feeling rather lonely as other couples danced around her, Lena got up abruptly from the table and made her way across the Great Hall and out the door. The cool air felt good as she walked to the nearest bench and sat down. The rose garden was pretty, covered in snow.She took a deep breath, stretching her arms and sliding her shoes off her feet. She hadn't realized how uncomfortable the shoes were. A soft cough startled and she looked up in surprise to see a boy standing next to her. A second later, she recognized Roger Davies, captain of the Ravenclaw Quidditch team."Hello," she stammered."I apologize for startling you," Davies said, "but I saw you alone and wanted to make sure you were all right.""Thank you, I am. I needed some time alone," Lena explained. "Or alone as one can be, given the circumstances," she said grimacing slightly at the moving bushes.Davies smiled thinly. "I understand. May I?" he asked, gesturing toward the bench."Oh, of course, forgive me," Lena said, scooting over to make room for him. "Speaking of being alone, were you not here tonight with Miss Delacour. I'd have thought you wouldn't want to be far from her."Davies blanched. "I was, but she  we  er, made a mutual decision to part.""Oh, I'm sorry.""It's all right. I realize now that all I was doing was making a fool of myself.""It's not your fault. She is part vela after all. And I'm sure no one noticed.""I hope not. So," Davies said, turning to her, "what brings you here tonight Are you alone?""I had a date. But I asked him to rescue my sister from the clutches of a Beauxbtons boy. They seem to have hit it off rather nicely.""Ah. Oh, dear, where are my manners. I don't think I've introduced myself.""No need," Lena replied. "You're Roger Davies, captain of the Ravenclaw Quidditch team. Sixth year, if I'm not mistaken."He looked impressed. "I didn't think I was that noticeable.""On the contrary, you are. You're a very good Quidditch player."Roger blushed slightly. "Thank you. Are you a sixth year as well?""No, fifth.""Busy year.""Very.""I don't believe we are in the same House, Miss?""Moon. Selena Moon, though my family calls me Lena. And no, we aren't, which is part of the reason I'm out here.""Oh?""I made a bet with my sister that I could get someone from another House to dance with me. And I intend to win that bet.""Is it that hard for you to find a partner? I would think a girl as pretty as you would have no trouble.""I thank you for the compliment. And I agree, it wouldn't be a problem on nights when House crests and ideologies do not matter. But as we had to choose our partners before tonight, it is difficult for people like us.""I'm not sure I understand," Roger said, probably for the first time in his life.Lena took a deep breath and decided to take the hippogriff by the talons. "My younger sister Artemis, her date and I are in Slytherin," she explained, then went on quickly. "But we don't agree with the politics of our House and find many of its members quite unsatisfactory, to say the least. A few others also share our views. Luckily, Blaise was able to convince a Gryffindor in his year that he was a kind, and charming person, despite our House's reputation."We've hidden our disagreement for the most part, to avoid...unpleasantness. Though our Housemates still seem to realize that we aren't quite like them so will have nothing to do with us. Me, doubly so, because I'm a pureblood taking Muggle Studies. Though I was able to convince my Housemates that I take Muggle Studies to er, scoff at the inferiority of Muggles and they have left me alone, thank Merlin. Lena sighed."And given that the other Houses all lump us together as pureblood supremacists  they're extremely suspicious of me to say the least  we had little chance of finding someone from a different House to go with. Therefore I decided to wait until the ball to see if I could find someone outside of my House to dance with. This of course, ties into the Slytherin trait of disregarding the rules." She smiled smugly.Davies looked taken aback. "I-I admit that given your House's reputation and our own prejudices that we do tend to lump everyone together. But as with any House, not everyone fits exactly into every trait. I had always thought that there must be some in your House who do not share Slytherin's views."Lena beamed at him. "Thank you, I'm glad. It's nice to have even one more person not look at us in distaste. Yes, those in our House are ambitious, and cunning, but not all of us think that wizards and witches, especially those of pure blood are the only kind that should exist."The only reason my sister and I are pureblood at all is because our mother isn't English. Her parents came over from Japan after World War II. So, if my mother had been English we'd probably be a half-blood since most of the traditionalist families wouldn't want their children marrying someone like my father. He's a blood-traitor," she explained. "And my uncle married a Muggle. My aunt has shown me much of what the Muggle world has to offer and I find it fascinating.""Do you enjoy Muggle studies?""Oh, I love it. It's my favorite subject. I think after Hogwarts I'll go work at the Ministry in something Muggle-related.""I'm a three-quarter magical myself. My mother's a witch, my father's a half-blood. So my sister and I have grown up in both worlds, though mostly in the magical world, and frankly I prefer ours.""I can imagine, especially when it comes to sports. I assume you're going to play Quidditch professionally?"Roger laughed. "I suppose so. That's all I've thought about for a while now.""I think any team you play on will be glad to have you."He stared at her for a moment. "You're complimenting a team other than your own House's?""Why shouldn't I? The Slytherin team is lousy, considering that their players are selected for strength more than skill. And since I dislike my House team and do not favor any other I can see past the scoreboard and actually watch how team members play. The only reason we seem to win some of our matches is because some of the other players are intimidated by our large players, not because of any skill my House team has.""Ah," Davies said, sounding amused."And I take it as a good sign that you're still here.""Why shouldn't I be? You've just explained that you do not think me less worthy because of my blood status. I'm glad someone in your House has learned to look past that. And you've disproved my theory that no one in your House would.""Will you get extra credit?"Davies burst out laughing. "I'm glad Fleur left me. I've had more fun in the last few minutes than I have all night.""Me too.""So, who are these enlightened Slytherins? There's you, your sister, Blaise Zabini and who else?""My date, Adrian ""Pucey? The Chaser on your House team?""The one and only.""Is Zabini's date related to the Margaret Lamb in my House?""Yes, Colleen's her younger sister. And luckily Colleen and Artemis are getting on, given that some in her year arenarrow-minded gits and she chose to follow them for some time before she saw sense.""Good. And Adrian?""His mother and mine are old friends. His mother even tried to set us up. But we both felt that we were incompatible. Maybe he will marry my sister. They seem to be getting along nicely when I left.""I hope his mother won't be disappointed.""I hope so too."A cool wind blew and Lena shivered. Roger immediately looked concerned."Are you all right?""Just a little cold. I think I'll go in," she said, sliding her feet back into her shoes."Miss Moon-""Please, call me Selena. It would get rather confusing with two of us."Davies smiled. "All right, Selena, then. Would-would you mind if I accompanied you? I think I'd like to get to know you better and as we are both alone now-""Mr. Davies-""Roger," he corrected."Roger," she replied, smiling, "I'd be delighted."He got up and took her hand and the couple walked back into the Great Hall. Luckily no one paid them any attention as they walked toward the table. But Lena was sure that people were bound to notice that Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies were no longer together.As they approached, Lena could see that Adrian, Artemis, Blaise and Colleen were all there. Arti was the first to look up and her eyes widened and her mouth dropped open at the sight of them. The others turned to look at the source of her astonishment and they were all staring at them as Lena and Roger arrived at the table."Hello, everyone," Lena said brightly.Roger pulled out a chair for her and she sat down as he went to get an extra chair from a nearby table and sitting down."This is Roger Davies, a sixth year Ravenclaw. Roger, this is my sister, Arti"  Arti still wearing a stunned expression, waved  "and Adrian, I'm sure you know him"  the two shook hands  "and Blaise Zabini and Colleen Lamb," Lena finished."It's nice to meet you," Colleen said, smiling shyly at him."You too," Roger replied smiling at her.Blaise - who looked thoughtful  and Roger exchanged nods."And no talking about Quidditch," Lena said firmly."But-" Adrian began."One night. You'll live without talking about it for one night. Then tomorrow you can argue about it to your hearts' content.""Oh, all right.""So, er," Arti said, turning to Roger. "Where is Miss Delacour?"Roger blanched, though with less intensity than when Lena had asked him earlier. "I suppose I ought to tell you, since everyone will find out soon enough that we are no longer together and there are bound to be interesting rumors." Everyone else snickered. "I went to get us some drinks and after watching several boys approach her in my absence, I realized that I was making a fool of myself when I was near her, and did not wish to be in her company anymore if at all possible. Luckily, she had gone off with someone else by the time I returned."The rest of the occupants at the table gave him sympathetic looks."And then I went outside to be alone and saw that Mi-Selena was also alone." Arti and Adrian looked a touch guiltily at each other but Lena caught their eye and shook her head, smiling at them. "And we deiced that we could be partners for the rest of the evening.""Isn't that sweet?" Colleen asked.Blaise turned to her with a grin. "So would you like me to leave you now so you can go find someone else?" he teased.Colleen looked horrified. "No! Of course not!""I won't leave you," Blaise promised, taking her hand in his. "Not unless you want me to.""I don't.""All right. That's settled.""On that note, anyone want to dance?" Arti asked.A chorus of agreement went up and the six walked toward the dance floor.Lena could see heads turning and people whispering as she and Roger walked across the Great Hall."Everyone's staring at us," she said, feeling uncomfortable. She saw that Fleur was sitting on the lap and stroking the hair of a young man who had an expression on his face remarkably similar to Crabbe and Goyle."Really? I'd forgotten there was anyone else here."The band began to play the next song, a waltz. Lena and Arti looked at each other and grinned as they recognized the tune."How fitting," Lena said, smiling as Roger led her onto the floor."Oh?" Roger asked as they began to waltz."You'll see," Lena said."Yes, it is rather fitting," Roger agreed as the first verse ended.As they moved around the dance floor, Lena could hear a lot of whispering, most of which she was sure was directed at them, but she didn't care.Roger's grip tightened slightly around her waist, drawing her closer around the middle of the second verse."I don't think you need my help," Lena said, chuckling. Roger laughed as he spun her around.Lena took up the next verse. She kept her eyes fixed on his; reveling in the look he was giving her. She didn't think any boy would ever look at her like that.She's lovely, Roger thought as he gazed at her.She beamed. Merlin he's handsome.They sang the last verse together, gliding around without a care in the world.As the last notes died away and they slowed, Roger pulled her to him and lifted her chin. Her breath caught in her throat as he lowered his head and their lips were just about to touchSuddenly they were jostled by a passing couple and the spell was broken.They stood staring at each other for several moments looking dazed and confused when a several loud notes from the Weird Sisters startled them out of their trance.Lena and Roger began to dance again, and although Lena felt happy to be with him, she was sad that their kiss had been interrupted as she was sure she wouldn't be getting another chance.They danced all sorts of dances. A tango livened things up quite nicely. This was followed by another slow song and then a foxtrot. All too soon, however, it was time for the last song of the night. Lena was suddenly felt very dour as she was sure that once the ball was over, she would never see Roger again. But for his sake, she kept up a cheerful demeanor.The last notes died away and the atmosphere changed completely as couples began making their way out of the Great Hall. Lena watched as Blaise and Colleen and surprisingly Adrian and Arti were among them."Shall we?""What?" she asked startled."Shall we go somewhere else?" Roger asked."Wh-yes, yes, if you'd like.""I would. That is, if you don't mind.""I don't," Lena replied smiling as they walked out of the Great Hall. Her heart nearly burst with happiness. I'm leaving the ball with Roger Davies and he wants to spend time with me!"Did you have any particular place in mind?""Someplace quiet and not filled with people.""I have just the place in mind."They walked in silence through the halls of Hogwarts. Lena would have found it rather eerie under any other circumstances, but tonight, she was enjoying it very much. They passed several couples kissing or whispering to each other as they walked. Lena wasn't paying attention to where they were going, only to the fact that a very attractive sixth year was beside her."Well here we are."She looked up to find them standing in front of the library. She almost burst out laughing. "Only a Ravenclaw would choose the library," she said, giggling.Roger blushed. "Well, I couldn't think of anywhere else where we could be alone. I figured every other place would be taken by a couple looking for a place to have a tryst.""A fair point," Lena conceded.They went inside, Roger flicking his wand to light the lamps as they passed."I didn't think Ravenclaws liked to break rules," she said."Why not? We're too smart to get caught, so why shouldn't we?""And we're too sneaky.""We'd make quite a pair, wouldn't we?""I believe we would."They found a table bathed in moonlight reflected off the snow thought a nearby window. Lena went to stand at the window and gazed out. After a few moments, she began to sing "Silent Night". Roger joined in on the third line."I didn't get the chance to tell you before, but you sing beautifully," he said when they had finished the verse.She turned to face him and Roger's breath caught in his throat. The moonlight was making her look as though she were glowing, like an angel."Thank you, so do you. One of the few things remotely respectable that I like doing. I inherited that talent from my mother.""Have I told you yet tonight that you look absolutely beautiful?"Lena blushed. "No, and thank you." Why am I blushing? I didn't when Adrian said the same thing. "You look very handsome yourself.""Thank you."Lena looked around the library. "It's so peaceful here tonight. It's a nice place to come to study.""I agree. I often study in here. Why have I never seen you?""You've never looked.""That's probably true. But now I shall in the future.""Won't your Housemates care?""About what?""That you're talking to me?"Roger shrugged. "It's none of their business whom I chose to associate with. Though I'm sure your Housemates will not approve of me.""They'd find out eventually somehow that I'm not quite like them as they think. Poor Blaise and Colleen, things are going to be hard for them. At least you're a Ravenclaw so they won't react too badly.""Well, if f anyone has any objections, I will challenge them to a duel," Roger said brandishing his wand.Lena laughed. "And you'd definitely win." After a moment, she said. "You told me earlier that you have a sister.""I do. She's a third year Hufflepuff.""Were either of your parents in those Houses?""My father was in Hufflepuff and my mother was a Ravenclaw. Yours?""My mother was a Gryffindor, my father was a Hufflepuff.""They must have been surprised to have both daughters in Slytherin.""Not really.""Oh?""I told them, a couple of years before coming to Hogwarts that I wanted to be in Slytherin, because I wanted to prove that not all of us are stupid, narrow-minded gits.""And you're also a whole lot of other things.""Such as?" she asked looking up at him."Ambitious and cunning, and you know what you want. You're also brave enough to speak your mind despite what others might think or do because of it. You're fair and kind and lovely"He trailed off and gazed down at her. Lena lost herself in his hazel eyes and they continued to stare at each other for several moments when a shrill squeal from the hallway interrupted them. They jumped at the sound and looked toward the door.Loud footsteps came toward them and they saw a girl in purple dress robes being carried into the library by a young man with dark blonde hair. Roger took Lena's hand leading her quickly and quietly out of the library, unnoticed by the other couple. They waited until they were certain not to be overheard before succumbing to laughter."Well, I guess we weren't the only ones who had that idea.""Apparently not. And here I thought it was such a good one.""I think that was one of the girls in my year. I think she's a Hufflepuff.""And the boy looked to be a Beauxbtons student.""Well, now that our hiding place has been invaded, where shall we go?""The kitchens. I'm a bit hungry.""Now that you mention it, so am I." He paused. "How do you know how to get in?""It's right down the hall from our common room. And it's a nice place to go to get away from the people in my House. Besides, the food's amazing."They walked down five flights of stairs and walked down the corridor until they had reached the painting of the bowl of fruit. Roger reached up and tickled the pear, which turned into a door handle. They entered and were immediately besieged by a dozen house-elves."What would sir and miss like?" they asked eagerly."A hot chocolate and a few clairs please," Lena said."That sounds nice."The house-elves scurried off and they sat down at the nearest table."Thank you," Roger said.Lena stared at him, bewildered. "For what?" she asked."For not making fun of me after tonight's events.""I wouldn't dream of it," she said quietly."You wouldn't?""No, of course not. I'd make fun of her for leaving you, however."Roger chuckled.Just then their clairs and hot chocolate arrived. They sat in silence enjoying the food for several minutes."Merlin, these are delicious," Lena said, trying not to gobble them up. "I should ask them for a recipe.""You bake?""I do. One of the few domestic things I like to do.""So you can ride, sing, cook and dance. Is there anything you can't do?""Act like a proper pure-blood woman."Roger laughed."But most of this stuff was taught to me; the riding, the cooking and the dancing. The only thing I'm good at naturally is singing. And I'm good at the other things because I enjoy them. Arti's the one who can play music and do the needlework and so on. I'm hopeless at that. Grandmother was glad someone wanted to learn that sort of thing." She lowered her voice and made sure that no house-elves were nearby before adding "I do make an excellent apple pie, if I do say so myself.""My favorite kind. Well then I'll have to come over and eat one of your delicious concoctions one of these days," he said, smiling at her."I-really? Would you?""Unless you object," he said, with an uncertain look."No, no, I'm just surprised. I don't have a lot of friends at Hogwarts, given where people think my affiliations are. It's mainly me, Arti, Adrian, Blaise and a few others whom I knew before school.""How do you know Pucey?""Our parents went to Hogwarts together. We more or less grew up together.""Ah. Must be hard being in that House."Lena shrugged. "I chose to. But it's still hard," she agreed. "But now I have more friends, which will, I hope make things easier.""Am I to be counted as one of them?""Of course! Why wouldn't you?""Just didn't want to count my Ashwinders before they hatched. And maybe, when people see that we are friends they will think more positively of your House.""One can only hope. I'm sure they'll think I fed you a Love Potion or some such nonsense.""I don't think so. I'm a Ravenclaw. I'm too smart for that.""And you forget sir, that I am a sneaky, crafty Slytherin.""Well, I'll have to watch my back then," he grinned."Me too."They burst out laughing, startling the nearby house-elves. Once they had regained their composure, Lena realized that she was quite tired.Roger looked at his watch and jumped. "Merlin! It's almost 2.""No wonder I'm tired, but, I don't want this to end.""I feel the same way. On the other hand," Roger added, "if we go to sleep now the sooner it will be tomorrow and the sooner we can see each other again."Lena stared at him dumbly. "What?""I'd like to see you again tomorrow. I've enjoyed our time together and, I'm hoping you have so""Yes, I'd like that very much."They got up and thanked the house-elves before leaving the kitchens and heading down to the Slytherin common room."It's so drab down here. I don't know how you stand it.""By spending as little time down here as possible."Roger chuckled.All too soon, they reached the Slytherin common room entrance."Mademoiselle, I bid you adieu," Roger said, bowing. He straightened and before Lena knew what was happening, he kissed her. Lena stared after him as he bowed, then turned and walked away down the hall.Roger quietly hummed to himself as he made the trip back to Ravenclaw Tower, a spring in his step.He wasn't one to have silly notions about "love at first sight," but he didn't deny that one could be strongly attracted to someone after meeting them for the first time. And he had to admit, that he was strongly attracted to Lena. He just hoped that he hadn't scared her off and better yet, that she felt, at least somewhat the same about him. He would just have to wait and see.Roger got to Ravenclaw Tower, solved the riddle that the knocker gave him and walked through the common room to his dormitory to find his dorm mates fully awake and waiting for him. He was sorely tempted to walk back out of the room and never return, but he knew that wasn't a choice. He sighed quietly before walking inside and closing the door behind him. Three expectant faces stared at him as he walked to his bed and sat down wearily."Well? Did you get to have fun tonight?" Alfred demanded from the next bed, his suggestively raised eyebrows making his meaning quite clear."No," Roger said shortly."You didn't?" he cried."I didn't," Roger replied in a tone that he hoped they would take as a sign that he didn't want to talk about it. But, alas no such luck."Why the hell not?" Ben demanded from the bed nearest the door. "She's gorgeous!""And who the devil was that girl you left the ball with. That certainly wasn't Fleur.""It wasn't. Fleur and I parted ways halfway through the ball," Roger replied tightly. He didn't want to talk about this, but he wasn't sure he had a choice. He figured that he might as well get it over with or they'd nag him to death. Although he was sure the entire school would know by tomorrow that he'd left the ball with someone other than Fleur Delacour."WHAT?" the other three boys cried."We left each other, sort of," Roger explained. "I went to get us some drinks and by the time I got back she'd left and was with someone else.""And you didn't go and get her back?" Colin demanded."I realized that all I had seen was how beautiful she was and hadn't seen that she didn't care about me as a person, just as some arm candy.""So? Who cares? She's the prettiest girl ever to come to Hogwarts and you didn't go and get her back just because she hadn't treated you decently?"Roger sighed. They didn't understand and he was sure they never would."No, I didn't. I met someone else."All three stared at him expectantly."Is that the girl you left the ball with? Who was she?" Alfred asked eagerly."Her name's Selena Moon. She's a Slytherin fifth year."Complete silence met this announcement."WHAT?" Colin yelped. "You left Fleur Delacour for a Slytherin?""Yes," Roger said tightly. "And she's not just a Slytherin. She's different from the rest of them. She doesn't believe all that blood purity nonsense.""Of course that's what she told you.""But she's not!" Roger insisted. "I mean look at Blaise Zabini and Colleen Lamb. He's a Slytherin and she's a Gryffindor and they went to the ball together.""Probably just so he could get her in bed with him," he replied darkly.It took all of Roger's self control not to hit him."Look," he said finally. "If you don't believe me, that's your prerogative. If she says she isn't like a typical Slytherin, I believe her.""I still think Fleur's addled your brains. She dumped you and you're just on a rebound and this girl was all you could get. Is she pretty at least?""Yes," Roger said simply. He smiled as he recalled how beautiful Lena had looked tonight."Oh, sweet Merlin," Edward groaned, banging his head against the nearest bedpost. "You're in love with a Slytherin.""I didn't expect you to understand.""You're right, I don't. I think you're crazy. But once all this Yule Ball mania goes away, you'll see sense.""Well if you think it's such a loss for me to have left her, why don't you go ask her out?" Roger demanded before shutting his curtains shut vehemently and flopping down onto his bed."I just might," he snapped."Fine."His anger didn't last long as he recalled the events of that evening. He fell asleep with a grin on his face.Lena watched him until he was out of sight. She sighed deeply, wrapping her arms around herself, grinning madly as she twirled around. In a daze, Lena gave the password, making the stone wall part to allow her entrance. She walked into the common room and began twirling around, signing to herself."I can see that," a voice said dryly. Lena jumped and spun around to find Arti sitting on one of the chairs in front of the fire. "You look happy. Did you do something slutty?""I'm not that happy. And what do you mean have I done something slutty?""Well, what else am I supposed to think when you disappear for two hours after the ball with the handsomest boy at Hogwarts who was originally at the ball with Fleur Delacour and come back that happy?""You shouldn't be thinking that because you know me better. I'm not an "Oh, hello, let's jump into bed" kind of person.""No, you'd wait until "goodbye"," Arti said grinning evilly.Lena gaped at her sister and then began sputtering. "You-you!" She grabbed a cushion off of the nearest chair and threw it at Arti who caught it and threw it back. Several minutes later, the two girls lay exhausted on the rug in front of the fire."So, what about you and Adrian?" Lena asked."Well, after the ball, we walked around for a bit and talked.""Talked? Or snogged?"Arti blushed slightly. "A bit of both," she admitted."And?""What?" That's it. We were out for about an hour and came back here.""Do you like him?""I don't know. He's a nice person. I'm glad we know him and that he's in our House, but as of right now, he's just a friend. Why?"Lena shrugged. "Just wondering."Arti rolled onto her side and stared at Lena. "You don't-you're not? Are you?""What?""You like Davies, don't you?""I-what? I do not!" Lena cried."You do too! You're blushing!"Lena rubbed her cheeks vigorously. "I'm just hot. I am not blushing. I don't like him like that.""Uh-huh," Arti said skeptically. "Right.""I'm not! I admit, he's nice, and good-looking and charming and-oh, Merlin""Told you so.""Shut up."Arti obliged but kept grinning.Lena rolled onto her back, staring up at the ceiling. She sighed happily."I'm happy for you.""Thanks.""I'm going to bed," Lena said getting up.Arti followed suit and they made their way to their dormitories, parting at the fourth-year girls' dormitory.After going several steps, Lena turned back to her sister. "I haven't forgotten that you owe me money."Though neither Lena nor Roger knew it then, tonight would be the beginning of a journey full of interesting and unexpected events.Missing lyrics in order: "I Feel Pretty" from West Side Story, "Ten Minutes Ago I Met You" from Rogers and Hammerstein's Cinderella, "Silent Night", and "I Could Have Danced All Night" from My Fair Lady.
