Crazy Little Thing Called LoveChapter I - An Unexpected Prince CharmingAuthor's Note: **** (Pages 569-572 of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - kept the lines but added in my own stuff because I am writing from Lily's POV so a few changes were made. As well as page 35 of Jane Austin's Pride and Prejudice.) ****Also would like to add that this is story does say ALTERNATE UNIVERSE for those people that keep sending me reviews with stuff being wrong, its AU, I'm making it wrong on purpose. This story is sticking to canon and being completely different from canon at the same time. Please review:DLily Evans sat cross-legged under the willow tree near the lake. Her first three buttons were undone on her blouse and her book bag sat on her lap with her shoes sitting next to her.She had just finished her last exam of fifth year. Her O.W.L.s were finished and she was anxious for the summer to begin. It was a beautiful day, there were only two more days until the train left to bring her home. The year had simply flown by.She heard her name and tried not to grimace as her ex-boyfriend, Robbie Sampson made his way towards her. He was a sixth year Ravenclaw, tall, sandy blonde and had turned out to be a complete ass-wipe."Hey Lily, how did your Defence O.W.L. go?""Just fine thank you," she said politely, turning her attention back to the book she held in her hand. She just wanted to enjoy the sunshine, sit, relax and get lost in one of her favourite stories, Pride and Prejudice. She was just about to start one of her most favourite scenes."Lily," Robbie began, moving to take a seat on the ground next to her; despite, the fact that she was pointedly ignoring him. "I've been thinking and  I think that we should have another go at it."Lily placed her book down and glowered at him. The only person she had ever felt as much contempt for as she was currently feeling for Robbie Sampson was James Potter. God, how she loathed Potter. She turned her attention back to Robbie."No."He rolled his eyes, placing his hand on her knee. "Come on, Lily! We had a good time together!"Lily pushed his hand off of her knee. "No, Robbie. You don't respect me or what I want. I can't be with someone like that. It's over, now leave me alone."Robbie snorted, moving closer to her so that his face was inches from hers. "I was just trying to help you grow up, Evans. Now you'll never know how amazing it is to be shagged by me."Lily smiled at him now. "Oh, I'm so wounded by that."His blue eyes sparked in anger. "Doesn't matter anyway, I already told my buddies I shagged you. No one in school believes you're a virgin anyway."He stood up and hurried off, leaving Lily staring after him in shock. The nerve, she thought angrily. How dare he spread rumours about her just because she hadn't given him what he wanted? Errgggg! Men made her so mad.Her two best friends in the world, Hestia Jones and Alice Mason, plopped down under the tree next to her."What did Robbie want, Lils?" Hestia asked, sucking on the lolly she was holding in her hand and glancing over to where Sirius Black was sitting with his friends under another big tree near by."To be an even bigger ass-wipe than ever before! He wanted me to give him a second chance and when I said no he told me that he told his friends we had sex." Lily explained, her green eyes flashing angrily. "What a prat!"Hestia grinned, leaning back against the tree. "Blokes feel the need to brag and make shit up to save face and to save their egos. I wouldn't worry about it. He's cute but I think you're better off without him. Now if Sirius Black wanted to take away my virtue "Alice laughed now, biting on her bottom lip. "What virtue?""Hey!" Hestia exclaimed, laughing. "I still have some."Lily's eyebrow rose in question. "Really? Where exactly have you been hiding it?"Hestia laughed and elbowed Lily in the ribs lightly. "Bitch!"Lily grinned and slid forward a bit to slide her toes into the lake. "I just wish  why can't men be more like Mr. Darcy."Alice's smile widened and her eyes got a little dreamy. "I love Mr. Darcy.""That is actually the only book I have ever finished. I would totally do Mr. Darcy.""Tia, you'd do anything that moves." Alice said, giggling now. "Are you re-reading it, Lily?"She nodded and opened the book back up. "I'm at my favourite part." She skimmed down to the place she wanted and started to read out loud:"...A woman must have a thorough knowledge of music, singing, drawing, dancing and the modern languages, to deserve the word; and besides all this she must possess a certain something in her air and manner of walking, the tone of her voice, her address and expressions, or the word will be but half-deserved.""All this she must possess," added Darcy, "and to all this she must yet add something more substantial, in the improvement of her mind by excessive reading.""I am no longer surprised at your knowing ONLY six accomplished women. I rather wonder now at your knowing ANY."Lily grinned. "I love the wit of Elizabeth Bennett!"Alice nodded. "I love how Mr. Darcy is so cocky, but then it all comes together at the end and he realizes how much he needs her. He is kind of romantic."Hestia smiled at them. "Not to mention that he is dead sexy!"The three of them turned when a loud shout interrupted their conversation."All right, Snivellus?"Lily sighed when she recognized the boy who was speaking. She caught sight of Severus Snape sitting under a tree nearby. He was obviously going over his notes from the exam, his greasy black hair hanging in his eyes. At hearing James' voice, Snape reacted so fast that it was as though he had been expecting an attack: dropping his bag, he plunged his hand inside his robes and his wand was halfway there when James shouted, "Expelliarmus!"Snape's wand flew twelve feet into the air and fell with a little thud in the grass behind him.Sirius Black, James Potter's partner in crime, let out a bark of laughter. "Impedimenta!" He said, pointing his wand at Snape, who was knocked off his feet halfway through a dive towards his own fallen wand.Students all around had turned to watch. Some of them had got to their feet and were edging nearer. Some looked apprehensive, others entertained."They are the most ridiculous  what the hell is he trying to prove?" Lily demanded as her friends shrugged next to her.Snape lay panting on the ground. James and Sirius advanced on him, wands raised, James glanced over his shoulder at the girls at the water's edge as he went. Peter Pettigrew, part of the quartet of Marauders who loved to cause havoc around the school was on his feet now, watching hungrily, edging around Remus Lupin, the final Marauder member, to get a closer view."How'd the exam go, Snivelly?" James asked in a mocking tone."I was watching him, his nose was touching the parchment," Sirius said viciously. "There'll be great grease marks all over it, they won't be able to read a word."Several people watching laughed. Peter sniggered shrilly as though that was the best line he had heard all day. Snape was trying to get up, but the jinx was still operating on him; he was struggling, as though bound by invisible ropes.Lily gathered up her belongings now, stuffing them into her bag, ignoring Alice's warning, and hurried towards the scene as she heard Snape panting."You - wait," he panted, staring up at James with an expression of purest loathing, "You - wait!""Wait for what?" Sirius said coolly. "What're you going to do, Snivelly, wipe your nose on us?"Snape let out a stream of mixed swear words and hexes, but with his wand ten feet away nothing happened."Wash out your mouth," James said coolly. "Scourgify!"Pink soap bubbles streamed from Snape's mouth at once; the froth was covering his lips, making him gag, choking him -"Leave him ALONE!" Lily shouted, feeling the anger bubble up inside of her. She was so tired of the Marauders and their stupid bullying and their stupid power-trips. Since no one else seemed to be interested in putting a stop to the scene unfolding in front of her, she was taking a stand.James and Sirius looked round.James' free hand immediately jumped to his hair. "All right, Evans?" He said, his tone suddenly pleasant, deeper and more mature. He grinned at her. That famous cocky smirk of his that made every girl in the school moon over him. It only made her more angry because that grin definitely deserved to be mooned over. It made him look sexy as hell and the worst part was that he knew it."Leave him alone," Lily repeated; glaring at him in dislike. His sexy smirk was not going to work on her. She wouldn't let it. "What's he done to you?""Well," James said, appearing to deliberate the point, "It's more the fact that he exists, if you know what I mean "Many of the surrounding students laughed, Sirius and Peter included, but Remus, still apparently intent on his book, didn't, and nor did Lily."You think you're funny," she said coldly. "But you're just an arrogant, bullying toe-rag, Potter. Leave him alone." She demanded, glancing over at Snape in pity.They had once been friends. Close friends. Now she barely knew the young man who was being bullied so badly. To be honest, she didn't even like him. But no one deserved this kind of cruelty especially for the entertainment of others."I will if you go out with me, Evans," James said quickly. "Go on  go out with me and I'll never lay a wand on old Snivelly again."Behind him, the Impedimenta Jinx was wearing off. Snape was beginning to inch towards his fallen wand, spitting out soapsuds as he crawled."I wouldn't go out with you if it was a choice between you and the giant squid," Lily screamed.There were murmurs of laughter. Someone yelled out, "Burn, Potter!""Bad luck, Prongs," Sirius said briskly, and turned back to Snape. "Oi!"But it was too late; Snape had directed his wand straight at James; there was a flash of light and a gash appeared on the side of James' face, spattering his robes with blood. James whirled around: a second flash of light later, Snape was hanging upside-down in the air, his robes falling over his head to reveal skinny, pallid legs and a pair of greying underpants.Many people in the small crowd cheered; Sirius, James and Peter roared with laughter.Lily's furious expression twitched slightly. She disapproved yes, but that curse Severus had just used  drawing blood was never part of the Marauder pranking. She pursed her lips, anger bubbling up again. "Let him down!""Certainly," James said and he jerked his wand upwards; Snape fell into a crumpled heap on the ground. Disentangling himself from his robes he got quickly to his feet, wand up, but Sirius said, "Petrificus Totalus!" and Snape keeled over again, rigid as a board."LEAVE HIM ALONE!" Lily shouted. She had her own wand out now.James and Sirius eyed it warily."Ah, Evans, don't make me hex you," James said earnestly."Take the curse off him, then!"James sighed deeply, then turned to Snape and murmured the counter-curse. "There you go," he said, as Snape struggled to his feet. "You're lucky Evans was here, Snivellus - ""I don't need help from filthy little Mudbloods like her!"Lily blinked. "Fine," she said coolly, the word cutting her to the core. After their shared history, childhood friends and he had the nerve to use that filthy word on her. She hardened her expression, "I won't bother you in the future then and I'd wash your pants if I were you, Snivellus."Laughter followed her remark but James' hazel eyes were full of anger now as he glared menacingly at Snape."Apologize to Evans!" He roared at Snape, his wand pointed threateningly at him."I don't want you to make him apologize," Lily shouted, rounding on James. She was so tired of him attempting to ride in to her rescue, especially when he was the instigator of most of the problems. "You're as bad as he is!""What?" James yelped. "I'd NEVER call you a - you-know-what!""Messing up your hair because you think it looks cool to look like you've just got off your broomstick, showing off with that stupid Snitch, walking down corridors and hexing anyone who annoys you just because you can - I'm surprised your broomstick can get off the ground with that fat head on it. You make me SICK!"She turned on her heel and hurried away."Evans!" James shouted after her. "Hey, EVANS!"But she didn't look back.She kept walking, ignoring the catcalls and the wolf whistles of people who either approved or disapproved of their argument. She didn't care which.She marched back into the castle angrily. Why did she let herself get caught up with James Potter and his stupid band of miscreants? It was just asking for trouble. She was so tired of getting pulled in and not being able to do anything about it. He just made her so mad!What made him think that he was special enough to pick on other students? Severus had been minding his own business and then wham! It was stupid, immature and downright ridiculous! Potter was sixteen years old so when the hell was he going to grow up?Okay, Severus Snape wasn't exactly the nicest boy in school, she admitted to herself. He had been, she remembered painfully. He had been her best friend and her first magical one. But when they had started Hogwarts, he had changed. Over the last three years he had changed a lot and it hadn't been for the greater good.The fact that he had cut Potter's face with a curse only further proved that point. Yes, he was defending himself against other jinxes but Potter hadn't physically hurt him. It only proved how many bad decisions Snape seemed to be making lately.She closed her eyes as she remembered that only two months ago she had overheard him bragging about joining Voldemort. The jerk had thrown his whole life away. But James Potter didn't know that so why did he have to be such an ass?She kicked the stone wall in front of her which did nothing except make her toes hurt and decided to head down to the dungeons to walk off some of her mad.The dungeons didn't worry her like it did other students. To her the dungeons were a sanctuary. It was a place where she could explore and work on potions, her favourite subject. It was also one of the only places in the castle that she wasn't likely to run into James Potter. Professor Slughorn had already promised to help her work to get her Potions Master license.She wasn't sure how long she had been wandering down there but when she glanced out the window she realized the sun had started to set signaling the end of the afternoon so dinner was nearing. It looked like walking off her mad had taken a lot longer than she had expected. She was just about to turn around and head towards Slughorn's office when she heard laughter from behind her. She started to turn around to see who was following when a hand clamped over her mouth and pressed her up against the stone wall causing her heart to leap up into her throat."If you move, I'll kill you."She nodded, fear rushing into her. She had no idea who could possibly be behind her but the fact that she recognized the voice made her stomach clench. Was it someone she knew who would scare her like this? She closed her eyes and fought the urge to vomit when a hand began to slide up her kilt. She whimpered a little and her face was slammed back against the stone so hard her teeth chattered."Don't make a sound, you stupid Mudblooded bitch!"The voice was rough but sounded so familiar that tears welled up in her eyes. This could not be happening to her. Who would be doing such a horrible thing? She moved her hand slowly, achingly slow towards her wand which was tucked in her pocket on the side of her kilt but a long fingered hand grasped hers and a familiar silky voice that she had heard yell out at her in anger by the lake only a few hours before rang out and sent shivers down her spine."Don't even think about it, Lily.""Severus?" She choked out, turning to look at him as he threw her wand down the hall and grabbed at her breast.He slapped her and she bit her lip, tasting blood."Get her on the floor," Snape demanded and Lily cried out when the unknown man flipped her down onto the cold stone floor of the dungeon, shoved his hand under her kilt and ripped her panties off.She shrieked and when the hand clamped back down over her mouth she bit it. The guy screamed and his hood fell back and she found herself staring up into the ice blue cold eyes of Lucius Malfoy, a seventh year Slytherin that Snape had recently started to hang around.His fist connected with her jaw and her tears rolled down her cheeks. "You'll pay for that, bitch!"Snape turned his wand on her and immobilized her body. The fear in her eyes made him smile. "I told you that I didn't need the help of a filthy little Mudblood like you."Lucius grinned down at her and ripped open her blouse, shredding it down the side and biting her breasts hard. Lily tried to scream but no sound came out as her mouth stayed shut and her body couldn't move. Tears welled up in her eyes so that she couldn't see and they were unable to rain down. She watched in horror as Lucius unzipped his pants and yanked himself out and then in one quick motion he had pushed himself deep inside of her and the pain ripped through her. She could feel the blood dripping down her thigh and more tears welled up in her eyes."Take the spell off," Lucius demanded, holding her arms down. "I want to watch her enjoy it before we get the fuck out of this hellhole."Snape rolled his eyes and removed the spell and the tears poured down her cheeks."Please, please stop!" She cried out, struggling beneath him.Lucius grinned at her. "Oh yeah, keep wiggling, it only makes it better, you stupid whore!""Lucius, just finish the job. That will piss Potter off enough as it is. Get it over with. We are supposed to be out of here by now." Snape demanded, a bored sound to his voice."Want a ride?" Lucius panted. "She's so fucking  tight! Of course, breaking a virgin in is always exciting."Snape smirked as if they were sharing some private joke. "If you'd hurry up I might consider it, but for now I'm going to say - oof!"He flew out of Lily's vision and she could hear the sounds of fists hitting flesh and she continued to struggle under the bulk of the man on top of her. She didn't have to struggle long because he was lifted off of her and thrown out of her sight.She sat up slowly, aching all over and watched in fascination as Sirius Black pummeled the two of them as if they were dolls and left them unconscious and bleeding against the stone wall before binding them together and freezing them in place. He fell in front of her."Fuck Evans, are you alright? Shit, of course your not!" He yanked his own uniform shirt off and wrapped it around her shoulders, causing her view to be of nothing but a well chiseled chest.Lily turned away from him, looking over to where Lucius and Severus were unconscious and before she could stop herself she whimpered."Hey, hey, it's alright. It will be alright." Sirius soothed, scooping her up into his arms and carrying her down the corridor. "We're going to go to the hospital wing, okay?"She started to nod and then her cheeks flushed.She was Lily Evans. The brightest muggle born at Hogwarts and she had failed. She hadn't been able to take care of herself. She knew it was petty and she knew it was her own pride that was smacking her brain and causing her mouth to speak the next words but she couldn't stop them."Wait, I don't  no one can see me like this, please!" She begged, tears rolling down her cheeks now.Sirius sighed and sat her down, holding her arm as he steadied her against the wall. "Alright."To her surprise, he didn't leave her there but instead he held his wand out and said, "Accio James' invisibility cloak."Invisibility cloak?It took only a minute for the cloak to come into his arms and he quickly wrapped her in it as well as himself and carefully started heading back towards the hospital wing."Is this better?""You have an invisibility cloak?"He grinned at her. "Actually, it belongs to James. But, now no one can see us. So we're going to the hospital wing, alright?"Lily swallowed. "Alright."Then to his surprise she promptly passed out in his arms.She woke up a few minutes later to the feel of the bed beneath her. Sirius was still holding her hand as the school matron, Madam Pomfrey stood on her other side."Where does it hurt, dear?" She asked kindly, her hand sitting on Lily's shoulder.Lily closed her eyes. How was she supposed to answer that? Where did she hurt? Her heart. Her thighs. Her face. Her breasts. Her pride. Her most private area. Her jaw. "Everywhere."Madam Pomfrey nodded and hurried off to get some supplies.Sirius squeezed her hand gently and she turned to look at him. "They're going to pay for this, Evans, don't you worry."Her pride smacked her upside the head again. "I don't  please, Sirius, don't tell anyone."Sirius' brow crinkled. She was not actually saying this. "Evans, they need to be punished."She nodded, sitting up a bit and wincing at the pain it caused on her thighs. She looked at him stubbornly. "Please Sirius, I don't want anyone to know what happened to me."He sighed and moved to sit on the edge of her bed, taking both of her hands in his own. "Evans, I get that you're embarrassed, but this is  this is so much more than embarrassment. Embarrassment is what James and I did to Snivelly down at the lake today; it was stupid and it was fun. This  they need be chucked into Azkaban for this, Evans  what they did " He trailed off, unsure of how to proceed.Lily shook her head, tears in her eyes again. She knew he was right, God she knew that. But right now, with her body still aching from the attack and her pride still so bruised, she just didn't care. "I  I can't, Sirius, please, promise me. You won't tell anyone. Not a single person other than Madam Pomfrey, please promise. Promise me."He dragged his fingers through his hair as he stared down at her. Her cheek was bruised; her jaw was bruised; her thighs were bloody and purple; her clothes torn and he remembered the sight of her bleeding and crying on the ground. Her bright green eyes stared up at him with trust and he swore half-heartedly. This was the girl his best mate was in love with. He couldn't deny her this.At least not right now."Alright, fine. But I can't promise I won't beat the shit out of them both whenever I see them." He took her hand again. "I already locked them together in one of the dungeon rooms. Ev-Lily, what if they do this to someone else?"She shook her head. "They won't. They were talking, Sirius  they are leaving the school for good."He snorted. "Good riddance!" When she smiled he leaned down and kissed her bruised cheek so tenderly that the tears started all over again. "You scared the shit out of me, Evans."Lily smiled up at him with gratitude, still so touched by his tender kiss. "Thank you for what you did. I'll never forget it."Sirius smiled at her, his dark eyes searching hers. "You're welcome.""Miss Evans, I need for you to drink all of this." Madam Pomfrey replied returning to her bedside and handing her a glass of amber coloured liquid. "Mr. Black can come back later on."Lily nodded, accepting the potion from the matron before turning back to him. "Promise me, Sirius? No one?""I promise, Evans. Now let Poppy take care of you. I'll come back and see you tomorrow, okay?"She nodded and watched him leave before she took the potion. It was only a few seconds later when she drifted off to sleep.
