 I'm back! I'm soooo sorry about never updating my last attempt at Emma, but like I said, I felt that it wasn't as good as I'd officially hoped and lost interest. I hope that by re-writing it'll spark my interest again so that it will spark more readers' interests. I hope you "oldie" readers will like my new Emma as well. (Edited 7/27/14)Chapter OneLonely Eleven"No," a woman said coldly. "I don't want her. Take her away." "But my dear, she needs a home," a man replied, looking miserable. "A mother and a father. If you give her up, she might never be given to a decent family." "I don't care! I never wanted a child. I never wanted to be a mother, and he never wanted to be a father either," the woman, who was clearly angry, told the man. "I don't want her. TAKE HER AWAY!"I shot straight up from my lumpy bed, panting heavily and drench in cold sweat. It was that nightmare again, the one I've had all my life. Sure, in some nightmares the dialog had been different, but the message was clear. Two parents didn't want their daughter, and that hit close to home, despite my surroundings.I consulted the tiny alarm clock on my nightstand. It was exactly midnight and thoughts were forming in my mind as I got my heart beating at its normal, un-spooked rate. It was my birthday today, and in thirteen minutes I'd be eleven years old. I should celebrate even though the Weasleys would be taking me to Diagon Alley for a day of shopping as my birthday present (though it's actually for school and everyone is going). I couldn't wait to go to Hogwarts!The Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was a school for young witches and wizards to learn to control and expand their knowledge of spells, enchantments, potions, and the like. You are accepted when you're eleven (though I got my letter a few days ago when I was still ten, but it was close enough) and then you progress through seven years of schooling. Seventeen is the legal adult age in the Wizarding world, where you can perform spells all the time without being put on a trial. Under aged wizards could only use magic at school, lest you put on trial. Performing magic in front of Muggles (non-magical people) is also a big no-no.I'm so excited to finally be going to Hogwarts! All the Weasleys have told me about the wonderful school of Hogwarts, and it hyped the excitement I held inside. Charlie the Seeker was the popular one, and so he knew the inner workings of the place, Bill told me about the teachers, Percy advised me on all the good study spots in the library, and Fred and George told me a few tricks of the trade about sneaking around at Hogwarts. Hopefully, I'll make friends quickly and never be caught breaking the rules!Getting up from my bed, I tip-toed over to my closet to slip on my beat up black tennis shoes and to retrieve a light jacket from the bottom of my messy closet. My destination outside would be chilly. Carefully, I made my way over to the door, when a small rustle made me stop in my place. I looked over my shoulder to see Ginny roll over in her bed and begin to snore again.Ginny Weasley was my very best friend in the whole entire world. She'd be my real sister if I had just been born into the Weasley clan, but I'd settle for being her adopted sister any day (plus I don't think I'd look good as a ginger). Oh, how I would miss her when I went to Hogwarts! I snuck over to her bedside to give her a light kiss on her forehead and pulled her purple blanket up to her shoulders before I continued on my journey outside.Sneaking out of the house has always been easy for me, despite Mrs. Weasley possessing a sixth sense about her children. I learned from the bestFred and George. However, their mother caught onto their antics a long time ago, so she keeps a very sharp eye on them. I always try to be a good child so that I can get away with more.To escape, I simply walked out the back door. Creative, eh? I just had to make sure I shut the door as quietly as I could.I strolled through the garden, still being as silent as a church mouse so that the gnomes won't hear me. It was actually because of a gnome that I discovered my magical powers; however I never want to use that strange clear-blue force field against anything ever again. It was soeerie. One second a gnome was trying to bite my legs off then in the next second the mysterious force field poured out of my palms, forming in the shape of a spinning circle which blasted the evil gnome deep into the woods. The woods were my destination today.The woods have always provided me peace from the lively happenings in the Burrow. My favorite place was a small creek were I loved to wad in during the summer and slide on during the winter (which wasn't always the best idea since I often came home with bruises that Mrs. Weasley would inquire about). Yet, since I was always here alone, the only company I had was my thoughts. I often wondered why I lived with the Weasleys, and not my real parents. Were they drunks? Deadbeats? Deadbeat drunks? Was I an accident and they really didn't want kids (as my latest dream suggested)? Sometimes I reduced myself to tears thinking about all the possibilities.Finally inside the familiar enclosure of my woods, I let out a sigh. A Hogwarts without Ginny. Was turning eleven really worth being without my greatest friend? Sure, I'd have Ron to drag around (he turned eleven in March) but Ginny doesn't whine about everything. Fred and George would make sure I'd never be lonely, if they didn't embarrass me completely first. Percy is a Prefect, so I'm going to steer clear of him anyway.At the small creek, I sat on my most loved rock and checked my watch. I'd remain ten years old for only one more minute. So, like many times before, I reminisced on the past decade of my life. Fred and George pulling pranks on me, and then me getting my revenge with relish. Percythe elder to the twinslecturing me to stay out of his room when Ginny and I Hide-and-Seek. Charlie giving me Quidditch lessons so he could have some major competition when we kids had our mini matches. Billthe eldest Weasley childwould always allow me into his impressive library (he got books from friends and old, unused books that the Hogwarts library wouldn't miss) and would always discuss the books I finish in exchange of the use of my hair care products, as he dotes upon his long, red locks as much as he dotes upon Ginny and me. Ron has always been quick to change his mood from liking me to telling me to shove it, yet I knew he loved my presence but he was just too "manly" to show it.Then there was Ginny, my sister, and my highest confidant. We comforted each other, shared very personal secrets and desires, and confessed our fears. We hardly ever fought with each other, but when we did, we both felt miserable and apologized within an hour of the fight. I couldn't hold a grudge, like I do for Ron, with her.Oh, memories.I jumped out of my thought when my watch beeped. It was 12:13. I was finally eleven years old. I leaped off the rock andwith my shoes still onsplashed into the creek and danced in the moon-lit water. Eleven was going to be a new adventure for me, I could tell.Time has no meaning now, as I was having my own birthday celebration splashing in the cool water. Before I knew it, I yawned. I stepped out of the water, but I didn't want to make the trek back up into the house with my wet shoes. I walked a few feet from the creek was found a long mossy patch by an old oak tree. I laid down, using my jacket as a pillow. I soon drifted into a dreamless sleep, having been sung a lullaby from the night sounds.Questions? Comments? Reviews are always appreciated! Oh, and please tell me if Ron's mother's name isn't appearing like it did in my last story. I remember that was a problem. 
