Dear lovely people, please be kind. I want to revamp and re-do this story, and I will try to re-upload and re-write every chapter I've ever written - and continue this story, obviously.I wish everything I've ever imagined for for this story could automatically translate into words but alas, there has been no such invention that could allow me to do so. A lot has changed since I've attempted to re-do this story. I am a lot busier (with my job and internship) but I want to do this. I feel the need to do this.I've also made a tumblr page, if you all are interested in seeing how I imagine everybody in this story. There's also a very nifty submit button if you ever want to submit something. The URL is d-dearsunshine. If you notice, I've had it for a very long time and I have only just introduced it.I hope you enjoy!Although I may not be a lioness, I am a lion's cub, and inherit many of his qualities - Elizabeth I"She dyed her hair! It's a scandal!" A shrill, loud voice exclaimed as she entered the room full of writers. Six writers, not including the editor-in-chief that had just waltzed into the room as if she were a queen, occupied it."Her hair?" one said."Yes her hair! She dyed it blonde!" The original voice exclaimed once more."Blonde? But her brunette hair was beautiful!" another said."That's what I said! Mirazko, find me a quill and parchments!" the obnoxious and loud original voice exclaimed, snapping her fingers in attempt to make her assistant listen.Not that there would be any problem. Mirazko had always been an obedient one but the loud woman always had some need to always feel superior than others."Don't you think you're over exaggerating this entire thing? I'm sure you dyed your hair when you were younger. She's a preteen for Merlin's sake," Mirazko said as she handed her boss her enchanted quill and parchment."Tsk, tsk Mirazko," Frenchie then said as she casted a spell that brought her quill to life and parchment in the air, following closely as they walked towards her office. "You work for Wicked Gossip and everything related to the Princess is valuable and bound to sell."Ordering her assistant to bring her some coffee and pumpkin pasties, Frenchie turned to her objects that were still floating in midair and with the flick of her wand closed the door that separated her office from the rest of 'dumb writers' in the floor."Now write this," she began and formulated sentences in her brain, spewing them out seconds later. "Has the Princess gone wild? Her already stringy yet beautiful chesnut hair has gone completely blonde! Is this a sign saying that this will bring the country to ruin once she - ""I strongly suggest you don't finish that sentence," a commanding male voice was heard in her office, snapping Frenchie out of her thoughts as the little hairs in the back of her neck stood, "Especially when I can make sure you never work in the industry again."He was sitting on her uncomfortable couch, much too soft for his taste, flipping through the pages at the distasteful magazine the woman had on her coffee table, not sparing a glance to the woman who called herself a journalist."King Barron," she exclaimed and quickly bowing, the quill and parchment falling to the floor just as quick.Without a single word from the King, one of his two bodyguards flicked his wand and let the parchment burn."I suggest you don't write things like that about my daughter and the future Queen again," King Barron said standing looking towards the woman before his eyes focused on other things in her office, then taking a seat behind her desk  as if it were his.Before he could continue Mirazko walked in and while trying to balance her boss's coffee and the pasties in one hand and the other arm full of papers that were on the verge of slipping she gasped in surprise and attempted to bow."King Barron!" The redheaded assistant exclaimed, giving a slight bow to the man who had been in the throne years before she was born.Standing from the seat, he went over to help the young woman, grabbing the pasties and the coffee and setting them down on Frenchie's desk.The King couldn't but help himself with the breaded dessert, taking a seat once more, "Who made these?""I did, your highness," Mirazko responding, the stacks of papers were pressed against her chest, her eyes looking down to the floor too scared to glance up."They're wonderful," he responded. "If you would be so kind to write me the recipe and send it over to the castle Miss Jarah, I would love to replicate it."The country's native nodded, feeling quite giddy that the King knew her name, before turning on her heel, closing the door and hurrying back to her desk to begin writing the recipe her Nana had taught her.You could hear the whispers amongst the other writers in the room, gossiping as Mirazko had told who was visiting their lovely editor."Miss Skeeter I would like to know what your problem with my daughter is," the King asked, eyebrow rising in curiosity. "You see, every time I pick up the magazine you run and I fund for, it seems that you are only spreading lies about the future Queen."Frenchie's mouth stayed closed, her lips forming into a tight line that was received with a couple of chuckles from the King's bodyguards. They had dealt with her before, and were aware how she was all talk but no action.When there was no response from her, the King spoke up again, "If you wish to keep seeing this magazine in the stands, you will kindly step down from any preposterous gossip you make up about my daughter."Frenchie's gaped, the usual quick replies dying before they exited her mouth but soon shut at the king's penetrating gaze in slight revolt."I have none, your Excellency," she uttered words that she had lost before continuing confidently, "I can guarantee you that but it is what sells in the streets.""I understand how that works Ms. Skeeter but must you make lies about her?" he asked, turning back to his body guards as he heard Frenchie's voice say she wouldn't let it happen again.The Editor-in-Chief of Wicked Gossip Magazine's gaze dropped to the floor. If her twin sister had been here, she'd probably laugh at how Frances Skeeter was being scolded like a little child in grade school.Rita Skeeter would never let her sister live this down if she knew about it.
