Okay, this is my first Harry Potter FanFiction, I know that the first chapter isn't that great, but it was out of the blue, so hope you enjoy.Disclaimer: i don't own Harry Potter, Harry Potter belongs to and only J.K. Rowling!Chapter 1Jamie Lilliette PotterMinerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress, Head of Gryffindor House, and Transfiguration Professor at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, was walking hastily around the hallways looking for her "niece" Jamie Lily Potter.'Where is that girl?' she thought to herself, 'She was suppose to be back in her room before 8.'Climbing down the stairs and into the dungeons of the school, she opened the door to ask her colleague for help."Severus have you seen  "Professor McGonagall started."Amortentia" said Professor Snape."It's a very strong illegal love potion that is usually either forced upon someone or covertly given. The potion's aroma is unique to each person who consumes it, as it smells like whatever attracts each individual. It is the most powerful aphrodisiac of all. It can also be identified by its characteristic spirals of steam and its mother-of-pearl sheen. If consumed by a soul bounded couple the effects are death" Responded a young girl with hazel eyes and mid waist long red hair."Very good" praised Snape as he gave the young girl a small, rare smile."Lily!" shouted the Deputy Headmistress.Lily jumped of her seat and turned to see her aunt."Oh, hello Aunt Minnie""Don't 'hello' me young lady, you were supposed to be back in your room 2 hours ago" scolded the Minerva McGonagall."2 hours!" the redhead yelled as she looked at her watch, "Oh my god, I'm so sorry, I was just trying to learn more about mom, with Uncle Sev and on how well she was known for her potions and charms, and then it ended up with me having an oral quiz" she explained hurriedly."I'm sorry I didn't mean to make you worried" she said bowing her head down.Noticing that the young girl was really ashamed, she let her face softened up."That's alright, next time try to check your watch more often"Lily looked up at the normally stern professor."Okay""Come along now my dear, I believe Hagrid has already come back from Diagon Alley this afternoon, and has a present for you""For me? Yay! Can I go see him now?" she asked enthusiastically"There's no need for that he is already waiting for you in your room"The two made their way up the dungeons after bidding the Potions Master goodnight. They walked quietly while making their way to their sleeping quarters, with great difficulty from the moving stair cases. And saying goodnight to the Portraits on their way.Inside Hagrid, the Game Keeper of Hogwarts was waiting for them. Once Lily saw him she gave him a huge bear hug."Hey there Lils" he returned the hug, but carefully as to not break her, considering he was rather huge."I got yer present right here" he said as he took out an owl from his jacket."Hagrid, you shouldn't have!" she said astonished while taking and petting the brown barn owl from him. (A/N: here's a picture of her owl: /funnies-bunnies/night-queens-owls/)"It's no problem, since I got him with yer brother's" Hagrid responded."He's beautiful!" she smiled at him.Hagrid laughed."What's so funny?" she asked confused for his reaction."Nothing, just that yer brother had the same reaction to Hedwig" Hagrid answered the confused redhead."Hedwig?""Yer brother's owl""Oh. Well then I guess I should name him shouldn't I?""Well of course, wouldn't want 'im with no name now would we?""Right! Then I guess I'll call him" she sat in her bed and started thinking of different names that would match her new owl, she then smiled and looked at Hagrid with a contented face "Austen""Austen" Hagrid thought for a moment then smiled at her "Now where did yer come up with that name?""It's from a muggle novel I read before. The name is actually Jane Austen from the author, so I decided to name him Austen after one of my favorite muggle writers!""Of course ye would" he looked at her clock and stood up, before kissing her lightly on the head. "G'night Lily" and he walked out of the room.Lily put her new owl in his perch, and went to change into her sleeping robes. Once she was in bed the door opened once more, and in came Albus Dumbledore."Grandpa!" she said."Oh, Lily you should know better than to call me that!" he said in a scowling voice, but his eyes were twinkling with joy, "it makes me feel old"She giggled and said "well at least I'm not calling you Great-Grandfather Albus now am I?""A very good point yes" he said while tapping her noise. Lily settled herself in bed, and looked at the headmaster, who she considered as her grandfather."Is something wrong?" she askedHe smiled and answered, "Nothing really, I just had a feeling that you wanted to ask something""Well I guess your insides were right" she said, paused then looked at Dumbledore and asked, "What's James like?"Dumbledore was taken aback "James? Which James?""James, my twin" she said in a slow shaky voice."James...besides the fact that he looks like your father, but has your mother's eyes, like you have your father's, I know that he has a noble heart like yours."Lily smiled at this, she had always been told that she and her brother looked liked their parents."Really? Well that's good to know" she said yawning."Yes your right, now close your eyes my dear, you have long day ahead of you" the Headmaster said sternly, yet sweet."What do you mean Grandfather?" she asked getting sleepier by the minute, her eyes closing more with each blink."Tomorrow you will meet him, you brother, your twin, Harry James Potter, Lily" he said while watching the young girl fall asleep with a warm smile on her face.He stood up from the queen-sixed bed, and made his way towards the door. He looked back at the young female Potter, and smiled caringly as he saw her hug herself."Goodnight, Miss Jamie Lilliette Potter" he turned and opened the door and left the young girl sleeping within her subconscious.well i hope you all enjoy it, i'll be posting a new chapter weekly for the FanFiction :D while still trying to continue my other FanFic Meeting an Eclipse
