It all started on a typical bright and sunny day; it was one of those warm summer afternoons that the sun gleamed brightly in the sky with an array of puffy white clouds hugging the horizon. The neighborhood was anything but quiet; there were children playing street hockey on the far end of the avenue and two neighborhood busy bodies chatting over the fence while their young children played with toys out on the front lawn. It was on such a day that Marlene McKinnon had decided to keep herself indoors and was oblivious to the beautiful day outside her bedroom window. It was during this sunny August afternoon that she had decided to pack her school trunk for school and amongst sorting her belongings for another year at boarding school, looked at the tired eyes of the girl in the mirror and wondered where the summer had gone. She ran her right hand through her long and matted dirty blonde hair before her fingers got caught in a knot halfway through. She winced and yanked her hand away and quickly tied her hair back into a sloppy bun. Disregarding her hair she contemplated her reflection. The girl staring back at her looked almost defeated; she had tired circles rimming her eyes and a large array of freckles splashed across the bridge of her nose.Marlene always considered herself to be nothing more than plain. Sure, she wasn't all that hard on the eyes but she would never consider herself to be drop dead gorgeous either. Apart from her long and thick black eyelashes she had never really been appreciative of her genetic features. Her skin was far too pale and was a constant reminder for her why she could never truly appreciate summer days like this one. Her face had a splash of freckles but was otherwise flawless and her hair was nothing more than a nuisance for her and more often than not, Marlene would resort to tying it back so as not to deal with it.She managed to tear her eyes away from her mirror and instead focused on the mess surrounding her bedroom. Among the heaps of clothes scattered around the room she also had textbooks and cauldrons and an assortment of other school belongings that had yet to find their way into her trunk.You see, Marlene was not just an ordinary girl who was currently hiding indoors to escape the suns unforgiving rays. At the tender age of eleven Marlene had received her acceptance letter to one of the most prestigious schools for magic: Hogwarts, to be more precise. She was currently on summer vacation awaiting the beginning to her sixth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.It had definitely not been a shock when the large brown barn owl had flown in through their kitchen window and dropped an eloquently handwritten letter embellished with the Hogwarts crest in her lap. Her parents were both of wizarding decent and had been anticipating the letter for quite some time.It was a sharp tapping noise that broke her momentary contemplation. Marlene inhaled a deep breath as she looked over to her bedroom window and recognized instantly the brown owl that belonged to her best friend Lily Evans. She hurried over to the window and quickly lifted it to allow the bird entry. He flew in gracefully, circled the bedroom twice before dropping a pink envelope on the dresser. With a satisfied hoot he settled on the back edge of her desk chair and waited patiently for a treat.Marlene impatiently ripped open the letter and laughed quietly as Lily accounted for what appeared to be one of Lily's 'worst summers' ever. In fact, Marlene had been a little envious that Lily would be spending her summer in France but it seemed that her relaxing Paris getaway had been anything but peaceful.Could I have had any inclination that, of all the places in the world to spend holidays, the Potter's would just so happen to choose Paris?! If that isn't bad enough I had the horror of discovering that they had also chosen the same hotel. No doubt an all new for James and his never ending quest to drive me absolutely mad. He even had the audacity to introduce himself to my family and the Potters even invited us out for dinner!She couldn't help but feel a slight pang of jealousy for her red-headed friend as she read through the contents of the letter. Not that Marlene had feelings for James, nor would she ever want Lily to think that she did  Lily, after all, hated James Potter with a burning passion and Marlene remained Switzerland on the subject. It was merely because she was a romantic at heart and she secretly envied the attention that James had bestowed upon her best friend. Even if he was an 'arrogant bullying toerag', as Lily had recently taken to calling him.Not that I normally think too much on the subject but I found it rather interesting that Black was accompanying them. I knew those two were attached at the hip, but I had no idea that they weren't capable of separating themselves for the summer. Sirius Black was James Potter's best friend and partner in crime. Lily's mention of him brought a slight scowl to Marlene's face as she recollected a forgotten memory of their train ride home at the beginning of the summer.Marlene had been using her reading glasses  something she quite often avoided using as she tended to feel self-conscience wearing. Leave it to Black to unknowingly pick up on one of her weaknesses. While accompanying Potter on his 'farewell to Lily Evans' quest, he had wished her a good summer. It would have been a quite thoughtful and half decent gesture of him to do so had he not added the 'four eyes' bit to the end of it. Which, in retrospect, was quite condescending of him considering his best friend wore glasses.Although, she mused now, he probably wouldn't have hesitated to use the beloved nickname on James in the appropriate circumstance.Marlene did not generally hold an opinion of the Marauders, a self-declared title that the notorious Gryffindor boys had dubbed themselves back in first year. They were well known at Hogwarts for their mischievous pranks and defying antics but had never given Marlene any reason to dislike them. As a rule, they generally left their fellow Gryffindor's alone  with the exception of Lily, whom James had been known to fruitlessly pursue since fourth year.Apart from being partnered with Remus in Potions a couple of times, Marlene had never actually had reason to interact with the boys. Needless to say she was surprised when Black had acknowledged her presence in the train compartment as he normally remained neutral.I finally received the results of my O.W.L.s!Lily's next paragraph broke Marlene's train of thought on her fellow classmates and she quickly pushed her previous thoughts to the back of her mind.Arithmancy: OAstronomy: OCare of Magical Creatures: OCharms: ODefense Against the Dark Arts: OHerbology: EHistory of Magic: OMuggle Studies: OPotions: OTransfiguration: EI really would have liked to round out with all Outstanding's but considering that it is Herbology and Transfiguration I was satisfied with Exceptionals. It gives me something to work towards improving on my N.E.W.T.s next year!Marlene had received the results of her O.W.L.s a few days prior and had been too nervous to open the package. With Lily's reminder on the subject she apprehensively glanced over to her desk to see the large manila envelope poking out from underneath a few scattered textbooks."Thanks Lily," she muttered bitterly before sighing loudly. She couldn't feel upset with Lily for bringing up the subject as she really had been avoiding thinking about it and now was a good a time as any to muster up the courage to explore just how badly she had done the previous year. She had to have known that Lily would bring up the results of her O.W.L.s, Lily loved school.Marlene grabbed the manila envelope and her hands hesitated on the flap. She quickly changed her mind, tossed the envelope onto the bed and walked over to her closed bedroom door to grab a drink from the kitchen. She slowly opened it and peered out into the corridor. The deserted hallway was quiet, much unlike that of the street outside and Marlene hoped to herself that her mother was not at home.She was filled with disappointment when she heard the cluttering of pans in the downstairs kitchen and a women softly humming to a tune she did not recognize.She walked solemnly out into the hall and tried to stall; her mother had been bugging her about the results of her O.W.L.s going on for weeks now and Marlene was slowly running out of plausible excuses as to why they hadn't arrived yet.Walking down the stairs, taking her precious time, she began looking at each of the pictures hanging on the wall. There was many photos of when she was younger; one in particular of her in the bathtub at the age of three, smiling up at the camera and a mountain of soap suds molded into a beard on her face. As she reached the last step she turned the corner and walked straight into the kitchen where her mother was drumming her fingers on the counter and looking aimlessly out the window in the direction of their neighbor's house."That Mary Kanz," her mother said matter-of-factly without removing her gaze. Marlene was startled that her mother had heard her enter the room. "If she insists on vacuuming in her underwear, it would be nice of her to have the decency to shut her blinds."Marlene shuddered.Molly McKinnon turned around and smiled at her daughter. She was a pretty woman and had very similar features to those of her sixteen year old daughter. Her hair was a light mousey brown, short and curly with streaks of grey that framed her face. Her hazel eyes twinkled and her fair complexion gave her the appearance that she was years younger than in fact she was. Marlene had definitely failed to inherit her mother's long slender legs and towering heights as she currently measured 5'4" against Molly McKinnon's 5'9" frame."I thought you were going to keep yourself hidden up there in your room all day. It is a beautiful day outside Marlene, sweetie. You really shouldn't waste it.""I suppose not," Marlene stated dully. She glanced out the front window and watched as the boys across the street continued to play street hockey."Have you looked at your O.W.L.s yet?" Molly McKinnon had turned her attention back out the window and shook her head in strong distaste for her neighbor's behavior."Uh, no." Marlene nervously bit her lip and looked down in embarrassment. She had been telling her mom for weeks that the results still hadn't arrived. She technically wasn't lying to her mother at this moment but she still felt an overwhelming sense of guilt."Oh," Molly pulled her gaze from the window and walked over to her daughter still smiling. She placed both hands on Marlene's shoulders and gave her a firm squeeze. "I saw the letter on your desk dear."Marlene felt her face flush and knew she could no longer keep up with the charade."You'll have to open it eventually," Molly said warmly before she continued to busy herself with the dishes in the sink.Marlene sauntered over to the refrigerator and grabbed a glass of Orange Juice."I think I'd rather just stay inside today," she said simply and Molly nodded while continuing to hum her previous tune.Once inside her bedroom she flipped off the lights and threw herself onto the bed and stared upwards at her ceiling. Apart from the ceiling fan that hung low and often rocked on its hinges when turned on, she had several glow in the dark stars plastered in various constellations over the proximity of her bed.She felt a moment of comfort looking up at the makeshift night sky in her bedroom and for a moment her mind was completely at ease.Her hand brushed against the manila envelope and she snatched it out from underneath her small frame. She lifted the envelope to her eye level and ran her fingers over the elegant scrawl that so neatly stated her name. She hesitated once more before starting to tear slowly at the corner.Despite being apprehensive of her O.W.L. results, she really was looking forward to September 1st which was quickly approaching as the summer days passed by. The summer nights were ending sooner and the chill of an autumn evening was beginning to feel more prominent as the last week of August came to a close.In her moment of weakness, staring at her ceiling and resenting the large envelope still resting in her hands she began to lose herself once more in her thoughts of returning to school. There were so many things to look forward to this year: Hogsmeade, Quidditch, no pressure for N.E.W.T.s until another year, and most importantly her friends. There was Lily Evans with gorgeous long auburn hair and emerald eyes. She was radiant, intelligent and she caused boy's heads to turn when she passed in the halls. Of course, Lily Evans would never admit this. She was far too proud to acknowledge that she was drop dead gorgeous. Not that she probably even cared; to Lily, books and studying was far more important than anything else. She supposed that is probably the reason why Lily hated her biggest admirer, James Potter, who seemed far too concerned with presentation. He was always inflating his massive ego and pestering Lily to date him.Mary MacDonald was another one of her really good friends and also a fellow Gryffindor. Mary was pretty but much like Marlene, both girls were rather plain in comparison to their counterpart, Lily. She had shoulder length dark brown hair and was usually rather tanned having Italian heritage and all. Although not as severely dedicated to her studies, Mary was always exceptional at Herbology; something that Marlene suspected Lily was secretly envious of.Needless to say, Marlene became quite aware that she was stalling from reading the results of her letter. Lily's owl was napping contentedly on his makeshift perch on her desk chair and she was recognizing the need to reply back to her friend before too much more time had elapsed. Marlene was getting bored of not caring as she had been doing it well the majority of her life so she was unsure why today felt any different.She ripped open the letter and forced herself to scan the contents of it.She blinked uncomfortably while trying to focus her eyes in the dim lighting in the room. A small smile played on her lips before she picked herself off her bed and descended down towards the kitchen where Molly was calling the household for dinner.The letter to Lily was going to have to wait just a little longer.September first arrived quickly and the sun was barely a glimmer on the horizon when she awoke an hour earlier than she would have liked. This was most likely due to nerves since she had barely slept throughout the entire night and she decided that it was time to start the day.She tried taking her time showering but realized when she was finished that she had barely used up more than fifteen minutes. After drying her hair and getting dressed in her muggle clothes, Marlene hesitantly applied mascara to her already dark lashes and stepped back to admire her work in the mirror.She was almost unable to recognize the girl staring back at her. Although mascara was the only makeup on her face it made her eyes pop out. She had forced herself a brush through her normally unmanageable hair which was now loose waves that cascaded down to the middle of her back. Of course there were freckles still plastered over her nose and her cheeks flushed light pink in contrast to her unbearably pale skin, yet this somehow didn't bother Marlene like it once used to. She hesitated on throwing her hair into a ponytail but decided against it.She smiled and the girl looking back at her dazzled her with a beautiful grin. Although not the ravishing beauty that was Lily Evans, Marlene felt like the most beautiful girl in the world in that exact moment.She made her way downstairs, trunk in tow, and grabbed a piece of buttered toast that was waiting for her on the kitchen table. The sun was illuminating the entire neighborhood now and people could be seen walking out to their cars on their way to work."Oh Marlene, you look absolutely ravishing today!" Molly McKinnon announced cheerfully. Dave McKinnon smiled in polite agreement before ducking back into the morning newspaper. Marlene swallowed down a large glass of orange juice and glanced at the clock. It was a quarter past eight and time to leave.Arriving at Kings Cross Train Station around half past ten, Dave unloaded the truck from the back of the car and carried it towards platforms 9 and 10. After hugging her mother and father goodbye and exchanging best wishes and a "see you at Christmas," Marlene grabbed hold of her truck and casually leaned against the barrier that separated the two platforms. With a small wave Marlene leaned in and the sight of her beaming parents disappeared as she was suddenly standing on platform 9  and a gigantic scarlet steam engine labeled "Hogwarts Express" rested before her on the tracks.Marlene moved aside as a small boy, presumably entering his first year as he looked unconvinced and was accompanied by his equally skeptical parents, moved through the barrier and almost tripped over her massive trunk. With no inclination to rush, she stood back momentarily to admire the scenery doubting that her friends would even be at the station so early.She watched a fellow Gryffindor student a year her junior pass by looking quite miserable about something, eavesdropped on one mothers conversation asking her blushing son whether or not he packed enough clean underwear  who, by the way, looked around frantically to see if anyone had heard such an embarrassing question followed by a whining "Mooom!"  she even enjoyed watching one Ravenclaw's younger sibling try desperately to board the Hogwarts express after his brother insisting that he was also going to Hogwarts that year. It was when she heard three high pitched giggles to her left that made her break away from watching the father trying to pull the small boy from the handrails he was gripping onto.The three girls weren't hard to recognize and Marlene instantly knew them to be Natasha Madley, Teresa Bletchley, and Sibyl Moon all sixth year Hufflepuff's. Marlene should have known better than to wonder why they were giggling but she followed the direction of their gazes and was less than surprised to discover the object of their hysteria was none other than Sirius Black and James Potter. The two Marauders were standing off to the side of the platform; Sirius was casually leaning against the wall looking nonchalant and James was telling, what seemed to be, a very exciting story as his hands were fully animated while he spoke.Sirius Black was, well ... Sirius Black. He was very tall and muscular, the later no doubt from all his years of being a beater on the Gryffindor Quidditch team. It wasn't a surprise why the normally well-mannered Hufflepuff girls were unable to remove their attention from him. His silky short black hair fell effortlessly into his fathomless grey eyes and he always had a playful smirk tugging at the corners of his lips. He was, in all certainty, extremely attractive.James Potter was also tall and very slim and had the messiest jet black hair of anyone Marlene had ever seen. If possible, it seemed to be even messier than the last time she had seen him. Of course, that was quite possibly because he was constantly running his hand through it and right on cue in conclusion to whatever story he had been telling his hand shot up into his hair.It didn't take long to figure out why he had done this as Lily Evans had walked into plain view smiling and laughing with their mutual Gryffindor friend Mary MacDonald. Marlene stood in the background eyes moving between the scene that was about to unfold before her.Lily was oblivious to James undeniably large grin and the twinkle in his eyes as he made his way towards her. Sirius Black continued to lean against the wall with casual elegance but the playful smile on his lips had receded into a thin line and there was no emotion brewing in his eyes.And then there was Lily, still chatting happily with her friend completely unaware of the egotistical whirlwind headed in her direction. Mary noticed, however. Her smile quickly faded as she caught sight of James over Lily's shoulder and her attempted warning was a fraction of a second too late."Evans!" James shouted. You could see Lily's entire body tense as she recognized the familiar voice and she whirled around quickly with a determined look etched into her features.James didn't stand a chance. That much Marlene already knew. He had barely opened his mouth when he was met with Lily's famous fiery temper."Potter!" she sneered frostily "if you didn't get the hint with the seventy seven unanswered owls you sent me or the three howlers reminding you how much I despise you and your arrogant bullying behavior then let me be the first to remind you today that this year I want nothing to do with you. I don't want to speak to you, I don't want to see you, and I most certainly do not want to date you.""Aw, Evans. Why do you need to be like that?" he replied with a chuckle. However, it was definitely not the appropriate response to the daggers that Lily's eyes were shooting at him in that precise moment. She opened her mouth, no doubt to shout something nasty but Mary quickly tugged at her sleeve inevitably trying to pull her away. Mary did not forget to share the same shooting glare that Lily was administering to James before the two of them walked away in a much different diminishing aura than before the encounter.James didn't look defeated though, if anything he looked more determined than ever as his hand shot instinctively back to ruffle through his hair. "See you later Evans!"Lily ignored him and Marlene watched as the two girls dragged their trunks and bordered the opposite length of the train undoubtedly trying their best to put distance between themselves and two of the infamous Marauders.James and Sirius began moving now and Marlene looked around at the station's clock to determine that it was now promptly five minutes to eleven. She had not realized that she had been aimlessly people watching for so long and she felt a surge of panic for her inapt ability to recognize that she was almost late. She grabbed hold of her truck and moved forward for the first time out of her hiding spot in the shadows and quickly made her way over to the giant engine that was now full forcedly billowing smoke.That was the first time that Sirius Black noticed her and for a moment their eyes connected. It was brief, but it was long enough for her to catch the bemused smile that he gave her before she boarded the train and moved from his eyesight.Marlene could feel herself blushing. It wasn't because she liked Sirius, of course she was fully willing to admit to his attractiveness, but a crush on Sirius Black was not something that Marlene fancied the notion of. Sirius was far too interested in his Marauding capers to have time for dating and girls. It was common knowledge that to pursue a relationship with Black was to find oneself running into a brick wall.Marlene stowed away her trunk and began searching for the compartment that Lily and Mary had undoubtedly hidden away in by now. She found them near the front of the train once again enveloped in energetic chatter, James Potter evidently farthest from their concerns. Lily looked up the second that she heard the compartment door slide open and her smile flickered for a moment before realizing who had entered the room."Oh!" she exclaimed in such surprise that Mary was quick to turn around in an almost defensive nature."Marlene!" Mary exclaimed happily."Oh my gosh! You look amazing!" Lily exclaimed finally. She stood up and crossed the compartment in seconds enveloping Marlene in a gracious and firm hug. Mary followed immediately after and all three girls were grinning widely as they pulled away."Thanks," Marlene said shyly. Taking compliments were never easy for her.Their conversation quickly turned into topics of their summer holidays. Mary had travelled to Greece for the majority of the holidays and neither Lily nor Marlene had had much contact with her since their train ride home two months previous. They listened intently to her as she explained about the two separate boys she had met while away, 'oohing' in all the right places and gasping when appropriate.It wasn't long before Lily excused herself for prefect duties and disappeared into the hall and Mary wandered off to track down the witch with the snack trolley. Marlene suspected that she was secretly meeting up with her on again off again Ravenclaw boyfriend Davey Gudgeon but said nothing to let her friend know of her suspicions.Once again Marlene found herself alone, something that she was finding a great deal of comfort in lately and she shifted her attention towards the open fields that were passing by outside her window.It wasn't long before her peace was rudely interrupted by a loud bang outside her compartment followed closely with shrill feminine shrieking, mischievous snickering and the thudding of feet running down the hall towards her. The compartment door slid open and four boys fell into the room slamming the door behind them."Prongs, that was awesome!""We sure freaked out those third year Ravenclaws!""I bet those first years are crying for their mommies after that one, hey Padfoot?"There was some high fives, appreciative nods and their laughter had failed to subside as Marlene watched dully from her seat in the corner. None of the guys had yet realized that she was sitting in their midst staring straight at them expectantly.She cleared her throat."Oops," Remus Lupin was the first to speak after they all turned at the sound of her cough. Even though he was good looking, Remus was always looking a bit on the tired side. However, today he seemed to be livelier than the last time she had seen him. His sandy blonde hair was neat and properly groomed and although quite slim, he was definitely not as tall as two of his counter parts, James and Sirius.Peter Pettigrew was the fourth member to the infamous Gryffindor group. He was a bit chubbier than the other three and definitely the shortest of the four. His mousey brown hair was a bit longer as though he was trying to achieve the same careless look as Black. His beady brown eyes were large and unsure at the moment as they shifted between the other three silently asking them what to do.Sirius Black flashed a glorious smile."POTTER!" a loud and intrusive female voice broke the awkward silence from outside in the hall."That's our cue mate," Remus said quickly."Tell Evan's I dropped by," James Potter said with a boyish grin."POTTER, I KNOW YOU ARE BEHIND THIS!" the voice was definitely getting closer. The four boys exited the compartment merely seconds before Lily came into view clearly determined to enforce discipline by any means necessary.The rest of the train ride was, to say the least, completely uneventful. Mary took her time returning from the snack trolley and Marlene's suspicions were confirmed when her friend returned with her hair slightly disarray and a pink flush to her cheeks. Lily was completely oblivious as she was absorbed in a book she had begun reading during the holidays.When the train arrived at Hogsmeade station they passed by many nervous looking first year students. Hagrid, the groundskeeper, was calling them over in a loud booming voice and yet none of them seemed overly more at ease when they caught site of his gigantic frame. Lily stopped to encourage a small group of them but their look of skepticism told Marlene that they weren't likely to believe Lily had their best interests in mind.The three girls clambered into one of the awaiting horseless carriages while openly discussing their anticipation of their arrival. On their way they watched as the magnificent castle came into full glorious view as they entered through the front gates. The sun was starting to set and the beautiful array of colors illuminated the dark and enchanting castle. The many turrets were framed by magnificent oranges and yellows and the various flickering candles glowing from inside the windows created an impressive sense of homely comfort.Marlene stepped out of the carriage careful not to take her gaze off of the image before her. As she smiled to herself she whispered under her breath "Welcome home."
