Author's Note: Hi everyone! No, sadly the notification you just received does not mean that I've come out with a new chapter. I'm sorry to disappoint, but I'm releasing this story yet again with some (major) edits. You see, I originally wrote this story when I was twelve, which as you might guess means that it was truly terrible. However, I'm grateful to those who left kind comments. It's you that have inspired me to make this story better!Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or anything affiliated with it. Any recognizable characters, settings, plot devices, etc. belong to J.K. Rowling. This disclaimer will encompass the whole of this story.Chapter One"If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living." - Gail SheehyGinny Weasley twirled around expectantly in front of her dorm mirror, buttoning and then unbuttoning the clasps her of her cloak. She frowned as she pulled at a strand of red hair with distaste. The copper had lost some of its shine since the summer, and it reminded her more of the crackling leaves of autumn. There was a thud as Hermione Granger set down her Charms book."Really, Ginny." Her voice was a mixture of reproach and exasperated amusement. "You've looked the same for sixteen years, now. You ought to be used to it.""I know.""You look fine.""Do I?" Ginny scowled at her reflection, poking experimentally at a freckle. Her gaze strayed to her wand, and she wondered vaguely if she trusted herself not to end up with purple hair or, perhaps, no hair at all. "I could always do it up in a knot or something."Hermione gave a tired sigh. "I still don't understand what the big deal is."Ginny spun around. Hermione lay sprawled out on her bed, her frizzy curls escaping two long braids. She was fanning herself with a bit of spare parchment and looked entirely uninterested in what was happening. Ginny rolled her eyes."How have you missed the reminders?""About the big announcement?" Hermione hardly glanced up. "Dumbledore's making it at the feast tonight, I know."Ginny had the sudden urge to take her friend's book and knock her over the head with it. For how clever Hermione was, she could sometimes be a little daft. "Hermione, what do announcements mean?""Er." The other witch looked stuck. "Information?""Balls." Ginny jumped on her friend's bed, curling her legs beneath her. Hermione looked affronted, but didn't say anything. She poked her in the shoulder. "Dumbledore only makes announcements when we're going to have a ball."Hermione frowned. "Yes, but-""And what do you need for a ball?""Robes?"Her voice rose at the end uncertainly. Ginny pinched the bridge of her nose. Hermione's brain was hardwired for reasoning, and it was bloody frustrating. Ginny closed Hermione's book so that her friend was forced to look at her."Boys." She couldn't keep the excitement out of her voice. "A ball has to do with dates, and dates have to do with boys, and- oh, bloody hell. I forgot to do that shine charm."Leaping off the bed, Ginny tucked the Charms book beneath her arm and hurried to the mirror. She began to leaf through the pages at a rapid pace, only stopping when she saw the words hair, beauty, or shine. Hermione bit her lip."Well," she said, "it doesn't matter. I'll probably just end up going with-""Ron." Hermione flushed a furious red, and Ginny grinned. "I'm ecstatic for the both of you, really, but I need someone to ask me. Tonight, if it's any time soon."A triumphant crow escaped her as Ginny found the right page. She pulled her wand hastily from her pocket. The charm turned her hair a silky red, and it glistened when she turned. Ginny grinned. It was a complex charm, and half the enjoyment came from knowing that she had been the one to do it. Hermione gave her a thumbs-up before checking her watch."Gin?" Her face paled. "We need to go, right now."Ginny swore. "How long until it starts?""Five minutes ago."They exchanged a look. With a flick of her wand, Ginny summoned their trainers from beneath their beds as Hermione scrambled to find their ties. Luckily, their other two dorm mates, Lavendar and Pavarti, were notorious for tidying, and it only took a few moments before the ties were procured.Pushing open the portrait hall, the two of them sprinted down to the Great Hall. Masses of students were already enjoying their dinner. Thick potato soup and heavy bread lined the table, accompanied by roasted turkey and the occasional jug of pumpkin juice. Ron waved energetically at the pair of them, as if Ginny might not have seen him with his flaming red hair."There they are," Hermione said, and there was relief in her voice.Ginny trailed her to the table, taking a seat beside Harry. He and Ron were engaged in a heated discussion about an upcoming quidditch match. Across from her, Hermione pulled a face, and Ginny coughed to keep from laughing."The Chudley Cannons will take it," Ron was saying, his mouth stuffed full of bread. "S'no way they can lose wi' their keeper."Harry reclined in his seat. He looked amused by his friend's antics, and Ginny wondered if half the reason he was arguing was to watch Ron spew food across the table. "The Cannons might have a stellar keeper, but the Harpies' seeker will catch the snitch within the first two minutes. It'll be over before anyone has a chance to score."Ginny pushed her long, red hair behind her and leaned forward conspiratorially. "I personally have five Galleons on a win for the Irish."Both boys set down their forks with identical expressions of outrage. Hermione smothered a laugh with a well-placed choking fit, and Ginny feigned interest in her turkey. Ron looked like he was about to respond heatedly when he was interrupted."Evening, children."Two voices spoke in unison, although they were so similar in pattern that it was difficult to tell. Fred and George plopped themselves into nearby seats, helping themselves to piles of potatoes. Fred wiggled his eyebrows."What's on tonight's discussion plate?"Ron's response was quickly cut off by a grunt of pain. It took Ginny a moment to realize that Hermione had kicked him under the table. A rush of pride filled her, and she grinned. Hermione looked relieved to have avoided another conversation about quidditch."We were just talking about the big announcement, actually. Any ideas on what it will be?"George shrugged. In true Weasley style, his mouth was filled with potatoes, but at least he had the good grace to swallow before speaking. "Not too sure, of course, but there has been many a rumor flying around about a certain Cup returning to Hogwarts.""The Triwizard Tournament?" Ginny raised an eyebrow. "Not seriously."He shrugged. "Nothing's been proven, little sister."To her right, Ginny felt Harry stiffen. His knuckles had drained of blood where he held the knife, and there was a pulse jumping at his throat. It wasn't hard for her to guess what he was thinking of: the last championship before the war, the summer before Voldemort had been defeated."You think there'll be another tournament?" he asked.Fred looked thoughtful. "Not necessarily. That's not all that the Cup can be used for."George grinned impishly. "Oh no, don't rule out the cup yet.""You might just find-""-that the cup may be-""-put to use after all!"Fred winked. In unison, he and George stood and left the table with smug expressions. Though neither spoke, they both took seats beside Lee Jordan. Hermione studied the pair with a thoughtful expression. She absently spooned potatoes on to her plate."Do you suppose they could be telling the truth?"Ron snorted. "Better to ignore them. The owl scat they put in Snape's bed last week has affected their brains."Harry looked impressed. "That was them?"Ron nodded gravely. "I've never seen Snape so livid before. I swear that-"Hermione placed a finger over her lips, cutting him off. Up at the staff table, Dumbledore had stood, and the hall immediately quieted. Heads swiveled from all directions. The Headmaster wasn't smiling. Ginny felt a chill go down her spine, and she was about to whisper to Hermione when Dumbledore spoke."Students." Dumbledore greeted them with a small inclination of his head. "Professors, friends, and colleagues. As you all are by now aware, there is an announcement to be made tonight."There was the clatter of a spoon striking the ground, and all of the students jumped, unnerved. A sheepish Hufflepuff grabbed the utensil off the floor. A couple nervous giggles chased each other around the hall, but the Headmaster's expression didn't change."It will not come as a surprise to most of you that since the war, house unity has become, for lack of better words, unheard of at best."Waves of shock rippled through the crowd, accompanied by a few murmurs. People rarely mentioned the war in present times. But Dumbledore merely went on with his speech, his even expression giving nothing away. Somehow, that only made his next words more frightening."It seems that students have given up on making the effort to live in harmony with the other houses. The Ministry feels that all of you have given up on second-chances, and that will lead to war."Here, the Headmaster paused to look at all of them. Ginny felt a squirm of discomfort register somewhere in the pit of her stomach. If he was implying that she should start chatting up the Slytherins, he might as well have tried to convince a sheep to befriend a lion. Judging by their expressions, many of the other students were thinking along similar lines. Dumbledore continued."The Ministry wishes me to inform you of a new law that will come into place in response to these concerns: the inter-unity law."Small whispers broke out, racing like wildfire around the hall. Each student wanted to make sure that he or she was not the only one lost. Ginny frowned, and the other three adopted similar expressions of confusion. Dumbledore raised a hand, and the hall instantly fell silent once more."The law reads as follows."He snapped his fingers, and a scroll appeared from thin air. The Headmaster unraveled it, but there was something reluctant and weary in his movements. Ginny sat up a little straighter. Dumbledore peered through his half-moon glasses."All witches and wizards over the age of fourteen and enrolled in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry are hereby subject to the inter-unity law. The aforementioned law states that, in order to encourage unity and eventual reproduction between different houses, the Triwizard Goblet will pair various students with other students of a high-level compatibility to their own. These matches will take place over the course of a week, though the union will be in place for life. These students will be expected to complete various courses and other such things in the hopes of an eventual marriage. Thank-you for your understanding and cooperation. Signed Corenelius Fudge, Minister of Magic."Ginny's throat closed. Horror reared its ugly head, and she felt the sudden urge to vomit. There was no way that she was cooperating with someone so bloody thickheaded as Fudge. She sneaked a look at the other three, whose faces were twisted into masks of disbelief. Hermione looked ready to cry."Punishment for disobeying this law," Dumbledore said, "is Azkaban."The silence was deafening. Every student was at a loss for words. Ginny could hear her own heart pounding in her ears, and her mouth felt dry. Professor McGonagall stood, and the scraping of her chair sounded like a gunshot in the silence. Ginny would have covered her ears if she could remember how to move."Your parents have yet to be informed. We thought it best-" She broke off, clearing her throat, then tried again. "It would be best if you informed them yourselves."Her lips were pinched into a thin line as she took her seat once more. Dumbledore raised a silencing hand once more, although this time it was unnecessary, because no one looked ready to speak."If you would all be so kind as to miss dessert this evening, I think a good sleep is in order. Lessons will proceed as usual tomorrow.""Do not believe that you can trick the cup this time around."It was Snape that had spoken. He appeared to be the only one unruffled by the announcement, and like some giant bat, he rose from the table, his black cloak falling around him. His mouth was crooked in a half-smile."I've brewed a complex potion that none of your incompetent minds may begin to fathom. Beards will not be your only problem this time."He turned his hooked gaze on the Fred and George. The twins glared at him but made no sound, as seemingly mute as the rest of the students. Dumbledore took this as his cue and stood, addressing the crowd."Please drop your names in the cup outside the hall as you exit. The pairing will begin tomorrow."Then, with blatant disregard for any sort of formality, the Headmaster disapparated from the hall with a loud crack. Five hundred students gaped in minute horror at the spot that he had vanished from. Slowly, Blaise Zabini stood, his hand trembling."Those bloody Ministry cretins!"At the last word, the fork in his hand snapped cleanly in two. Beside him, Draco Malfoy dully pushed another fork towards him.The noise started low, and then steadily grew until the hall was in an uproar. Students were cursing at the top of their lungs. A Gryffindor next to her was telling the Ministry where exactly they could stick their inter-unity law, and it involved a few choice words that Ginny had never heard before. She caught sight of Luna comforting a crying first-year, and she began to shove her way through the crowd when a red-faced Ron caught her shoulders."Who's going to write to Mum?"Ginny blinked. "What?""Mum!" His voice was saturated with hysteria. "I can't be the one to do it! Ginny, you're the favorite, so you'll have to do it."Ron's hands were digging into her shoulders, and she tried to squirm away, but her brother had a firm grip. "Ron, quit it. You're hurting me."But he wasn't listening. "All of those expensive weddings and four in one go, I can't even imagine the hours that dad will have to work"The room was starting to spin as Ron kept talking, occasionally shaking her shoulders for emphasis. The walls were bending in on her uncomfortably. Her neck was hot. She could hear her own breath as if from a distance, uneven and labored. Ginny was vaguely aware of Harry jostling his way through the crowd."Ron!"Her brother cut off halfway through his tirade. Harry was saying something, gesturing to her angrily, but she couldn't hear anything. Ron went pale. His fingers were uncertain on her shoulders. His mouth was moving but he, too, had become mute.The spinning grew worse, and then Ginny was falling. Disjointed, she watched herself pitch forward, crumbling into her brother's arms amidst the screaming, panicked students. Harry slapped her a little on the cheeks. And then everything was black.
