Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Sorry.A.U.Every Tuesday Severus Snape would go over to the lake to meet his friend Lily Evans. They had both just finished their Defense Against the Dark Arts O.W.L and they were meeting at the tree down by the lake to study for their Transfigurations O.W.L. Severus was reading a text on how to transfigure an alligator into a bathtub when he heard the most unpleasant noise."Oy there's Snivellus!"Severus looked up to see his most hated rivals. Potter, Black, and Pettigrew...the a blink of an eye Severus shot up from where he was sitting and drew his wand, just to have it blown out his hand by James Potter. Then Black hit Severus with an Impediment jinx making sure he couldn't move, and then Potter levitated him into the air above the ground."So, how did you do on your O.W.L Snivelly?""I saw him,"answered Sirius. "His big nose was hitting the parchment when he was sitting upright!"Severus glared at Sirius and then returned his glare to James."I bet you that your parchment is just riddled with grease marks, eh Snivelly?"Severus took this opportunity to shout a couple of choice swears towards the Marauders."Whoa kiss your mother with that mouth? Scorgify!" Pink bubbles erupted from his mouth.Then from the corner of is eye, James saw Lily Evans come into view with a look on her face that would send a grown man into tears."Well if it isn't my favorite little hell-cat!""Save it Potter! Let Severus go! What did he ever do to you anyway?""Well its the fact that he exists.""Charming Potter, let him go!"James smiled, "Of course just as long as you go out on a date with me.""I'd rather go out with the Giant Squid!" "Oh, how cruel Evans!," Sirius retorted."Cancel the spell Potter," Lily demanded as she drew her wand."Evans don't make me hex you.""Release him now!""Go out with me and I'll never hex ol' Snivelly ever again!""Don't do it Lily," shouted Severus."Shut it!" James then hit Severus with a Stunning Hex."You hideous disgusting toerag!" Lily then raised up her wand only to have Sirius disarm her."Thanks Padfoot.""Anytime Prongs."Pettigrew was overcome with joy seeing Snivellus getting what was coming to him for being a damn Slytherin. Now none of the Marauders happened to see the Hufflepuff Prefect that walked with a purpose towards them."Alright Snivellus lets finish this."Lily closed her eyes as James raised his wand to hex Severus waiting for the inevitable, but it never it came. James Potter was still; no movement came from his body."Prongs? Oy Prongs, you alright?"James Potter did not move or answer Sirius. It's as if he was frozen in time."Padfoot, what happened?""I don't know Wormtail!" Sirius then turned to Lily. "Did you do this Evans?""No she didn't, I did."Sirius, Lily, Peter,and turned toward the new voice(all Severus could do was turn his head.) They saw a Hufflepuff prefect was standing next to the tree where Severus once sat. Lily recognized the prefect as Samual Yalarad a wizard who excelled in all courses and kept to himself. Lily wondered what he was doing here now."As you can see your friend James here is caught in the moment," Samual explained to Sirius and Peter."Alright look, I don't know who you are just cancel your jinx or charm or whatever the hell it it and go on your way. This isn't your problem," Sirius warned Samual."Well I'm making it my problem," Sam answered Sirius.Sam motioned to Severus."Now cancel the spell Black.""You're such a goody two shoes you do it!""No, I said YOU cancel the spell. You do it.""Or what," spat out Pettigrew.A moment of silence came over the entire group, it was so quiet you could hear a pin drop. Then Sirius cast a Stinging Hex towards the nosy Hufflepuff. Sam easily side stepped pulled out his wand and cast a jinx towards Pettigrew which hit its mark and had him hanging upside down in Levicorpus. Severus then thought to himself how many people know his jinx. Sirius and Samual dueled each other trying to get the advantage over the other. Actually it was more like Sirius was dueling and Sam was effortlessly countering Sirius' numerous hexes and jinxes and frustrating the hell out of Sirius.Samual then decided to put an end to this petty spat."Anteoculatia!"Within seconds of hitting Sirius with that hex; antlers sprouted out of his head."AHHH! WHAT THE BLOODY HELL?""Stupefy!"Sirius then fell over unconscious and it was over just as it started. Samual then walked over and then picked up Lily's wand and then returned it to Lily"I believe this is yours.""Thank you."Samual then went over to Severus who was still caught in Levicorpus and uttered the counter-jinx."Liberacorpus."Severus then fell down from his magical bonds, landed in the grass, and then walked over to Lily."Are you alright Lily?""I was about to ask you the exact same thing Sev."Lily then looked to Sam."Thank you.""Don't mention it Lily." Sam smirked, "Someone had to put those clots in their place.""Wait just a minute," Severus interjected. "How do you know my jinxes let alone those idiots."Samual then picked up his bookbag and took out a Potionsbook.An Advanced Potions Book.Severus' Advanced Potions Book in which he put his spells he had invented."But how?""I saw Black take the book out of class when Professor Slughorn wasn't looking. James and Sirius made a mistake giving Pettigrew the book for safe keeping," Sam explained. "So when Pettigrew wasn't looking I nicked the book off of him with the intent of returning it to you, but curiosity overwhelmed me and I sneaked a peak."Severus looked at Sam."You didn't happen to read any further into my book?" He then took the book back."Absolutely not, just the pages I saw Black looking at and nothing else.""Well thanks for returning my book and thank you for, umm... helping with local pest problem."Samual smiled, "Anytime, I'll catch you two later."Samual then walked towards the Great Hall then stopped."Hey."Severus and Lily looked at Sam."Listen I was going to the Great Hall get some lunch, and study for my Herbology O.W.L. Would you two like to join me?"Severus and Lily looked at each other and then back to Sam."I think I speak for both Lily and myself when I say we would be delighted to join you," Severus responded."Yeah lets get something to eat and help each other study," Lily proclaimed.Severus smiled as he gathered his belongings. Then Lily, Severus, and Samual walked to the Great Hall. A Gryffindor, a Slytherin, and a Hufflepuff. Surely it was the beginnings of a beautiful friendship.
