Teddy looked at his jaw line in the mirror. Closing his eyes, he clenched his mouth, pouring all concentration into his jaw region. He opened one eye, only to find that nothing had changed. Except his nose. Somehow his nose decided to take on the form of a pig snout. Disgusted, he morphed it back to normal and tossed the Transfiguration book he had been studying into his trunk. He had thought that maybe being a metamorphmagus would make this entire process easier. If anything, it only served as a distraction.With the book now in his trunk, Teddy supposed that was the last thing. He was officially done packing for Hogwarts. For the last time. His seventh year had crept up on him. Sure he noticed that more and more Weasley children had joined him every year, but it really did seem odd that his journey through the magical castle would end in just one year. He carefully zipped the trunk shut and stood it right side up, leaning it against the foot of his bed. He looked at himself in the mirror again. Something- fatigue probably, from trying to change his jaw line for so long- had made parts of his hair revert back to its natural black. Teddy closed his eyes and felt his face and hair morph around him. When he opened them again, he had his father's brown hair and his mother's heart shaped face. That was the look he tried to keep to at all times. The perfect mixture between his parents. Glancing down from the mirror, he saw that picture of the two of them smiling up at him. There were so few pictures of them together, and what with the war going on at the time of their marriage, Teddy was surprised they even ever got a picture together where they looked this peaceful and happy. He smiled sadly down at them but promised that he'd make the most out of his last year."Teddy? Are you ready?" his grandmother's voice rang from down the stairs.Teddy snapped his attention away from the family picture. Grabbing his wand, he levitated his trunk out the door and down the stairs, landing it neatly next to his grandmother.His grandmother certainly did not look old. Most people were surprised when she told them that Teddy was her grandson, not her son. It must have been one of those noble Black genes- always looking young, fit, beautiful, even regal. She had the perfect posture that was expected of every pureblood Black, and her hair was still a strong, very dark brown that was nowhere close to turning white anytime soon. Her eyebrows were arched down in her expecting, waiting face, but softened when she saw Teddy walk down the stairs after his trunk. She was stern with him and had sent him more than a few Howlers during his time so far at Hogwarts. She made sure not to spoil him no matter how much she wanted to. Harry did enough of that. And she was pretty sure her strict ways had paid off. Teddy had never let fame get to his head. He never boasted about having Harry Potter as a godfather. He was respectful towards adults, and most importantly, he never forgot his parents or how they had died for his future."Harry said he'd be here soon," Andromeda said gently. She could tell that something seemed to be bothering Teddy. No matter how much he morphed, she could always tell when he was upset. "How are you feeling? Surely not nervous- you're a seventh year now!""Right." Teddy lowered his head, exhaled deeply, then looked back up with a full smile across his face, letting the mild depression slip away. "Just sad to leave you again," he grinned cheekily."Foolish boy," Andromeda muttered, but could not help feeling tears beginning to form in her eyes. This could be the last time he lived with her who knew what he could be doing after Hogwarts? Well the question wasn't what he could be doing, but rather what he would be doing. Teddy Lupin was so impossibly intelligent that he could do anything he wanted to after Hogwarts. Andromeda attributed this drive for intelligence to herself. She had similarly studied so hard during her time at Hogwarts that she had paid no attention to all those pure bloods who had tried to woo her. That, and also because ever since Teddy could talk, Andromeda had been, and she wasn't very proud to say so, but she had been constantly infusing the young boy with a fear of letting his family down. She would tell stories of his parents' heroics, of Harry's heroics, until she knew Teddy could not help but feel the pressure of having to achieve something incredible. Sure, all of the parenting books would say that was a horrible way to raise a child- that the child should choose his own path and find his own person rather than be in constant comparison with others. Andromeda disagreed. After all, she had raised arguably the most brilliant student Hogwarts had seen in a while. She would miss him oh so much. Well, there was still one more year.Teddy wrapped his arms around his grandmother and squeezed tightly one last time before he heard the knock on the door. Andromeda opened it with a wave of her wand, and in stepped Harry Potter."Teddy! Ready for your last year?" Harry beamed as he gave his godson a quick hug."Yeah, my stuff is all down. Where is-""RAWR!" A blur of red hair popped out from behind Harry and attached itself to Teddy, trying to knock him down. James Potter smiled up at Teddy ."Teddy! Teddy! I'm starting my second year. Y'know what that means?" James asked, jumping up and down."You finally get to try out for the Quidditch team." Teddy stated matter of factly. He had heard this all summer now."Yeah!" James finally released him and zoomed around the house as if on a broom. "Dad doesn't think I have enough concentration to be a Seeker. I was thinking Chaser though, wouldn't that be awesome? Or Beater. I would love to hit that Kevin Gossler right off his broom. He used to mess with my Potions stuff all last year. REVEN-""Alright, that's enough from you," Harry sighed, slapping a hand across James' mouth. "Get back into the car."James seemed undeterred by his father's exasperation and charged out of the house into the Ministry car that always took the Potter and Weasley family to Kings Cross."Bye grandma," Teddy smiled, turning around to give her one last hug."Study hard," she returned. The same phrase she used every year when seeing her grandson off. Teddy proceeded to follow James to the car, levitating his suitcase in front of him."Bye Andromeda," Harry said, "Come over for dinner tonight. We're having a mini feast for the departure of a few of the rascals."Andromeda nodded and closed the door as Harry left, following his godson in the Ministry car for the last year.-v-v-v-"Hi Teddy!" everybody inside the car greeted. You wouldn't think that many people would normally fit into the car, but of course the Ministry cars were all expanded to fit as many people as the Potters would like. Teddy hunched over and waved awkwardly as he made his way over to the last available seat next to Victoire Weasley. Her strawberry blonde hair was perfectly straight and seemed to blow glamorously in the wind every time somebody so much as took a breath. She was of course, incredibly beautiful thanks to her Veela heritage, and not so bad looks from her dad as well. She smiled welcomingly as Teddy seated himself next to her. On her other side was her father, still with long red hair and the ever present scars that made Teddy shiver every once in a while. Next to him was his wife, who was even more beautiful than her daughter and knew that her beauty surpassed anyone else's in the car, and even anyone else's who would be at Kings Cross. Next to her were Victoire's other siblings. Teddy couldn't really keep track of which year they were in, although he was pretty sure Louis wouldn't be starting for a while and that Dominique was either a second or third year. Harry scooted into the front row of the car next to James and James' white owl, Buzz. And that was it. There would be no new Weasleys or Potters joining Hogwarts this year. Teddy thought about how wide the Ministry car would have to expand by the time little Lily Potter was in Hogwarts, along with Rose, Hugo, Albus, Fred there were always too many Weasleys running around. Teddy was suddenly glad that he would never have to experience a car full of all of them. Then he felt a bit guilty, but he was sure even Harry was not looking forward to all those chaotic car rides."How has your summer been, Victoire?" Teddy asked. He liked Victoire. A lot. But not in that way. In a favorite cousin sort of way. Having known Victoire for so long, he was just about immune to all of the seductive Veela ways every other boy in Hogwarts seemed to be enchanted by. She was the only Weasley that was close to his age. Sure she had been a tad annoying when she first started Hogwarts, but she stopped clinging onto Teddy almost immediately after they arrived at Kings Cross and she found her own group of friends. Since then, Victoire had been extraordinarily popular at Hogwarts- too popular for her own good, as Uncle Ron would say- and Teddy was one of the lucky few she still was able to spare time for. They had drifted apart in his fourth year, entered a somewhat awkward stage in his fifth year, but now they could look back and simply laugh. She wasn't conceited with her beauty as Dominique looked like she might turn out to be, which made girls willing to be friends with her and take beauty tips from her. And yet she was so effortlessly beautiful that boys all flaunted after her. Teddy had accidentally walked in more than once on his roommates comparing all of the Hogwarts girls, always placing Victoire at the top. Teddy reasonably did not participate in these kinds of activities. He hadn't seen Victoire all summer, since she had been in France visiting her mother's side of the family."Great. Really great. I missed you though.""Ooooh!" James cooed from the front seat, turning around and glancing between Teddy and Victoire eagerly. Victoire gave him one of her evil Veela stares that made him pout and turn around. They let the grownups talk amongst themselves for the rest of the car ride, knowing they had a full year, albeit the last year, ahead of them.
