Authors Disclaimer: Harry Potter belongs to J.K Rowling and the idea of reading the books is not mine. I've read multiple stories like these but I noticed Ron is barley used to go back in time unless accompanied by someone else and I wanted to give it a hot. If anyone does know a story with the use of Ron please tell me, I want to make sure I don't steal any of their words. I checked but only found one. I can't promise regular updates because I'm moving soon and I'm kind of "borrowing" my uncles computer. Oh and if anyone can tell me how to put a line after a paragraph that would be appreciated. Please give criticism as this is my first story! Sorry of there are any mistakes with the format.3 months after the Battle of HogwartsRonald Weasley was currently in the middle of a heated debate with his conscience on the seventh floor corridor. Much to Ron's dismay his conscience believed going to the kitchen for a late night snack unacceptable and a waste of time. Ron was thoroughly convinced his conscience had been replaced, or because of the lack of nourishment spouting out nonsense, because really, since when was food a waste of time."Honestly, we both know this is an excuse to avoid confronting your task. Might I add this was your brilliant idea, well mine's really because well you aren't nearly smart enough to come up with such an idea. Now open the bloody door," scolded an infuriating voice in his head, which suspiciously reminded him of Hermione.After insulting his conscience, but not denying the accusation, he looked up at the door he's been avoiding for the past minutes. He was terrified of what he was about to do. A small smile appeared on his lips as he thought about Hermione. Knowing Hermione she'd be muttering about how they were breaking numerous laws and listing the things that could possibly go wrong. Harry would probably already be in the room. He never had such a large appreciation for Harry though; being a self-sacrificing person was bloody difficult! Still being a Gryffindor, he mustered up all the courage he had and opened the door to the room of requirement. As he entered he muttered, "stupid conscience."Ron looked around the room, it was empty bar a dirty blond-haired girl and a bag. She was sitting indian-style on the floor and engrossed in an ancient runes book. He approached her and lightly tapped her on the shoulders. Her cerulean eyes looked up and met his gaze. She had lost her dreamy expression after the war and was replaced with a somber look. He was surprised to find unshed tears in her eyes but he understood, losing a friend had always been hard on Luna."Hello Ron," she greeted in her cheery voice. Trust Luna to still try and be cheerful even when she was ready to break down in tears. "Did you say goodbye to everyone," she questioned despite knowing the answer."No," he replied. There wasn't anyone to say goodbye to. The loss of Fred had destroyed the Weasley's. George was either locked up in his flat, or getting pissed every night and bringing strangers over. Percy had survivors guilt, Charlie had escaped to Romania to avoid seeing mum who had become depressed and closed off. Ginny was constantly crying and their father had lost his cheery attitude. Bill was the happiest but it wasn't surprising since Fleur was expecting a baby girl in a couple of months. Ron had finally had enough and decided he would bring Fred back. Unfortunately, in that process he had become absorbed in finding a solution that he distanced himself from Hermione and Harry. Both had tried to stop him in his efforts but were unsuccessful and had decided it was better to help with the rebuilding of Hogwarts. Anyway he knew seeing any of them would convince him to abandon his task.Ron had finally found a lead but he knew he wasn't bright enough to do it on his own. Hermione was out of the question. He asked Luna for help and she agreed. She had become his confidant and was the only one he could rely on. They had found an ancient ritual that would allow someone to go back in time. One problem though was Fred's death was recent and the ritual required a minimum of ten years. Ron then remembered Harry and decided to give him a better life and save everyone, including his uncles. He would go back to the time of the Marauders, more specifically their seventh year and convince them to join them in his efforts to save the wizarding world. Ron was still quite impressed with his brilliant idea. Another problem was convincing the people to agree with him. Luna had devised a plan to copy Harry's memories into a book. Apparently many wizards wrote their auto-biographies through this. Ron had agreed because knowing himself he would forget important information and he believed the time spent reading (as much as he hated it) would allow for bonding time. It was a tricky spell and of course the hard part was getting the memories. Harry was a bit paranoid about people approaching him with a wand and would probably want to know exactly why Ron was pointing his wand at him. It had taken a powerful sleeping draught placed in Harry's dinner (when he wasn't looking) and then carrying him to the Room of Requirement (Luna had pointed out she could have floated him here, but Ron thought his idea much more heroic even though it was obvious he forgot ). Seven books were created, really did Harry have to make everything so bloody difficult by creating numerous books that were clearly very lengthy."Okay then, lets start," replied Luna knowing Ron didn't want to think more on the topic. She knew how hard this was for him, especially knowing what the final outcome would be. She was trying to stay happy, but she was sad to lose a friend. Ron was closer to her than anyone, including her father.Luna rose to her feet and handed him the bag filled with the books. Ron had already taken the strengthening potion to withstand the journey back. Ron stood in the middle of the room and Luna embraced him, not caring that she was probably cutting off his air supply. Ron held her tightly and tears were pouring down their faces. This would be the last time they would ever see each other and neither wanted to let go. No words were exchange, both afraid it would lead to convincing him to stay. They both knew what they wanted to say; Ron would express his gratitude and she would express her sorrow. Ron let go of Luna and with a tearful expression on her face she left the room. He was alone.Ron took one last glance look at the room. He was still surprised it hadn't been completely destroyed in the battle. Closing his eyes he repeated the incantations Luna had helped him memorize. He felt his air supply close off and with a loud pop he was gone.Authors note: Why Harry and Hermione aren't part of the mission will be revealed later as well as the characters I chose. Please review!
