Disclaimer: I don't own anything about Harry Potter. Not the books, the movies, or anything else.Warning: This contains a homoerotic relationship between Harry Potter and Sirius Black. That would be Taboo, gay, sex. It will probably be quite graphic in certain bits, but we're not anywhere near that at the moment. I'll warn you again when we are.A/N: Yes! All the movies are out! Of course, I read all the books first- but now that all the movies are out I can insert shameless spoilers wherever the fuck I want! Which makes me much more comfortable writing fanfiction about it! I will mention here that there's a bunch of people alive in this fanfic who died in the series. So... don't waste my time telling me that people are dead... I know that... I miss them... so I revived them!Enjoy!"I can't believe it's really the last day." Hermione exclaimed excitedly to her best friends.Actually it was the day afterthe last day, but she'd insisted that they stay a day longer at Hogwarts to help the house elves clean up the castle and grounds. Harry and Ron hadn't been to eager about the idea, but Hermione was either ignoring that, or completely oblivious to their lack of enthusiasm."Harry? Harry!"The boy who lived looked up in shock at his brilliant-minded friend."Harry have you heard a single word of what I've just said?""No." He answered honestly, getting up and walking out of the Gryffindor common room. He needed some time to clear his head. Summer. He'd made it through school and he'd be going back to Sirius. At eighteen years old he should have been a proud graduate, going off to sort out a life for himself. Still, for some reason he had no desire to move out of his Godfather's house. He felt something pulling him to stay there, some sort of want or need that he hadn't yet even realized he wanted or needed.As he walked silently down the corridor his eyes were attracted to a movement on the wall to his right. That was odd. The room of requirement was opening for him... he hadn't even asked for anything.Curiously, he opened the door and stepped inside. His eyes widened. Clearly displayed before him in the middle of the room, was the Mirror Of Erised. It did make sense then. Harry had been thinking about how he needed to know what he needed. How ironic.Harry slowly stepped towards the mirror. At first it displayed the usual image: his parents on either side of him with their hands gently rested on his shoulders. Simple and sweet, but with a ripple that image disappeared. And another began to form. So it was as he'd suspected, his heart had grown to desire more than one thing.He stepped closer to the reflective glass, gazing curiously at himself. Now, he saw Sirius. In the image, Sirius was embracing him from behind, placing gentle kisses on his neck. Instinctively, Harry's hand flew to his neck. But of course, there were no lips there. This was simply a mirage. Something that existed only within Harry's heart, and now his mind. Sirius would never feel the same way, and even if he did-he wasn't the type to consider his best friend's son as a potential lover.Harry frowned. What good was it to know what you wanted most in the world, if you could never actually have it? First his parents, and now a romantic relationship with his Godfather. This mirror was completely useless.He trotted out of the room at a hasty, annoyed pace. Stupid mirror didn't actually help him do anything but get even more confused. As if that wasn't enough- he was given the shock of a lifetime upon re-entering the common room. He actually almost walked right back out to get his head together, but it was too late. He'd been spotted... by Sirius.Sirius mother-fucking Black. No escaping it now, he was right here, and this time it wasn't just an unauthentic reflection. It was the real deal. How was Harry so sure that Sirius wasn't his imagination? That would be because the older wizard was sitting in an arm-chair grinning like a fool. If Harry had been imagining him, they'd already be passionately tongue-wrestling."Hey, Sirius." The teen said somewhat sadly, feeling quite tormented by the Animagus' handsome features. "What are you doing here?"Sirius rose from his seat and smiled all the more, clearly not picking up on his godson's woeful mood. He hugged Harry tightly. "Gryffindor once, Gryffindor forever. I believe I have just as much a right to be here as you, young master Potter. We're both former students now."Harry ignored the man's friendly chatter, breathing in deeply and taking in Sirius' delicious scent. "I missed you, Sirius." He mumbled into the elder's chest honestly. It was extremely difficult for Harry to remain mad while being embraced by him. Even if it was from the front, and even if it didn'tinclude any kissing of the neck. This would have to be enough. He blushed at his less than school-appropriate thoughts, but luckily his godfather wouldn't be able to see the offensive tinge of his cheeks at that angle."I missed you too, Harry. We haven't even spoken face to face since... the winter holiday, I believe? Yes, that was it. How does it feel to be a Hogwarts graduate?" Sirius asked, looking down a the top of his favourite godson's head - ok, his only godson's head... But that just gave him one more reason to be his favourite. Harry heaved a heavy, annoyed sigh - pulling away slightly so he could look at the man's attractive, slightly wild features once more."Annoying. You'd think that after defeating Voldemort the professors would go a littleeasier on me. Ron and I wouldn't have even passed any of our final exams if it weren't for Hermione sharing her notes."Sirius chuckled, kissing Harry's hair softly. "I'm certain that you're incorrect, Harry. You can do anything you put your mind to.""Sirius... am I... special to you?" Harry asked. It didn't seem too forward of a question- but unfortunately, Sirius didn't take it seriously anyway."Of course. You're special to everyone. You're the boy who lived." He said sarcastically."Twice, in fact." Ron added on, walking down the steps with his and Harry's trunks levitating behind him.Sirius laughed softly at the ginger's joking comment. "Yes, I keep forgetting. You're the boy who lived twice. That makes you even more special, doesn't it?"The parselmouth rolled his eyes and walked over to sulk on the couch- clearly disappointed that no one had paid much attention to the real meaning behind his question. Even Ron Weasley and Sirius Black were smarter than this, right?"Oh don't be so bitter, Harry. You really are special to me."Harry ignored Sirius, turning to face the fire place. He hadn't wanted to be bothered with the older Gryffindor yet, anyway. He was supposed to have an entire train ride to his thoughts while Ron and Hermione were off in some other compartment snogging their lives away. Then, he'd reach King's Cross station and be greeted by Sirius and Remus, fully mentally prepared for a summer at number twelve Grimmauld place.That was the ideal situation. Instead, he'd suddenly realized a sexual attraction to his own godfather, and not two minutes afterwards, said godfather had unexpectedly showed up in the common room- surely thinking that he was helping out by saving Harry from the train ride. Then perhaps they'd meet up with Remus and Tonks- or maybe not... they had a fairly new baby, they might be busy that summer."Where's Professor Lupin?" Harry asked, daring again to look up and face his father's best friend. He saw slightly concerned sapphire blue orbs gazing back at him."He's busying himself with family life, I believe. He'll be over tonight for dinner. Let's not change the subject though. Sorry for poking fun at your question, but I want this to be very clear: you are Harry Potter. Because of that, you are special to me. If you weren't the boy who lived, or the chosen one, or my godson, or a hero, or the child of two of my dearest friends- even if you weren't a wizard. You would still be you- and I would still love you for that. Do you understand?"Harry nodded, feeling a smile dance across his face. Sirius was smiling back at him, happy that Harry was out of his brief depression. But Sirius would never understand the smile on his godson's face. He would always think that his words were reassuring, comforting, kind- something that any godfather would say. He didn't realize that none of what he said mattered, except for one tiny little detail, that he'd barely thought up.He'd said it offhandedly, and not exactly directly, or romantically. But he'd said it, and Harry would hold on to that for as long as he had to.Sirius Black said he loved him.A/N: Not too horrid, I hope? There are probably some errors here and there. I'm aware of that, so there's no need to tell me unless you REALLY want to... Please drop a review! Love you for reading,-Beloved
