Sorry I'm having a writer's block on my Star Trek Abigail story I'm into a HP mood atm. I think Pottermore's at fault. / sorry for my fail at being seamus...Francheska FinniganSame year as harry & co.shy and slight stutters, good at potions and DADA, Charms and Care of magical creatures. Small figure, sort like a pixie. She's as short as seamus. Seamus is the protective looking out for younger sibling, type of brother.Beginning..My twin brother, Seamus, grabbed my hand and ran towards the train station pillars. Mam and papa are pushing our carts."come on ches, we got to hurry," Seamus was pulling my hand. I gripped onto his hand tighter so I don't loose him.Papa's voice was directed towards us, " Seamus you're going to break your dear sister's arm if you keep pulling like that. The train won't leave without you."Seamus started slowing down and stopped pulling on my hand.I looked up at him with my bluish green eyes, " thank you Seamus." It was barely a whisper.However he indeed heard it, he had to, I always was the quiet one. Seamus and I ran through the portal to 9 3/4 as our parents instructed. Our parents were right behind us. I'm surprised they didn't hit us as we were standing there blinded by its beauty.I heard mama bend down to my height whispering to me, " Francheska this is only the beginning, wait till you get to the castle, that's where the magic and most beautiful lies."I looked up at mama and smiled. Mam was giving me my coat and gave me a kiss on top of my head," be safe, and keep Seamus out of trouble."I nodded, " alright mam."Seamus heard what she said and protested, " I'm a good kid mam!"Mam laughed a bit and kissed top of his head, " yes you are. but magic seems to be topsy turby with you."While mam said bye to Seamus, I said bye to papa, then we reversed it. I got to my cart and started pushing it as mam and papa went back to the muggle world. Seamus caught up with me, " Woah wait ches, excited are we?"I beamed a smile back at him as we headed to the entry way to get on the train. I picked up my owl and trunk. A man got my trunk and then got seamus's. I leaped on and waited for Seamus to get on to follow him. Seamus was going through each and one of the compartments till he found one that had one a couple people in it, but enough room for us two. He sat me down next to him as he sat next to a boy around our age. He was doing it for my sake, in case the boy wanted to spark up a conversation with me. It's hard for me to talk with new people. I can even barely talk with my family as it only lands as a whisper but they can hear me. I'm shy that's just point out and blank.The boy next to Seamus started talking with Seamus," Hi I'm Dean Thomas, what's yours?" "name's Seamus Finnigan and this is my twin sista, Francheska. She's a wee shy."Dean smiled towards me and of course me shyself blushed giving him a tiny nod. Me blushing doesn't mean I like the person, it's just someone noticing me as I would say. The train jerked as it was starting to go backwards then moving forward. The start of an adventure, hopefully not, I wouldn't know what to do if something horrible came.I didn't know how but I have fallen asleep. I moved my head that have fallen onto Seamus's shoulder. I let out a yawn and a stretch. That stretch made my head go a bit lightheaded as my blood had no idea where to go. The train let out a whistle, indicating that we have arrived.Seamus looked at me, " come on now ches. We best to be going."I nodded and slipped my hand into outstretched hand. He lead me towards where the other first years are at."come now first years! All together now," a tall half giant man stood in front of us first years.He seems friendly, but he's huge he can crush me in an instant! All the first years followed the tall man to the row boats. Seamus sat in the front as I sat next to a girl behind him. I wish he sat next to be.Before we set off, the girl with bushy hair held out her hand, " Hi I'm Hermione Granger. What's yours?"I blushed looking at Seamus hoping he butts in. He could feel my stare into him."uhmm," The girl tried to talk with me again.Seamus turned around, " She's Francheska finnigan. I'm her twin brother Seamus. She's a wee shy."Hermione nodded in understandment giving me a soft smile. The boats started slowly heading to the castle. Which was beautiful in everyway. My eyes couldn't help but look into the dark water. I wonder what lives here, I think mam said something about a giant squid and merpeople in this lake. I don't want to find out the wrong way. My eyes flickered back towards the castle, I would want to explore it. It looks too pretty to go unexplored. I didn't noticed that we started to dock when semaus held out his hand towards me. I grabbed his hand and he helped me up onto the docks. The tall man started to lead us inside and told us where to go. Great a huge blob of first years walking to who knows where we are going. Just know that we are supposed to go up those stairs and meet who ever.A woman was standing up at the top of the stairs, " welcome to Hogwarts."I decided that I just go with the flow and ignore her for now unless something interesting is to be said. She said we had to be sorted into 4 different houses. I started getting nervous, I never left Seamus unless it's the bathroom and when I'm changing. The woman left to go into the great hall. A voice pipped up among us. I looked towards the voice who was standing in front facing harry potter. A blond kid, from what he said, he is Draco malfoy. Nice name but he seems pretty harsh towards the ginger kid. I hope that he won't turn out to be some bully during our time at Hogwarts..
