I sat my mouth hanging open as I looked down at the giant tarantula crawling slowly around the compartment."this is so awesome" Fred murmured in awe silently I nodded agreeing with him"where did you get it lee?""My uncle brought it for me""Crazy uncle pete or you're bi polar uncle Stuart ?""Pete.. Him and my mum never got on. She's terrified of spiders and all other insects, knew it would freak her out" We all started laughing"i do love Crazy pete""that's horrible" All of our heads snapped to the compartment door. A girl with bushy brown hair was standing in the door way. " if someone is scared of something putting it into there house is cruel""whatever" lee mumbled "close the door before it gets out will you" She quickly took a step into the compartment."Any way it's an arachnid not a insect." Lee and Fred looked at her as if she was crazy. Then again walking into a compartment with a giant tarantula crawling happily around the floor and reprimanding crazy uncle pete even though he wasn't here for being 'cruel' did seem pretty crazy. The tarantula started crawling up her legs and a flicker of fear crossed her face for a second."What do you want ickle firstie ?" Fred asked obviously he was finding her presence in our compartment annoying."I was wondering if any of you had seen a.." it had now quickly reached near her neck and she started breathing heavier "can you get this thing off me I can't think properly!" She snapped to lee"Why are you asking me..it's not mine""yes it is I heard you saying your uncle pete gave it to you remember" she hurried. The taratula had came to a stand still. The girl had her head leant far to the side to keep her face away from it's hairy legs"well...What if I don't want to take it off you. It seems to like you" It moved slightly more and she let out a small whimper. I didn't blame her if that thing was on me I would be terrified."oh come on lee don't be a prick, just put it away we can take it out again when she's gone" Lee glared at me but got up and careful trapped it back in it's box. Looking down to me the girl did a small smile"thank you""Now what did you want ?" I asked quickly hoping to get her to leave quickly"Have you seen a toad, a boy named Neville's lost one""no""Another first year with a toad. Pathetic, it's the worse pet to have. First years have no common sense when it comes to pets" Fred joked"At least he has a pet. I see neither of you have cages" She snapped glaring at us as we all laughed at Fred's comment. Quickly stopping after she talked. Did we just get talked back to by a first year ? "any way I don't think toads are that bad I saw a boy earlier with a rat that seemed pretty pathetic." Laughing I thought of ron"was the rats name Scabbers?""I don't know I didn't ask. But the boy tried to turn it yellow and failed. I don't think it was a real spell though""Sunshine, Daises, Butter Mellow. Turn this stupid fat rat yellow" Me and Fred chorused together laughing"that was the spell, how did you know that ?" She asked shocked"I made it up" I chuckled "That boy with the pathetic rat is ron our little brother. Gullible little idiot if you ask me. We were hoping that he would do it in a lesson trying to show off but that works to"" You made up a fake spell just to embarrass your little brother?" Both me and Fred nodded and to my surprise she let out a small giggle"That's silly, why didn't you just give him a spell and tell him it did something else. For example give him a spell that makes you bald and say that it will conjure up chocolate. I noticed he was eating a lot of it I think he would try it" Me fred and lee looked to each other. Why hadn't we thought of that"Listen firstie""Hermione Granger" The girl corrected"we are the clever third years and we have been pranking our whole lives. We appriciate it but we don't need your help with pranks." Fred stated smartly "of course we thought of things like that but that is rather juvenile don't you think?" She opened her mouth and I was sure she was about to come abck with a smart reply but the compartment door opened. A short plump boy with an exceptionally round race entered."h-hermione" he sniffled "I can't find trevor anywhere what about you?""Oh, sorry Neville I have been in here I haven't looked over the other side of the train yet" the boys face fell and suddenly I felt bad. It must suck to loose a pet, even if it is as crap as a toad. Standing up I threw and arm around the girl."Granger here was just convincing us three to help you look. We were discussing where Trevor was it? Might be""yo-youre helping find trevor ?" The boy wept happily"we are" I said happily"we are ?" fred quickly questioned"we are" Stating once more I quickly turned and walked out the compartment "come on guys, Granger, this toad won't find itself."After half an hour of looking for a toad with no luck, me Fred and Lee returned to our compartment. I laid out a cross a seat with Fred and lee sitting opposite me."why did we have to go and help them try and find that toad ?" Fred snapped at me"Did you see his face ? He looked heart broken.. Or terrified, and now, my good deed for the year is done" I replied, smirking at the last part"It's meant to be good deed for the day" Once again our heads snapped to the compartment door and once again Granger was standing there"Yeh but I don't think I could do that many good deeds one a year is hard enough, Don't you agree freddie ?""Defiantly What about you lee?""ditto" She rolled her eyes but had a little smile on her face."Could I sit with you? Everywhere else is pretty full. And you three seem nice. Sort of" Laughing at the last bit we all agree'd. She sat next to lee leaving me lying across the seats"So what house's are you all in ?" She asked curiously"gryffindor" Fred replied "What house are you hoping to be in ?""Gryffindor sounds pretty good. I was reading about all the houses and things, trying to catch up. I hope i've managed I memorised all my book will that be enough I mean some people have grown up with magic they must know loads already and I didn't even know about the magical world until a few weeks ago" she went on panic ranting for a while"Your muggle born then ?" She did a small nod"don't worry about it. Were not aloud to do magic outside of school until were 17 so most of us have never actually done magic until were 11. Seeing as you don't get a wand until then" She smiled as I reassured her"so I won't be behind""nah, you should be good. What do your parents do in the muggle world then ?""there dentists" Me, Fred and lee looked to each other confused"what's a dentist ?" After she finished explaining dentists to us we continued to talk about random things. She explained some things about the muggle world to us and we talked about what it's like growing up in a wizard house. Before the topic changed to pranks. Granger, however was a bit quieter when it came to this topic. We all got the feeling she was one to follow the rules. Shame really considering the bald idea earlier she seemed to have the potential to become a great prankster.Before long we pulled up in hogsmeade station. As we got of the train she began to follow us before hagrids booming voice came calling the first years."why don't we come with you lot ?" she asked nervously"There aren't enough carriages for first years as well. That and I think they want it to be a bit more dramatic for first years or something." Fred laughed"Don't worry we'll see you at the castle." Lee said happily"see you later" She replied nervously starting to walk off"Granger" She turned round at my shout "hope to see you in gryffindor" I gave her a little wink and walked off after my brother and friend towards where we would be getting the horseless carriages.
