Summary: Dumbledore is dead. The dark lord won the cruel battle and it does not seem to lead to an end. Jill is eighteen years old when she receives a very special mission and is sent to Hogwarts. If only she knew what awaited her behind the gates of that schoolDisclaimer: Harry Potter and all the characters belong to J. K. Rowling. I do not own anything aside from "Jill", my OC.Timeline: 5 years after Dumbledore's death. Location: Hogwarts/Muggle worldPairing: OcxBellatrixWarnings: Femslash, s/D, non-con, violence Rating: T in the beginning. Then up to M."Have you not heard what I told you? Jill? Jill! Are you listening?""Yes! Yes. I'm sorry. I know birds don't like cake.""What?" sighed the grey haired man and watched his fingertips rapping up and down a wooden table that he was sitting behind. He glanced at the girl in disbelief and shook his head. Did she even listen at all?"Oh Jill...what shall I do with you?" he asked more rhetorically than serious. Again shaking his head. Then he got up and walked towards the window. His old and silver-blue eyes gazed around the winter-set world. Snow fell slowly down a few rooftops. It was simply stunning, he could sometimes understand why Jill got carried away. However, he turned around to the dark haired girl who had a lot of trouble even sitting upright without her body sinking in. For how long didn't she sleep?"The ministry had found themselves running into a dead end. I'm sorry I have to send you there but it's been clear ever since I received the prophecy.""Mr. Kolem...I'm not too sure if I can help in any way at all. I mean. You run into my house at like seven in the morning and tell me we have to attend to business. And THEN you are telling me that I have a mission at a school for witchcraft and wizardry. I mean come on! I have a bunch of take home exams that I need to tend to. I really can't take ANY care of...magic or whatever you call it. Hello! Stop grinning! I do not approve of this and you shall know that I don't even believe there are such things as dragons and sticks that can turn somebody into a marshmallow.""They are wands. Wands Jill.""Fine! Wands. And I WANT to go to bed again. So may I?""Not at all. Please get ready. You should pack up enough things. I will teach you some basics tomorrow, only some defensive spells andthings I'm sure you will forget anyway but. Try working with me at least, there's no return.""What for? I'm not going! I'm not a witch! Please I don't have magical abilities at all. Kolem! I cannot do this and you know it! Please don't make me..-."The silver head chuckled."No magical abilities yes?""Yes! Yes? ...Yes...I...uhm. Can I please sleep now?"He sighed and got up, turned his face towards the window again, then smiled lightly and slowly took a few steps ahead towards the door, uttering a "go on and pack now. I'll pick you up in the morning" and left the room simply, leaving an absolutely confused Jill behind."Man...what a day" she whispered to herself as she ran her hand through her hair and flopped down the comfortable bed, looking at it. For some reason she was able to intake each detail. The pattern of how her white cover ran into soft mint colors. She noticed the black stars on her favorite pencil and the fluffiness of the carpet her toes rested on. Everything seemed so new to her, knowing it may not be seen for a long time if Mr. Kolem was serious. And he sounded serious indeed - which was one of the scariest things that probably existed. He's a rather fun person to be around. Usually at least, even when he was the headmaster and by far her most favorite professor at university. She started studying this year and finished her first semester and her first day of Christmas break was to be the first day of upcoming 14 more lazy days, but then this happened.Slowly, Jill lied down again after she noticed she sat up, and looked up the ceiling. She shook her head in disbelief of what happened during those three hours since Mr. Kolem walked into her apartment, inwardly repeating his words over and over again."Jill. What I'm going to tell you now is probably going to change your entire life. See. As a muggle you should not be there. You should not even know about it. Being 18 now, you are old enough to know. And old enough toYou are going to Hogwarts. A school of witchcraft and wizardry. It's a mission. A very important one indeed. You have to stop him... The darkest of them all...Jill do you understand? You are chosen."And with those words ringing in her head, she fell asleep.Mr. Kolem was there on time the next morning
