IMPORTANT: this is the second in the series of Hermione's story. if you're coming from 'from Humble beginings' Hello again! If you're new then welcome, and if you're interested please read this story from the beginning, if you just want to read her point of view of Chamber of Secrets then that's fine with me, I should warn you though, there way be quite a few things that are from the first story so don't make sense here if you haven't read it. Hannah xThis Chapter is dedicated to SpiritedWind who was my first ever reviewer ans since then has reviewed every single chapter I have put, she has been really encouraging in her reviews and has made me want to work my hardest to get chapters out. I thought now we are entering book 2 it would be a good time to show my huge appreciation of her advice and general loveliness. Thank you so much xxChapter Fifteen  Dear SummerHermione Granger sat at the kitchen table with her parents, Susan and David Granger leisurely drinking her cup of tea whilst her parents finished off their bowls of cereal. It was one week into the summer holidays and so far Hermione had not heard a word from any of her school friends. Due to the fact that she didn't have an owl she had to wait until her friends wrote to her, which was a pain to say the least. She wasn't worried about the lack of contact so far though, her two best friends, Harry Potter and Ron Weasley, were both boys, and boys weren't known for their brilliant correspondence skills.So far Hermione was enjoying her summer a lot. She hadn't seen her parents for nearly six months so she had had a lot of catching up to do. She had also began some of her holiday homework, which wasn't too challenging, probably because Hermione had come top of the year in their end-of-year exams a few weeks ago. Her parents had been very pleased with her. Just as she was deciding whether or not to have a piece of fruit her mother screeched."An owl!"Hermione and Mr Granger laughed. Mrs Granger had a tendency to do this every time she saw an owl delivering a letter. The bird soared through the open window and landed in the middle of the table. Hermione didn't recognize the owl which was a light brown colour. She quickly untied the envelope attached to its leg and slid out the letter inside.Dear HermioneHow are you? I hope your holidays are going well and you're enjoying seeing your parents. Enclosed are two of the photos I took at the end of the year. Dad developed all of them for me and you mentioned that you'd like a copy to show to your parents.Feel free to use Prim (the owl) to send any letters. I know your family won't have an owl so you can't send any letters to Harry or Ron. We have two owls at home so we don't mind Prim being gone for a bit.See you soon.Parvati xHermione hurriedly delved into the envelope and pulled out the photos. Parvati had received a camera for her birthday and on the last day of school she had snapped lots of different photos of groups of people to show her parents. The first one in the envelope was a sweet photo of all the Gryffindor first year girls. Parvati and gotten Neville Longbottom to take the picture whilst Hermione, Lavender, Parvati, Lucy and Julia had stood, arms around each other, smiling at the camera. Well that was how the photo was originally taken. In the wizarding world photos occupants could move around at will. As Hermione watched Julia told some sort of joke and all the girls fell about laughing. Hermione smiled and slid out the second photo, this was one of herself, Ron and Harry. The three of them were talking animatedly together but looked up and began to wave and smile as Hermione watched, before going back to laughing at something Ron had said. Hermione looked up to see that her parents had taken Parvati's letter and were reading it together, when they were done Hermione passed the photo's over. She watched, confused as her parents faces fell and the sight of the photos and her mother went pale."Hermione  th-th-the photos are  moving!" whispered her mother.Hermione laughed and her parents looked up, startled."In the wizarding world photos can move mum. There's a special potion you put them into to develop," Hermione explained.Mr and Mrs Granger both breathed sighs of relief and looked back at the photos with curiosity. Hermione got up from the table and stood behind her mother and father, she began to point out who all the different girls were."They all look lovely," Said her mother fondly"Yes, they're all quiet nice," Said Hermione, truthfully the girls were nice, but she found there company to be quite boring. Her parents were now examining the other photo."Harry's very small," commented her father, pulling his glasses from his pocket to gain a better looks. Hermione murmured her agreement whilst her parents continued to examine the photo."Well don't you all look different!" Said her mother "Like opposites of each other, but you do seem to be getting along well,"Hermione mumbled something  again, there wasn't really anything to say to their statements"They're lovely dear, why don't you go and pin them up," Said her mother handing back the photos."Alright, I'll write the letters as well. Can you give Prim, the owl something to eat," And with that Hermione went upstairs to compose the letters.Dear ParvatiThank you so much for the photos, I've pinned them to my cork board. You should have seen my parent's faces when they saw them, they've never seen a wizard photo before and they were very shocked to see everyone wandering about.My summer's going lovely so far thank you. It's really nice to see all my family. Thank you for lending me Prim as well, hopefully she won't tire too much, flying so far around the country!Hope your holidays are going nicely.HermioneDear RonHow are you? I'm using Parvati's owl to send this letter to you and she said I couldn't borrow her after she sent me a letter. Wasn't that nice?I hope your holidays are going alright, mine have been lovely so far, mum and dad have been getting a few days off work to spend time with me which is great because I missed them so much. I haven't told them about the Philosophers stone or anything that happened at the end of last year. I didn't want to scare them because they might think it's normal to send first years to defend a stone against You-Know-Who and they might worry about me going back. Have you told your parents? I suppose they would be a bit more accepting about it because they went to Hogwarts themselves.Have you heard from Harry yet? Only I thought he'd send us letters to keep his mind off of his Uncle, Aunt and Cousin.See you soonLove from HermioneDear HarryHow are you? I hope you're alright at home with your Uncle and Aunt. Are they treating you okay?This is Parvati's owl that delivered the letter, she said I could borrow her to send letters to you and Ron. How's your schoolwork going? I've started a few of our assignments but I'm only doing a little bit at a time.If you're not being allowed to use Hedwig, send a reply back with Prim, I'm sure no-one will mind. After that you can write to me via Ron's owl.I hope you're alright and you Uncle and Aunt are being niceLove from HermioneOne Week LaterHermioneHolidays are going fine thanks. I had to tell mum and dad about the Philosophers stone because Fred and George mentioned I won fifty points for Gryffindor and it all sort of came out from there. They were quite proud of me but now they won't stop going on about Harry and how scary it must have been for him. Not that I mind them doing it, it's Ginny that's the problem, she won't shut up!No I haven't heard from Harry and this is the second letter I've sent to him (Errol's going to Harry straight after you so feel free to send another letter with him) I hope the muggles aren't treating him badly.Anyway, see you soonRon.Dear HarryAre you alright? This is the second letter both me and Ron have sent to you. Maybe the first one just didn't reach you, if so how are you?My holidays are going great, my Grandparents just left after staying for a few days, we went to visit a castle near to us which was a lovely bit of history but the weather was very hot. Have you done anything interesting? If not, how's tormenting Dudley going? It's not a very nice thing to do but if your cousin is as bad as you say he is Anyway, please reply because Ron and I and beginning to worry.Love from Hermione.Dear RonThanks for letting me use Errol, although he was a bit tired when he arrived. Mum screamed even louder than usual when he fell into the fruit bowl rather than landing on the table. What have you been doing in the holidays? I've mostly been seeing family which I nice, although obviously they don't know that I'm a witch so it has been a little bit awkward when they ask me what my favourite subject at school is, obviously I can't say charms!If Harry only replies to you, please tell me immediately, I'm starting to worry.Love from Hermionep.s please don't refer to Harry's Aunt and Uncle just as 'muggles'. It implies that you think all muggles are as bad as they are which makes me feel bad as my whole family are muggles.3 Days LaterHermioneThis is Harry's muggle address. Dad got it from work just in case:Number 4Privet DriveLittle WhingingSurrey Mum says you should try using that. It also stops Errol having to make the extra long journeys; I think maybe that's what's stopping the letters getting to Harry, Errol collapses on the way. Might mean I don't write to you for a while, sorry.Ronp.s sorry about the muggle thing. I didn't mean it like that at all.25 Meadow ViewChurch LaneLittle MissendenChilternBuckinghmashireDear HarryRon gave your muggle address so hopefully this will reach you. Are you alright? We've all be so worried about you. We've guessed that Hedwig's been locked up but why haven't you been replying? If this is the first letter that you've got (I don't know how it would be) then how has your summer been? I've been having a great few weeks (apart from worrying about you) We've visited family and had some picnics and walks, I love spending time with my family, although mum asks hundreds of questions a day about school and you and Ron. She wants to know everything! I hope this reaches you and please write back to let me know you're okayLove from Hermione1 Week Later25 Meadow ViewChurch LaneLittle MissendenChilternBuckinghmashireDear HarryI'm hoping the last letter I sent you got lost in the post because you never replied. Hopefully you will get this letter so please, please, please reply!If you're not being allowed to reply but are reading this letter I will tell you a bit about me week, in case you have nothing to do. We went up to Manchester for three days to visit my Aunt, which was an okay trip. I'm not really keen on cities so it wasn't that interesting when we went out. I actually played a game to see if I could spot any witches or wizards walking along. There was one woman who I thought could have been a witch, she was wearing odd clothes and kept checking one of her pockets, maybe to see if her wand was still there? I was annoyed that whilst I was there I couldn't do any of my homework because my Aunt doesn't know I'm a witch. I'm doing a lot to catch up now.Anyway, I hope you are well and please replyLove from Hermione4 Days LaterHermioneHave you had any replies from Harry yet? I've sent three more letters and still had nothing. My parents are seriously beginning to worry. Anyway this owl is sending him his birthday card and present, you can attach yours with it if the muggle post isn't working.RonDear HarryEnclosed is your birthday card and present. I hope just muggle sweets are okay. That's if you get this. I hope you have an enjoyable birthday and please write back to me in any way possible.Love from HermioneDear RonI've heard nothing from Harry and I've sent him two letters. My dad is thinking about driving down to Surrey to see what has been going on. I've decided if I haven't heard from him in a week, we will. Hope you're alright and keep me posted on any newsLove from Hermione4 Days LaterHermioneWe're rescuing Harry from the Dursleys tomorrow, so your parents don't need to worry any more. If we get him he'll stay at ours for the rest of the summer holidays. Hopefully he'll have a good explanation and everything will be alright.Wish me luckRon Hermione breathed a huge sigh of relief as she read the short letter over twice more. She looked up to see her parents watching her, their faces masks of worry, she passed the letter over to them and turned to Errol, who was lying in the middle of the kitchen table, looking frankly, quite dead. Hermione seriously hoped he wasn't as that would be very difficult to explain to Ron and his family. Gingerly she lifted him up and carried him to a spare chair at the table, doing this told her he was in fact breathing. He wouldn't however, stand up on the chair so Hermione laid him down and went to fetch a bowl of water for him to drink out of."Well this is a relief," Said her father, handing her back the letter.Hermione agreed whilst poking Errol to drink the water."Oh, how about we decide when we're going to London to get your school books, then you could tell the Weasleys and they can meet us there," said Mrs Granger, leaning back in her chair leisurely.Hermione nodded in agreement and sat back down at the table, after leaving the water bowl next to Errol's head."Well, we need to leave time for the Hogwarts book list to arrive, I think it should come in the next week," Replied Hermione."And time enough so we don't just spring it on the Weasleys," agreed her mother."How about Wednesday the 16th, that's one of the days we took off from work," said her father checking the calendar.Hermione and Mrs Granger nodded their agreement before Hermione headed up to bed, as it was quite late in the evening. The next morning saw no improvement in Errol, who lay pathetically on the chair, occasionally taking sips of water. Hermione's parents had to work that day so Hermione sat in the back garden, doing her homework and reading her books. She wished she had her new school books already as she was desperate to start learning about her subjects at second year.The next five days passed in much the same fashion, apart from Sunday when Mr and Mrs Granger weren't working. On that day they went to the local pub for lunch before playing cards at home. Finally after six days of rehabilitation, Errol looked ready to fly. Hermione quickly wrote a letter to send back to Ron with him.Dear Ron and Harry if you're thereI hope everything went alright and that Harry is OK and that you didn't do anything illegal to get him out, Ron, because that would get Harry into trouble too. I've been really worried and if Harry is alright will you please let me know at once, but perhaps it would be better if you used a different owl, because I think another delivery might finish your one off.I'm very busy with school work at the moment, of course, and we're going to London next Wednesday to buy my new books. Why don't we meet in Diagon Alley? Let me know what's happening as soon as you can.Love from Hermione2 Days LaterHOGWARTS SCHOOLof WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYHeadmaster:Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock,Supreme Mugwump,International Confed. of Wizards)Dear Miss. GrangerYou will shortly be entering you second year of magical education at Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Term begins on September the first. Please catch the Hogwarts Express from Platform nine and three quarters at Kings Cross Station on this day.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagallDeputy HeadmistressSecond year students will require:The Standard Book of Spells (grade two) by Miranda GoshawkBreak with a Banshee by Gilderoy LockhartGadding with Ghouls by Gilderoy LockhartHolidays with Hags by Gilderoy LockhartTravels with Trolls by Gilderoy LockhartVoyages with Vampires by Gilderoy LockhartWanderings with Werewolves by Gilderoy LockhartYear with the Yeti by Gilderoy Lockhart1 Day LaterDear HermioneRon told be that I'd better write this letter as apparently you've been going frantic. I'm Ok and I'm safely at Ron's. I'll explain everything when we meet up at Diagon Alley, it will be quicker that way. Please thank your dad for offering to drive all the way to Surrey to check I was alright, it was really nice of him (Ron told me).I'm having a brilliant time here, most days we practise Quidditch or hang around in the garden, playing chess or cards, it's great fun. Anyway we'll see you next Wednesday in Diagon Alley.Harryp.s Ron says hey.PLEASE READ, FOR ONCE THIS IS ACTUALLY IMPORTANT.1) i need you to tell me whether you like this format of writing the summer holidays, becuase i write for you to read so if the majority of you dislike it then i obviously won't do it in the other summers, if you do like it please tell me so i know you want me to do it in the other summers :)2) THIS IS THE IMPORTANT BIT: i will not be updating for quite a while. Now let me explain before you begin to throw things at me. Because of all the mistakes i made in the previous chapters both major and minor i realised i need to work out a way not to do that. That way is to be chapters ahead of you guys so that i can correct mistakes in previous chapters that affect immediate chapters. I've worked out i always want to be around 5 chapters ahead of you guys. At the moment i'm half a chapter, which means you need to leave me some time to write about five chapters before i post the next one...did that make sense? Anyway, this will be better for everyone in the long run as there will be less mistakes and more succinct writing. Don't despair as in the next week i've got some one-shots coming up so you can read them to bridge the gap, just sub to author alerts. I'm really sorry for this and i hope you understand my reasons. It may be a month until the next chapters up so...sit tight xxHannah
