Disclaimer: I own nothing of harry potterThe sounds of approaching footsteps caused the figure lying on the bed to tense. He knew what was going to happen once the footsteps stopped and his door was opened. He curled into himself, protecting his face with one hand and his stomach with the others. The door flew open, and he peered out from under his arm to look into the gleeful face of his father."Hello son." The tone his father used caused him to flinch and try to get away from him as he moved further into the room. "Guess what today is?" he said snidely moving towards his young son and grabbing him forcefully by his hair. "It's your wedding." He continued as his son refused to speak while he was in his father's presence knowing that it would only cause him more pain in the long run.Harry's head snapped up as he attempted to remove the hand that was holding his head. He froze as a new voice joined in the conversation."Let him go Potter." A silky voice said harshly and Harry relaxed for a moment when he saw Severus, his friend and healer and the man he saw as a father standing in the door. "Lucius would not approve of you harming his future husband I suggest you leave me with him so I can make sure you haven't done too much damage to him this time." Severus's tone was cold but his eyes were concerned as James practically threw Harry across the room and he smashed painfully into the opposite wall."Fine what should I care what you do with the boy." And with those parting words James stalked out of the room. Once he was sure that James was gone Severus stepped into the room, and after closing the door walked quickly to Harry who was sitting with his back to the wall.As he approached Harry looked up and he couldn't help but wonder what it was that caused James to hate his son as much as he did. As soon as he was close enough he reached forward and pulled Harry towards himself securing the small frame into his arms as the boy broke down."He married me off." Harry exclaimed hysterically his eyes dancing wildly as he searched Severus's face. "I knew he hated me, and that I was a burden to them but they bloody decided to just marry me off!"Severus sighed sadly as Harry started to pace around the small empty room that was his. He ran his hand down his face in frustration and then turned to face Severus."Is Sirius here?" Harry questioned quietly."Yes, and trust me he is a pissed as you are about this whole situation." Severus's voice was low and dangerous and Harry knew that it was probably best that Sirius wasn't in the room at the moment to see the state that Harry was in. "Now remove your clothing so I may heal the damage that man has caused you."Harry knew that he should have been embarrassed at having to stand totally naked in front of his professor, but Severus had seem him in that state of undress and he trusted the man not to hurt him. As each piece of clothing was removed Severus felt his blood boil in anger. Harry's chest was covered in bruises, and old scars, James made sure to never leave marks where people would see them so his arms from the wrist to the elbow were free of any kind of malformation.Once he was shirtless Harry stood still so Severus could apply the salve that he always carried with him when he was going to see Harry and, as he felt the salve do its job he relaxed a tiny bit at the relief that came with it."Your chest and back are healed, now for the part that I know makes you the most uncomfortable, I know you trust me but would you rather Sirius apply the salve to your lower body?" Severus said already knowing the answer as Harry's head snapped up and he stared at Severus with so much trust and hope that he had to smile."Please Severus, I want you here but I need him too." Harry whispered, and with a nod Severus left to go find his husband.He found him sitting tensely in the sitting room glaring at James and Lily who were glaring right back."Sirius." Severus's soft voice caused the man to stand immediately. "I have healed almost everything but he wants you there for the rest." With one last glare the two men walked out of the room. When they were almost to Harry's door Sirius stopped and pulled Severus in to a needy kiss. Their tongues met momentarily until Severus pulled back and after grabbing Sirius's hand led the man into Harry's room.He was standing with his back to the door, the old scars clearly visible on the skinny back. He was almost naked except for the sheet he had wrapped around himself while Severus was going. He turned once he noticed he wasn't alone and gave a wan smile at the two men in front of him."Sirius." He breathed moving forward and not caring that he dropped the sheet embraced his godfather firmly."Harry." Sirius exclaimed enthusiastically, wrapping his arms firmly around Harry's naked waste and uncaring of the boys lack of dress pulled him more firmly into his chest, resting his head on Harry's shoulder as they hugged."I'm glad to see no one has killed anyone yet." Harry tried to joke as he pulled away from his godfather. Who chuckled so darkly Harry had first thought it was Severus."Unfortunately, no Severus told me I couldn't hex them as that would be as he said hazardous to your health." Sirius chuckled before pushing Harry away from himself and, after grabbing the salve that was sitting innocently on the bed urged Harry to lie down on his belly so he could apply it to his bruised buttocks, and upper thighs. Sighing in relief when he noticed the lack of bruising on Harry's genitals, meaning James had kept the blows mainly to Harry's back."There you go love, all done." Sirius said quietly while helping Harry to his feet, and handing him a pair of boxers that Severus had grabbed from the small pile of clean clothes in the corner of the room.Harry slid the boxers up over his small frame scowling as he looked up at Severus and Sirius who both towered over his 5 feet 5 inch frame at an even 6 foot and 6 feet 1 inch height. It saddened him to think that no matter what they tried, they couldn't fix his small stature."So, what did James mean when he said it was my wedding today?" Harry said flinching back slightly at Sirius's growl."You mean, he didn't tell you until today what he had planned?" Sirius said dangerously.Harry rolled his eyes "Obviously not Sirius or I wouldn't have asked,""Your father." Severus spat the word out like it was a bad taste in his mouth. "Has decided that in order to get you out of his way and his house he would marry you off to a pure blooded man.""And who might I ask did he decide to marry me to?" Harry asked his voice low with hurt, and dread."Lucius." Severus said and Harry although he wasn't happy about getting married off in the first place had to admit that the idea didn't totally disgust him, since he was friends with Draco and had met Lucius on the rare occasion that his father let him leave the manor over the summer holidays."Well." Harry mused "I'm sure it will surprise James when he learns that I am not appalled at the idea of marrying Lucius." Severus and Sirius smirked widely as they chuckled to each other."We didn't think you would be that upset about it love." Severus said surprising Harry with the endearment. "What? I see you as my son Harry and will address as such once we get you away from the prat."Harry grinned and then asked "What am I to wear to this shindig?""We took the liberty of getting your robes for you, so that James didn't just get the most hideous things he could find for you." Severus said before walking out of the room and returning in less than thirty seconds with a long box in his hands.The robes were beautiful. They were a light cotton material done in dark emerald green with a black trim around it. They were floor length and Harry took his time to admire them before hugging both men."Thank you." He murmured before pulling away and adoring a pair of black dress paints and a light green button down shirt he looked to Sirius. "I have two questions, one, will you walk me down the aisle, and two will you fix my hair."Sirius smiled softly before reaching forward and running his hands through Harry's shoulder length hair.'I believe the only thing to do to your hair is add a few curls to help it frame your face, and secondly yes I will gladly give you away as I don't see James being particularly keen on touching you." He finished before muttering a spell and curling Harry's hair, and then he helped him into his new robes."I know this may not be ideal for you, but Lucius is a good man." Severus said before kissing Harry gently on the cheek and proceeding out of the room to tell everyone they were almost ready."You look stunning." Sirius said whilst grabbing Harry's hand and linking it through his own arm and heading out of the room to his impending wedding to the tall, handsome man his father had betrothed him to.So I thought of a new story and I wanted to put it on here let me know what you all think. Sorry for any punctuation and grammar problems
