Title: Give me just one nightPairing: DracoxSeverus, RemusxHarryFandom: HPNotes: Draco Malfoy heir to one of the richest fortunes in the British Wizarding world does the unexpected; he falls in love with the wrong person. Struggling to stay true to himself he tries to forge his own path. Yes this is a bit different from my usual storyit just came to me as I was about to doze off last night.PrologueThirteen year old Harry Potter couldn't sleep he'd been tossing and turning for hours. He decided to do what always helped him sleep when he couldn't, toss off.He cast silencing charms on his curtains and the bed before fishing a stained pillow out from behind the headboard. Harry folded up the pillow and knelt in front of it before beginning to stroke himself. He licked his lips and closed his eyes as he pulled his cock out of his silk pajama pants that were liberally covered in heating and cooling charms that activated based on the weather.He used the memory of Remus standing outside their home in the garden and watering the roses. Remus had been shirtless and covered with a light sheen of sweat; his skin had a golden tan that made him glorious. Remus had a bad habit of lying on his balcony naked to tan. Unfortunately Harry couldn't see because of the height of balcony walls, and his room was too far away to spy.Harry licked his lips groaning, "RemusRemus" he wanted to kiss those lips and run his hands over that bronzed skin. He worshiped Remus and wanted to make love to him, to have Remus make love to him.Since he was eight he'd been taking care of the man, running him a bath and casting a stasis charm to keep it the right temperature. He would take soft clothes dipping in a cleansing potion to clean Remus' wounds and help him from the warded basement to the bathroom next to the werewolf's rooms. He adored the man and it broke his heart to see the wounds Moony would inflict on himself. He would help Remus into the tub and wait for him to relax. There were healing potions in the water and when Remus was ready he would help him out. Harry would apply dittany to his wounds to minimize scarring and then hand his guarding a calming draught. Remus would take a nap for a few hours and then join him for lunch. During the nights of the full moon Remus didn't sleep, he slept fitfully during the day and it aged him. He thought the lines around his eyes gave him character and the smattering of grey at his temples made Remus look wise.When he was eleven and went away to Hogwarts he went and researched everything he could about werewolves. He was nearly twelve when he discovered it, a very ancient text. In it he discovered something that had been lost, it was by Merlin himself or so it purported to be. It was his investigation into lycanthropy; he claimed it was caused by a curse. A curse that spread through biting or claws, it couldn't be cured but it could be satisfied. The desire to attack was caused by sexual frustration; werewolves merely were reduced to primal instincts. A werewolf with a mate was less likely to harm themselves or others unless of course someone they saw as pack was attacked. Sirius and Harry were all that was left of Remus' pack that had included his parents and the traitor.He cleared his mind and started thrusting into the pillow imagining how it would feel to be thrusting into Remus' arse. Harry groaned, it would be hot and tight; much hotter and tighter then fucking a bird. He remembered all the stories Sirius told on his good days when he was coherent rather then catatonic about his exploits as the Playboy of Gryffindor. He claimed to have slept with every bird in his year and above with the exception of Lily, Alice and Molly. They were already happily paired, well Lily would be to his father James but she'd taken a while to come around. Remus often mumbled what she saw in James. Sirius would laugh and tell stories about the Marauders to which Remus and himself would roll their eyes. He enjoyed that they had similar views and tastes they both enjoyed chocolate and reading.Harry would love to spend lazy summer afternoons reading and snogging amoung other things while Sirius was napping.That last thought sent him over the edge, he collapsed on the folded pillow and his eyes closed. He was asleep within seconds.
