Hey there everyone, and welcome to the first chapter of my brand new story, if you have read previous fics from me you'll know I take forever to complete but I'm getting there. Now this story is something I've been wanting to write for ages and after a brain wave it just came to me and I was in the mood to write. I'm happy with how this turned out. Summary: Draco, Blaise and Pansy are turned into 3 year olds after a potion accident. Hermione and Harry are instructed to look after them, but toddlers that have no memory of their past don't hold a grudge. They live in a room in the castle transformed for their needs. Raising three children is never easy but at the age of 17 it's 10 times harder. With meetings from parents and trouble caused in every corner. Can these enemies become friends or even more because of an accident?Slytherin Toddlers."Potions, I really hate it," wined Ron as he made his way to Potions with Harry and Hermione. "I hate it even more than I did last year. I'm not asking for much but couldn't we have it with Ravenclaw or Hufflepuff. Just for one year, but no we have it with Slytherin for the seventh year in the row!" Ron's constant complaining amused Harry as he glanced at Hermione who was shaking her head with a small smile on her face."You know Ron, if you didn't complain so much and dread it as much as you do, then it wouldn't last as long," said Hermione as they turned the corner heading down into the dungeons.The following summer had seen the defeat of Lord Voldermort. There had been many deaths on both sides, but also a few surprises. The Wizarding world was shocked when Lucius Malfoy stepped out of the darkness and fought for the light. It had been a secret that only his family, Dumbledore and Snape knew about. The information he gave was the key to the destruction of Voldermort. The trio had hoped that once Voldermort was killed, Snape would have become more civil but this had not happened, the only difference now was he wasn't as biased as before, subtracting points off his own Slytherins.Potions lessons were still hard and even though they fought side by side on the battle field the tension and dislike between the Gryffindors and Slytherins were still at an all time high.They turned the last corner and were met with the rest of their house mates but also the Slytherins, mainly: Malfoy, Zabini and Parkinson. Before anyone could say anything the door opened and in the shadows of the room "enter," was heard and the two houses stepped into the room.The trio sat on the second row to the front. There had been a large amount of students that passed Potion in their OWLS and that meant there would be two classes to the misfortune of Professor Snape."Today you will be making a mixture of potions. The first will be a powerful aging potion that will allow you to see child hood memories by looking into the potion. The second potion will restore your memory if brewed correctly but if not then your memory will be wiped clean. You have a total of three hours to complete these two potions. You'll find the instructions in your Potions book. Begin!" The entire classroom stood as they went to collect their ingredient all equally apprehensive on the success of the task.The classroom worked quietly as they slaved away on their Potions. It was all going better than expected and this put Snape on the edge. His black eyes scanned the room stopping on Harry and snarling. The boy wonder had done it, he had vanquished the darkest wizard in the world, he was slightly surprised and a little proud of the boy but it didn't stop him from disliking him. His eyes then cast over his ginger friend. Ron Weasley, as much brains as the giant squid and could probably eat as much, his maturity level was still of a 5th year but he would fight thick and thin for his friends. A true Gryffindor and his snarl intensified. He finally watched the brains of the trio. Hermione Granger was a wonder, she was one of the most intelligent witches that he had ever met but wasted her time with the two idiots beside her, and she was an unusual person who really didn't hold a grudge."You know Hermione, I actually think Malfoy is struggling with this," smirked Ron evilly. They both looked in the blonde's directions and could see the sweat dripping down his pale neck."You know Ron you might be right," she chuckled and stirred her potion clockwise twice."Draco, is it meant to be this colour." Asked Pansy nervously tugging his sleeve."I don't know Pansy look in your potions book," he snarled as he turned his potion anticlockwise twice. He hadn't noticed the mistake with Pansy asking him the question."Er Draco is your potion meant to be steaming like that?" asked Blaise cautiously looking at the blue steam coming out of his potion."No, look what you've done now Pansy!" Draco scowled trying to discover where he had gone wrong."Don't blame me Draco," snapped Pansy turning too quickly and knocking her potion which hit Draco's childhood potion."Pansy," cried both Blaise and Draco.The entire class looked towards the three Slytherins before there was a loud bang and smoke filled the room."Everyone out!" cried Snape coughing as the entire room rushed out of the room. Once everyone was out, he did a quick head count before realising there was three students missing."Where are Mr Malfoy, Zabini and Miss Parkinson?" everyone looked around each other and realised that they were in fact missing.It was Hermione that spoke up, "Professor, before everything went smoky Malfoy and Zabini cried out Pansy." Snape's eyes widened in fear and with a quick wave of his wand the room begun to clear of smoke. Snape felt a small pull on his robes, looking down his eyes widened with what he saw."Professor is that is that Malfoy!" but all the Head of Slytherin could do was nod his head as he looked down. He then noticed two heads poking from behind the table."Weasley, go and get the Headmaster and tell him that Draco Malfoy, Blaise Zabini and Pansy Parkinson are three years old."So what you think? Too fast not enough information or just right for the first chapter. Please review :) 
