Update 8/25/13: I'm back to writing again after the long hiatus. Thank you for putting up with me. I'm revised individual chapters first before continuing the story.Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Wish I did, but I don't. So instead, I'm here writing for an awesome fandom with the hopes that others will find this story at least a bit intriguing. Enjoy and reviews are always appreciated!Everything hurt. There was no other way to say it. Skin felt like it was rolled back on itself. Disgusting thought, but true all the same. Breathing was a labored effort. The fact that he still could thoughafter the last few minutes, he had been completely convinced it was all over. His eyes had closed softly in a false sense of peace after staring into Potter's eyes one last time. They would never be a great substitute for the real thing, but he didn't have any choice. Starting a mental assessment of what needed to be fixed, he knew he couldn't do it alone.But who was left to trust? It wasn't a matter of who he could at this point. He was done trusting people. Not knowing what world stood outside those doors, he was better off continuing to be thought of as dead. The smell of his own blood suffocated him a second time. Forcing his own eyes open, he stoically took in the room. That horrifying example of a snake had done this. He could still feel the force of his body slapping against the wall like a broken toy. Bones shifting into areas never meant to be pressed down upon.Ignoring the pain to the best of his ability, he rolled to his side. There was quite literally nothing left. Potter had the memories he wanted to pass on. Just apparate out of this hell he'd kept himself in for years and leave. Tears spilled down his cheeks as he shook his head. No. He couldn't have that escape yet. He had promised to protect Harry with his life. He had not seen that promise through and wouldn't until he knew for sure.His neck started to spasm. Oh, the pain-it was worse that any Cruciatus curse he had ever lasted through. Even if he had prepared for a direct murder attempt, this was not the way he had wanted to pass. Trying to move his neck as little as possible, he finally felt the familiar bark in his hands. Though he might truly be returning to the grave, he had to know."Sir, you need to lay back down until the doctor releases you. I know it's been a long few weeks, but just let us finish this last task. Please!"The petite nurse was no match for the exasperated ex-professor, but he finally gave her one last glare before complying. Why did he come to a hospital after watching Harry's victory? Oh, yesto keep his secret. Didn't mean he had to like it. He had covered the teen in secret in the last moments of the fight with Voldemort. Hiding behind one of the broken pillars, he was ready to fire off a needed spell if it became obvious that Potter was going to lose. Luckily that hadn't been the case. With one last look at now happy green eyes, he apparated to the first place he could think ofa local hospital near Spinner's Endand broke his wand near the river. No traces no matter what.For the last three weeks he had been treated for a blow to the neck due to flying metal in an "unusual building explosion". With the ministry in a mess immediately post-war, he felt safe using a few spells out of turn. But today was the last day. He'd finally be out of this nonsense. Five potions would have done the same trick. If he had been smart, he would have made a cursory visit to St. Mungo's before returning to his hometown. Time just wasn't his friend.Glaring once more at the door, he ignored the nurse's request and pulled out his clothes to change into. He would leave the moment that doctor released him. And that is when everything went to hell. Noise outside the room door rose drastically before it suddenly opened up. A different female ran in and slammed the door shut. Her hair was a tangled, sweaty mess of waist-length black locks; almost bad enough to rival his own when he was in the middle of finishing a large potion order. It wasn't until her tearful eyes locked on his that his heart stop."Severus!"She couldn't run hard enough. For the last 12 years she had been counting down to today. Never knowing why, she just knew it would be one of the most important days of her life. She had been a patient in the psychiatric ward for as long as she could remember. Her adopted parents had found her wandering the streets one day and officially took her in after all the necessary paperwork had been completed. But things grew sour when she started her obsession with the calendar. As soon as she had learned to count she started scribbling on pieces of paper. It didn't matter what it was, she's always add the latest countdown to something at least once a day.They grew more disturbed as she recounted overly-fanciful tales of people and a magical town of some sort. Having only been home schooled it just made no sense. She had no interest in social interactions. She always spoke of the boy. She was waiting for him. Always speaking of how worried she was that he wouldn't recognize her because she didn't look right. They'd always tell her there was nothing wrong with how she looked. Just because her skin was a little darker than their own didn't make her wrong. But she'd just burst into tears and tell them they didn't understand.After so many years of it, they finally had her admitted at 13. And it was a rough experience. With only the essentials and a wooden stick she was found with, the teen began a new stage in her life. Unlike the stereotypes of psych wards, the staff didn't harm heras least not in the usual sense. Her pain was only caused by harsh words; constant denials of her stories. No one hurt her physically. She wasn't called stupid-just too imaginative. They killed her with kindness and it hurt deeply.When she had crossed off the last day of her countdown, the staff hadn't known what to expect. She woke up in a bright mood full of laughter and smiles. Every request was met without argument. Even when she went for a walk in the garden, she didn't try to do anything. That should have been the red flag. For even though she was usually a rather calm patient, she was still known for rebelling now and then. The moment someone looked away, she took off for the door to the lower levels of the hospital.Punching in the code she had memorized weeks ago (for they liked to rotate them frequently), she was off. He was somewhere near and she just knew it. Not concerned with the way she looks to anyone she would pass, the 17-year-old planned to just run down each floor until it felt right. This was the intuition that had helped her all her life. She couldn't consider the idea that it suddenly wouldn't work now.She made it down to the third floor before the security guard had gotten word about her. David was always slower though. She had overheard about his knee surgery a few weeks ago. With Mitchell on break down in the cafeteria, he just didn't matter to her at the moment. This seemed to be the adult wing. He'd be in here if her dates were correct. Those rare days made her second-guess herself for a minute since she saw white walls most of the time.Her heart was continuing to pump with adrenaline as she suddenly ducked her head passing another nurse's station. Her hands trailed just under the counter as she spun over to the right. She was closer. Suddenly she slid a room door open and dashed in. David was apparently a little faster than she thought. She could hear him speaking to the nurses on duty. Damn. Too close. Locking the door in place, she turned around to assess the room. But then she saw him."Severus!"Those eyes. Those green eyes he knew so well. But the possibility that it could be herNo. He had held her in his arms after the life had left them. There was just no way. He'd seen many impossible things over the years but this wasn't one of them."I don't know who you think you are"He was cut off as tears ran down her eyes. The young woman ran over to him, hugging him tightly around his waist. She was shaking badly, muttering under her breath. The words were too fast for him to understand, but it felt like a mantra. Growing more and more uncomfortable as the seconds passed, both of their eyes were drawn to the rattling door. Just behind the white curtains a security guard could be made out. The red-faced man was shouting angrily. The girl's eyes grew wide and tightened more around his waist. Stepping back only slightly, she looked up at him with frantic eyes."You have to listen to me, Severus. I know I'm going to sound crazy, but you have to believe me. You can't let them take me away. Please. It's me. It's"The door slammed open as the curtain was ripped aside. Grabbing his face gently with her hands, she tried to keep his focus on her and continued ignoring the angered staff behind her."Severus. It's me. It's Lily. I can prove it. You were the one to show me magic. You hate my sister. We were at Hogwarts together. The best of friends. James PotterWe""Lily Potter, you let him go right now."Lily's eyes began to tear again as she shook her head. Refusing to look away from Severus, she cried out as she was snatched from his arms."Sev, please. You've got to believe me. Don't let them take me. Sev, please!"Losing color in his face, Severus couldn't believe what he was hearing. It didn't make sense. Was it actually possible? He knew he was amongst muggles. Outside of Lily and Petunia, no one else knew the truth about him. Unconsciously stretching a hand out towards the shrieking female, a needle was lifted in the air and about to make contact with her neck. Feeling a deep sense of danger, he knocked it away."Wait a minute. Let me talk to her.""Sir, this patient needs to be subdued. She's not supposed to be down here. You can make arrangements with the psych ward if you truly wish to speak with her."Another nurse stepped through the crowd with a look of disbelief on his face."You know her? All the years she's been in here no one's ever come to see her. How can you possibly know her?"Everyone's eyes fell on him and the murmurs slowly grew quiet. Even Lily's shrieks subsided for the moment."It's him. It's Severus. I told you all I wasn't crazy. I was right. Today, on the calendar, I told you!"Thinking of an excuse, Severus' face grew blank. "Young Lily here knows me from her childhood. Before I moved, I knew her parents. Only saw her a handful of times. Contrary to your belief, it is possible for her to have recalled some distant memory of me."Lily nodded, desperate to stay in the room with him. Staring both of them down silently, the male nurse gently took Lily's arm in his hand. Gesturing the rest of the staff out of the room, he waited for the last person to leave."While I'm very happy for you, Lily, you cannot just go running off anywhere you please. If Severus here truly did know you and your parents, he will have no trouble completing the necessary paperwork to prove it and scheduling a chaperoned appointment to see you himself. We are returning to your room now. Say goodbye to your friend."Reaching a hand out to him, Lily sobbed loudly as Severus held her hand. She searched his eyes for a minute before squeezing the larger hand a few times."Please come back. I need towe need to talk. Don't leave me here alone."Knowing it would be appropriate to hug a relative stranger in the nurse's eyes, Severus just squeezed her hand back gently."I promise you, Lily. I will always come back to you. You will not be abandoned."The tearful smile stayed on her face as she whispered to herself, "always".
