Disclaimer: J.K. Rowling is one of my favorite authors, and I would never claim her work as my own. If you recognize any of these characters or plotlines, they don't belong to me. I do own this story, but I don't make any money off of it, and I mean no disrespect towards Rowling. Note: If you wish to translate my story into any other language, I ask that you please contact me. I have a right to know. If you choose to translate this without my explicit permission, that will result in me reporting you to the administrators and having you reprimanded. Please keep that in mind. Warning: There are several dark themes within my story  as there are in all of my stories, in case you didn't know. As such, I'd like to give you a trigger warning for [child] rape, murder, torture, PTSD, and more as time goes on.Lucius cackled with laughter as the whip made contact once again, and Hermione cursed the Repetition Charm. He'd cast it so that the whip flogged her bare skin in the exact same spot every time it moved; after ten minutes of this each day for just over two months, it was starting to tear away at her muscle. The eight, long chords of the whip first made impact with Hermione's body on her left hip, wrapping around and upward on her back so that the end of the chords beat against her right breast.She counted the seconds, as this had now become a routine of sorts for her. There were six hundred remaining seconds until the whip would stop. After that, Lucius would typically mock her for anywhere between one hundred and eighty to three hundred seconds. If she bored him, he'd leave sooner, and then he'd send an elf in. Their new elf, Urstbeck, was small and reminded her very much of Kreacher in that he couldn't touch her without mutterings of "mudblood" or "sullied bloodlines". However, she could never really focus on the words, because his task was to scrub rock salt into her wounds until the bleeding halted.This, she was sure, was the most painful way that Lucius could think of. Had he been a Muggle, he might have been kind enough to use flour, as her mother had, but she sincerely doubted that. After all, the only reason that she was ever actually healed was so that, after Narcissa had performed a charm to heal only the first few layers of skin, the wounds could be painfully reopened the following day. Every few nights, just when she was ready to begin sobbing from her hunger pains, Draco would bring in a plate of cold food, dropping it at her feet without so much as a passing glance. She could almost laugh at how pathetic it was that the only time the family bonded was through the torture of a Mudblood.Somehow, she'd gotten lost in this thought and forgotten the pain; her screaming continued, but Lucius stopped at last. It was one of those days where Lucius had apparently found himself rather bored, and he stormed from the chamber at once. Immediately afterwards, Urstbeck appeared to inform her that Master Malfoy had spared her of a salting for that night, and she almost replied, but she thought better of it. The elf had once repeated her disrespectful response to the pureblooded man, and it resulted in another twenty five lashes.Still, she found this "sparing" slightly alarming and wondered if tonight was a night where he might subscribe to his other methods of torture. The "M" carved into her left thigh had already begun to develop an infection, and she didn't particularly desire to find herself with another open wound from his cursed dagger. So, she remained silent and nodded until the elf left her, hoping that perhaps this had been a merciful act after all.A few hours later, however, Hermione realized that her hope had been worthless; Lucius Malfoy was not a merciful man. She realized this after laying eyes upon Draco, who came into the room bearing two disturbing objects which were certainly not the tray of food that he usually brought. Instead, she saw a small vial and a large, frightening snake. She could tell, based on the striping of the scales, that the snake was poisonous, and she reminded herself to read up on the subject, should she ever see a library again.Hermione regarded Draco somewhat cautiously, but she knew that her words would have no effect either way. So, she stared at him with narrowed, hateful eyes at he put down the cage with a shaking hand. She loathed him, this "pureblood" child beast that she had come to know so well in the last four years. His father alone had more dirty blood on his hands than she could even begin to imagine, and she had little to no doubt that he would be much the same, if not perhaps much, much worse."M-Mudblood." He said, surprising her with the upward inflection at the end of the word."Pureblood." She spat in response, hoping that he realized this was no compliment.He seemed not to hear her as he slowly crossed the room, now holding a small block in his hand. He crouched down, making sure that she was still chained to the wall, before placing the block in her mouth and setting the vial down beside her face. At once, she understood what was about to come, and she decided that she did not appreciate the way that the snake was looking at her, as though she was a three course meal eagerly awaiting his mouth.Still, Draco said nothing and hardly moved. He stared at his feet for a moment and released the snake from the cage. Slowly, he stood once more and muttered something under his breath; though Hermione could not tell what was said, she knew the word to be Parseltongue, and that made her all the more eager to return to Harry and Ron.Whilst that thought ran through her mind, the snake sank its teeth into her back, just to the left of her spine. Though the pain was immense, Hermione refused to scream; instead she bit down on the block and stared at Draco's face defiantly. He seemed transfixed by the sight of the snake piercing her flesh again and again, and Hermione realized that Draco was counting, although she couldn't guess what that might be. She squirmed as a bite sank into her spine, but she was held in place by her shackles, and that seemed to make Draco all the more uncomfortable.When she looked up again, turning to call him filth, she realized that he looked on the verge of sickness. She could not, for the life of her, understand when he had suddenly become afraid of blood. After he muttered the word "fifteen", he shouted another foreign phrase in a shaky, terrified shriek, and the snake stopped.It slithered back into its cage, and Draco locked it before turning to her. Hermione wondered if, perhaps, he was preparing to further her torment, but instead he ripped the block from her mouth and forced what was recognizably an anti-venom down her throat. He rolled her onto her stomach, pushing away her robes to inspect the wounds, and it was then that her view of Draco Malfoy permanently shifted. He pressed his fingers against the small puncture on her spine and then brought her to face him with a rough yank of her hair. His fingers were in front of her face, and he glares at her, inaudibly demanding that she, too, inspect the blood dripping from her wounds. She stared for just a moment, and then she spat at his feet."Expecting mud, were you?" She spat out, jutting out her chin in that challenging way of hers.Yes, his father was a fearsome man, but she would never bow to him, just as she would never bow to his young heir. He, in reply, stood and waived a wand over her body, healing all of her physical wounds, except for those left by the dagger. He stared at his fingers, till coated in her muddied blood, and made his way to the door, shutting it quietly after himself.Hermione was surprisingly perplexed by this, finding no reason for him to behave in this way. She thought that perhaps it was just a new way to get her hoped up before crushing them; she knew that after all of this time they thought she had lost her spirit and hope alike, but she hadn't. She was Hermione Jane Granger of the Order of the Phoenix, and she would survive this until she could escape or be rescued. Once she was, she could find Harry, save the world, and then she would be blessed with death. It was that thought that rocked her to sleep until Lucius stormed in the following morning.This, too, was part of their routine, although she wondered what Narcissa knew of it. Each morning, in the earliest of light, Lucius would stroll into the room and clamp her into the ceiling chains used during her lashings before stripping her down. In the earlier days, he had sat across the room, occasionally casting a cutting hex for good fun, and simply stared at her. This had made her cry, the embarrassment completely overwhelming, but she was past that.The first time that his hands touched her body, she was confused. She couldn't imagine why he would want to do such an intimate thing with her, a girl of only fourteen, but she quickly realized the difference between her books and the reality of men. Perhaps, in some other place, this could be a beautiful thing to engage in, but she knew that wasn't what it was in this room. Her innocence had been the first thing he'd taken. Her dignity had been the next. Her self-respect had soon followed, and now she had nothing left to lose. Now, he just raped her to remind her who she belonged to.So, while his hands grasped and prodded, she stared past him and thought of potions she needed to learn to brew. While his hexes and curses hit her flesh, she screamed and recited charms in her head. She no longer cared about her body; she just needed to find a way back to safety. While his teeth marred her body and his dragger carved through her thigh, she thought about Harry's nightmares. And while he laughed manically, forcing himself inside her, she thought about the many details of how she would, one day after the war was won, take her own life. It was these thoughts that kept her sane, if only for the time being.He often left her dangling there for hours, letting her arms ache until she was almost eager to receive her lashings, if only for the pain to end eventually. Today was one of those days, and she resigned herself to get lost in her thoughts for as long as she could to avoid weeping in pain. Lucius loved to see her tears, and this would be the only way that she could defy him, if she could at all. So, she let herself wander, reciting passages of the upcoming year's textbooks, which she had already read.She was so lost, in fact, that she had hardly noticed Lucius's entrance into the room later that day. She could hardly believe that she had already spent so many hours in this position, but the pain didn't matter to her today. Today, she was resigned in the pain, and it was the first day that she did not scream. This made him all the more angry, and she quickly realized that his anger meant that she received twice as many lashes. Still, she couldn't bring herself to scream. Yes, it hurt, but nothing could wound her more than she had already been hurt; nothing could make her feel any worse. Eventually, Lucius was done, and he threw her to the floor in his rage. She had landed on her wrist during the fall, breaking the bone, and her shriek seemed to appease him. She had a feeling, however, that this would be an injury Narcissa would not bother to fix. The weight of the shackle he clasped onto it didn't much help the pain either, and so her shrieking followed Lucius out the door, a smile now on his face.Instead of allowing her the peace of thinking, Hermione was rewarded with something even more wonderful; she passed out from the pain. In her dreams, she was at Hogwarts, reading in the chambers of Professor McGonagall. This was always where she felt safest, in her first year at the school, and she longed for the smell of cinnamon and oak that surrounded her as she read.She could hear the fire crackling in the background and the professor's quill scratching against parchment in front of her. In the dream, she stopped her reading for a moment to take a sip of the warm Earl Grey beside her, and the feeling of it running down her throat was luxurious. Hermione, of course, realized that she was dreaming, but she allowed herself this small reprieve to gather her determination and resolve.She knew that once she left this place she would eventually return to the darkness of the Malfoy dungeon, and she almost wished that she could die in her sleep. Instead, knowing that Harry and Ron would need her to get through this war, she shook the thought away. She would fight, Voldemort would perish, the world would celebrate, and then she could die. Until then, she was resolved to live.She was brought from her dream by the disturbing feeling that eyes were upon her. As it happened, that thought was not unfounded; against the door sat Draco Malfoy, his arms crossed and eyes locked on her face. While she was startled, she knew somehow that she wasn't in as much danger as she had been the previous night, so she allowed herself to relax ever so slightly. Draco crossed the room and came to sit in front of her, legs crossed, on the dirty stones of the dungeon."Give me your hand." He demanded, his voice stoic and cold.Knowing of the family's fondness for knives, Hermione thought she might cry as she stuck her arm out and placed her hand on the floor. She cringed as the shackle on her other arm pulled against her wrist, but she tried not to let him see. Hermione could only consider herself lucky that it had been her left wrist, since she knew that she had no chance of escaping without the use of her good hand.As expected, Draco then showed her a small, ominous looking knife, although she could immediately tell that it bore no kind of dark magic. He stared at her for a moment, looking into her eyes for something  what that might have been, she did not know  and then he pressed the blade deep into the skin of her right palm. She was determined not to flinch, but she couldn't help but think of how her right hand had been rendered useless at the blood began to pool in her palm.To her great surprise and confusion, he then made a similar gash on his own hand. She watched his face carefully as she glanced between his left hand and her right one, eyes widening at the sight of their blood. His eyebrows were knit together in confusion, and it took a long moment before he looked up, staring into her eyes in deep concentration. After he found whatever it was that he was in search of, he took his hand and pressed it to hers, both of them feeling the vibrations of their magic mixing together. Again, he stared at their hands, a look of understanding crossing his face. scream, she gnawed on her lip as the blood began trickling out of her hand. To her surprise, he then made a similar gash on his own palm. She inspected his face as he glanced from his left hand, still dripping blood, to her right one. His eyebrows knit together in confusion, and he stared into her eyes in deep concentration. He took his palm and pressed it to hers, and their hands tingled at the feeling of foreign blood mixing with their own. He then looked back up at her in understanding."Not dirty." He said clearly, and she was somehow amazed that he had just realized this.Instead of making biting comment, she simply nodded and pressed her hand against his. They held this position for several hours as Draco continued to glance between her face and their blood coated hands. Draco looked like an abused animal, almost begging for forgiveness with his sad, broken eyes, and Hermione had to force herself to understand. He'd caused her so much pain and anger over the years, but she knew that he had done only what he was trained to do. Now, he was coping with the realization that the prejudiced values he had been raised with her based on nothing but lies.It was during this time that she realized Draco had truly expected her blood to resemble thick, brown mud. When he had finally realized that everything he'd been taught was untrue, he was broken. His emotional turmoil filled the room like an infectious gas, and Hermione couldn't help but pity him. Hours later, there was a loud clank upstairs, and they were broken out of their trance. He stood immediately and left the room in silence, sparing her only a small glance as he closed the door behind him.Lucius came again that day, crueler than he had been the day before. The elf visited her afterwards, even more rough with his salting than he normally would have been. Narcissa visited for only a moment, healing the skin surrounding her wounds in silence, but still Hermione remained unphased. She was, throughout this dreadful day, too caught up in thoughts of the night before. Draco had not been in the room when his father abused her or when his mother healed her. Last night, she imagined, was the first time he'd ever seen a Muggleborn's blood, since he had yet to take The Mark. It seemed to seriously affect him, and Hermione wondered if he might see her again that night.Sure enough, once the Manor had been silent for many hours, Hermione saw Draco sneak quietly through the dungeon doors, He sat in front of her again, this time slightly more relaxed in posture, and looked at her. He didn't speak for quite some time, but his voice shook when he did."Your parents," He began, voice filled with uncertainty, "They're just Muggles. Their blood looks the same as yours, doesn't it?"She nodded in response.He sighed and leaned forward, rubbing his thumb against the now healing slice on her palm. She took the time that he was so transfixed to inspect him. His face seemed conflicted, but his body was relaxed. There, in his eyes, was a pooling of tears about to fall, and the hand touching hers had begun to shake. She continued her surveying and realized that the object peering out of his robes was a length of Holly with intricate engraving  her wand.Without a second thought, Hermione threw her elbow into his face. She expected him to react faster, but she was somehow able to reach out for her wand with her bad hand and retrieve it before he realized what had happened. Immediately, she had him in a Body Bind and began removing her shackles. Still, he seemed very relaxed as Hermione cuffed him to the wall in her stead. She removed her spell now that he was secured and rolled her wand across the floor, turning back to him to say goodbye.She knelt down beside him, her palm pressed against his, and said, "I know he'll hurt you for this. I'm sorry, but I have to go back."In response, he nodded and reached for something in his pocket  his wand  handing it to her as he said, "Take it. I'll tell him you disarmed me."Hermione nodded and tucked the wand into the tattered robes she wore before retrieving her own wand from the other side of the room.As she began to open the door, she turned back for a moment and said, "Goodbye, Malfoy."He sighed and said softly, "Goodbye, Granger. Don't die on your way back."She nodded and crept out of the room, her heart pounding, as the guilt began to wash over her in violent waves. She shook her head and pressed onward, finding her way out of the Manor after only ten minutes. The rush she felt upon seeing the outside after two months continued to push her, and she couldn't help but cry just a bit as her hand pulled open the gate at the edge of the property. She, after a moment, felt her feel hit the marshes of The Burrow, and she dropped to her knees. Not because she was free or because she had just illegally apparated across several hundred kilometers and into her freedom, but because, during her travel, she had the most disarming thought occur to her.Draco had been carrying two wands. A/N: So, that's it for the first chapter! Just so you know, the ending has already been determined, and it's a matter of going back and editing the garbage which I originally posted.[Also, this is 5th year, but Umbridge won't be making an appearance until very, very late in the story, if she does at all. If she doesn't, rest assured that I'll explain that within the story.] And hold on, there is still some SxH on the way; you just have to wait.
