Okay! Been a while, huh? So I kinda decided to switch err... genre? Not really genre but umm...book? Program? You know what I mean. Not Naruto but now Harry Potter. So yeah. Review? and I don't own Harry Potter or anything really. Things will be more clear soon, I promise. -He looked up as he heard her sharp footsteps echo down the long, grey corridor. A flurry of emotions possessed him as he saw her small, pixie face appear from around the large wooden door."Hey" her small, quite voice said as she shuffled awkwardly towards him.The blonde slipped off the desk he was sitting on and walked gracefully towards her."You know why I..." he began as her face and poise grew more confidence and said."Look, I know why I'm here okay? Spare me the sob story, I don't wanna hear it."He sighed and said "Okay, I won't. But you understand right? It wasn't always like this? I honestly did like you. You do know that right?" He stared into her small dark eyes with his ice grey eyes, piercing her soul and seeing into her inner mind."I know, I know. But seriously, when did it start?" she asked, her eyes gaining no warmth as he looked into her hard face."A while ago, about a month or two? I'm not sure, I kind of lost track of time, it's just so perfect and I lose track of everything when I'm with him." The blonde sighed as a light pink blush danced across his face.A look of disgust came across her face, "It's wrong, completely wrong, and I want NOTHING to do with it, or you."He began to fumble with his hands and his eyes dropped to the floor, "Can... can I at least trust you not to tell anyone?"Her eyes narrowed and she sighed, "I guess not, but don't expect me to accept him just because you're with him. And don't come crying to me when it doesn't work out. Okay?""That's all I ask." He replied as she turned her back to him and stalked out the room. He smirked as he herd her steps echo down the hallway once more.He knew she would accept it eventually, I mean come on, she obviously still loved him. And if he got her to agree, and when he told everyone else, the rest would follow her view like a flock of sheep. He could control her and she would do anything he wanted.It was just a matter of time.- Okay!So review please? Things will get clearer... with time. Get the pun? Ah I'm fantastic. xD review? Please? You get cookies.
