Disclaimer: I own nothing you recognize. It all belongs to the brilliant JK Rowling.Sitting in the Headmaster's office is pretty stressful for most people. They are usually in trouble, about to be scolded or punished, bringing shame to their House and their family. They are usually pretty terrified, because the professors of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry are perfectly capable of handling any mischievous students so if you're waiting to see the Headmaster you've really done something wrong or something in your world has just gone horribly wrong. Even the head boy and girl don't usually get personal audiences with Albus Dumbledore.But the petite, raven haired eleven-year-old sitting across from Dumbledore's impressive figure on the other side of the large mahogany desk is completely calm. Albus Dumbledore's usually twinkling eyes and smiling face are drawn in worry. Minerva McGonagle comes to stand at his shoulder, looking as if something were going to jump out and try to kill her.The girl's eyes don't wander but she takes in everything around her quickly. The paintings on the walls are murmuring to each other, "Is that who I think it is?" "She looks just like her mother." "Look at those eyes. Those are the eyes of a Knite for sure." "She's so cold." "Do you think she could really be so dangerous? She's only a child." "All Knites are dangerous." It is easy to guess why McGonagle is so on edge. The girl takes in Dumbledore who looks contemplative and worried about some issue unknown to the child though he does not seem particularly worried about the power or abilities of the girl before him.He steeples his fingers and looks out over his hands to the dark haired girl. Her startling silver eyes are calm and steady as they meet his own blue orbs. She doesn't smile or seem nervous. Why would she be? As far as anyone knows she is the most powerful magic wielder in the world and has never been treated otherwise."Why are you here child?" it isn't said harshly or demeaningly but he certainly did not expect, nor would he accept, any childish response of "I don't know" or "Because I was sent for." The girl doesn't hesitate but says easily and commandingly, "I am here because I want to learn." "The Knite family has never had a problem teaching their children all they need to know. The letter from your father follows that thought. He has ordered me to leave you to your family. Why would you go against his will?" "I want to learn more than what my father deems appropriate for a child of our family. I have studied the ways of hunting and of my family since before I could walk. I want to meet people. I want to learn how to communicate and I want friends. I am the last child of Knite. Some say I am the strongest. If you are worried about my father making trouble, please rest assured that he will accept my decision. Neither Hogwarts nor you will feel his wrath, I promise. I just want to be normal for a little while." "My dear girl, you will never be normal. That is a fact you must come to accept. You aren't normal. Why would you want to be anything but yourself?" "I need to try. All of my life I have been told I will be the most feared, the most powerful witch the world has ever seen. I have grown up seeing the look in my father's eyes as he plans and plots what he might accomplish with my power. I've seen the fear in the eyes of those I meet on the street."For the first time the girl looks away from Albus, down to her hands folded in her lap. "I know what my father wants from me and I know why he doesn't want me to go to school like other kids. But if I'm as powerful as they say I am then I should be able to make the choice. My father thinks I will grow soft here, surrounded by people and grouped with them. He compares you to cattle fenced off into four pastures. He worries that I will make alliances with unsavory people." "And will you? Will you befriend insignificant half-bloods and muggle-borns? Or will you retain your family's notion of what is a proper friendship?" "I'm old enough to realize the difference between a muggle-born and a pure blood. Do you know the difference Professor?" "You could tell me."She looks back up and into his eyes, a small smile on her face, "The difference is that one knows his past and his future, has it laid out in front of him by others, and the other starts fresh with any number of possibilities in front of him." Dumbledore's smile is instant and lights up the office like a star shining down on the girl, giving her hope. "I want a chance to change the future that's been laid out for me. I don't like what they want for me. If I have so much power then I should be able to change it, right?" "You are absolutely right. You are welcome at Hogwarts."McGonagle flinched and then went to whisper to her colleague. "Albus, she might be dangerous. You don't know what plot her family is cooking up as we speak." "Miss Knite, are you here to sabotage my school or use this as an opportunity to gain followers?" "Of course not. The Knite family does not need followers and those that do follow are not worth our attention. We are not followers and we have no time for them." "That is well rehearsed my dear." "It has been pounded into my head since before I was born. Personally, I would rather have friends than followers." "There, you see Minerva, she understands the responsibility that comes with power. You aren't running away from your responsibilities to your family, you are discovering your responsibilities to the world around you." "That is my wish, my dearest hope. I know I can never be normal, not really, but I want to go to school, to class; I want to get away from my family and learn how someone else sees the world. I want the chance to make friends." "You will have it."Okay, so this was just a short introduction to show the confidence she is born with and the compassion Dumbledore has for her situation.I hope you didn't hate it. I'll update as I can. I'll update sooner if you REVIEW
