A/N: Yes, I'm starting another story. Yes, it's foolish of me because I keep banging on about all the things I have to do and how little time I have to do them. Yes, I struggle with self-control when it comes to challenges. But this is the last one, I swear! :) But this one's different! I know they all say that, but really it is. It's one of those drabble-a-day things. I'll try to update every day using a prompt word from the 366 days challenge on the HPFC. Each chapter will likely be unconnected and shorter than 700 words. In fact, this one is likely going to be on the long side. It's my addiction to vocabulary that really got me this time. I want to learn new words! But I hope you enjoy these random little pieces all the same, which are different from my snapshot story, I assure you (shorter and unrestricted to any specific time like that one is), and I hope the daily exercise improves my writing. Okay, all finished explaining. Hope you like it. Novation: the introduction of something new; innovationJanuary 1, 2000"I've never spent new year's day in a pub, before," said Neville, leaning against the bar. "New year's eve, sure, but I've always been gone by the morning."Ron heaved himself up on the edge of a table. "You've only been out of school for one other New Year's.""I've never served drinks to fifty people at once," Hannah said, wiping a damp rag along the sticky wooden surface of the bar and still looking flushed from the night before."I've never proposed a law to the entire department before," Hermione said from her position at a back table, papers spread out around her and a slightly hysteric look already on her face."You've never taken a holiday off, either, have you?" Ron asked, dropping heavily into the chair beside her,"I've never been engaged before," Harry said dazedly, seated on the bottom steps that led up to the rooms above."That happened like a week ago, mate," Ron called, rolling his eyes. "Old news.""This time next year, I'm going to have a wife!" Harry called back, eyes wide and almost frantic."Not the expression you want to see on your fianc's face when he thinks about being married to you," Ginny muttered, rolling over from where she was sprawled before the flickering fire."I've never been to New Guinea before," Luna said dreamily, lying opposite Ginny on the rug."So let's drink to it," Seamus said a bit drunkenly, crawling out from underneath a table. "New celenium, new mentury, all that.""I think we're done with drinks for a while," said Dean, pulling his friend to his feet and steadying him."Aw, come on, one more for the road," Seamus whined. "Look, I haven't had one drop all year!"In the end, Hannah found a bottle of Fire Whiskey, poured nine mouthfuls, and they gathered round the bar and raised their glasses."To the new year," Seamus said jovially."To a new job," Hannah added, looking fondly around her great uncle's old pub."To changing the legal system," Ron grinned, squeezing Hermione's shoulders."To getting married," said Harry, exchanging the briefest of smiles with his fianc tucked under his arm, all the apology and reassurance either ever needed from the other passing in the gesture."To a new tradition," Neville chimed in, linking his arm through Hannah's an blushing when she winked at him."To introducing ourselves to a new world," Luna finished.And the clink of their glasses cemented the moment.A/N: I'm attempting to restrain myself from so many A/N's in this story, but I do need to add that since I started this on the first of February, I've got a month to catch up on when I find a moment. So new chapters will focus on February words, but occasionally an update will be added to January (like this one). Anyway, read and review, yes? :D
