'I could just kill him,' she thought, her heart beating rapidly. 'It would be so easy. Quick, even.'But Hermione knew she wouldn't. This was a chance to start over. She couldn't abuse it.She fingered the small gold necklace around her neck....Hermione had broken into the headmaster's office. The battle would begin soon. Harry had destroyed most of Voldemort's horcruxes and was now searching for Ravenclaw's diadem. Though the odds of finding the last few were starting to look better, she couldn't ignore the feeling of dread that was beginning to overwhelm her.The walls of the office were lined with ageing, wooden shelves filled with bobbles and books. She passed an intricately carved wooden table that stood center of the entrance space and climbed the stone steps to the headmaster's desk. She passed through rich red curtains, and ignored the suspicious looks from the portraits of the past Headmasters.Dumbledore's portrait was placed center of the wall and he was peacefully dozing.She started when Dumbledore lifted his wrinkled eyelids and his blue eyes met hers briefly. He shifted in his chair and folded his hands neatly into his blue robed lap. Then, with a grave expression, he gestured to the wall beside them.Her eyes darted towards the paneled mirror that surrounded a white carved bowl between the bookshelves. She walked over to the pensieve and watched swirls of blue and blinding white float lazily inside the bowl.A flash of gold caught her eye.Another glint came from the bowl. Curious, she hesitantly reached a hand into the pensieve. There was no bottom and she felt a bit foolish with half her arm sticking in the bowl. That feeling only lasted until she felt something solid in her grasp. She curled her hand around it and pulled it out. In her hand was a crisp white envelope.She walked over to Dumbledore's desk and sat at his chair, causing a few headmasters in their portraits to harrumph loudly at her. But she hardly noticed as she looked over it. The letter was not addressed.She flipped the envelope over and peeled off a red seal that had the image of a phoenix etched into it. Trembling hands pulled out a letter.By the time this is to be read, I shall be dead. Three turns ought to do it at first, but as this is a mere prototype of my own design, where you end up can not be too accurately determined. I designed this with the strictest intentions of fixing mistakes. Hopefully the war has not turned so desperate that some unfortunate hero will need to use this, but if it has, I am dreadfully sorry.I wish you luck.Albus Percival Wulfuric Bryan Dumbldore.And that had ended the very short letter. She turned to look at Dumbledore's portrait, but now it seemed that he really was asleep. Bringing her attention back to the envelope, she reached into the envelope once more.Hermione gasped at what she saw and almost dropped it. 'These were all supposed to be destroyed during the battle at the ministry!' she thought, as her mind went into overdrive."Dumbledore, you ingenious madman!" she breathed.
