Chapter 1The music started playing as everyone stood up. With a gulp she reached to her left and wrapped her arm into the grip of the man next to her. Then he was leading her out into the crowd. The sound of the organ bounced overhead but she wasn't taking that in. The smiles of the people around her were lost to her vision.As she moved down the centre of the church the only thing Alice could see was the man stood at the other end watching her. His grey eyes were filled with love as a coy smile played on his lips. The gaze he gave her made her feel beautiful and all she wanted was to reach him. It took what felt like a lifetime before she stopped and turned to him.The man holding her arm gave it a squeeze and she turned and smiled at him. Taliesin Ddraig simply gave her a nod as he placed her hand into Frank's before he stepped backwards. Around him stepped her three bridesmaids Branwen, Lily and Amanda. Amanda gracefully accepted Alice's bouquet as she followed the other two with the long tails of their dresses sweeping along the cream carpet."My friends we are gathered here today to witness the joining of Frank and Alice in holy matrimony."Alice's stomach wobbled as she looked up at Frank. He was watching her carefully and ever so gently squeezed her hand. She could see that it was shaking and wished that she had more control over herself. But for some reason she couldn't. As the minister outlined the significance of marriage Alice could only gaze at Frank."Does anyone here know of any lawful reason why this pair should not wed? Please speak now or forever hold your peace."Silence answered the statement and relief sailed through her. Not that she had been expecting anybody to object to the wedding. She was of age and so was Frank and neither one was already married. Frank's smile showed that he was just as relieved as she was."Frank if you can please repeat after me."Alice listened carefully as Frank spoke his vows to her."I Frank take thee Alice to be my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse; for richer for poorer; in sickness and in health; to love and to cherish; till death us do part."Her stomach fluttered as she studied him. His eyes were filled with love as he spoke the words to her and she could see that he meant every word that he was saying. Then it was her turn. Her voice was wobbly and she was almost embarrassed to hear the threatening sound of tears in it."I Alice take thee Frank to be my wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse; for richer for poorer; in sickness and in health; to love and to cherish; till death us do part."Her whole body was shaking as she looked at him. He was so handsome in his black suit with the medium champagne waist coat that matched the satin band around her dress and her bridesmaid dresses exactly. The single red rose that sat in his lapel splashing colour. He was the most handsome man she had ever seen and looking at him now she was even more in love with him.The grin that spread up Frank's face as she finished the vows made her want to lean up and kiss him. It took all her will power to remain where she was stood. Then a little movement to Frank's right caught her attention and for the first time she noticed Joe. He was dressed identical to Frank and he gave her a cheeky grin as he passed two rings up to the minister. The man blessed them before turning to Frank. She watched as he picked up the ring and took her left hand trying to hold it steady."With this ring I thee wed; with my body I thee honour; and all my worldly goods with thee I share. In the name of the father, the son and of the Holy Ghost."As he slipped the ring onto her finger she giggled and she saw him shake his head slightly. She looked down at the ring and smiled. It was beautiful just like the engagement ring that still sat on her finger. This one was all gold and crossed over on the front. In the section that crossed over sat diamonds. Frank really had spoilt her when it came to rings.Then it was her turn. She reached over and took a solid gold band ring in her hand. It felt massive in her fingers compared to the dainty little one that she was now wearing. Taking Frank's hand in hers she gave him a smile as she repeated the words whilst slipping the ring onto his finger."With this ring I thee wed; with my body I thee honour; and all my worldly goods with thee I share. In the name of the father, the son and of the Holy Ghost."She heard the minister say something but she wasn't really listening. Frank's lips were forming syllables that only she could see. He was mouthing 'I love you' to her. She grinned as she copied him saying simply 'I love you too'."You may now kiss the bride."She didn't need to be told twice and it was clear Frank didn't either. He cupped her face gently in his hands as he leaned down. His lips gently brushed hers sending a shiver of excitement through her. Then they rested against hers. She wanted to throw her arms around him to deepen the kiss but she knew too many people were watching for that. As they pulled apart she heard the minister's words."Those whom God has joined together, let no man put asunder."Frank was holding her hand as he led her towards the register which had been set to one side. She couldn't help but grin as she watched him lean over and sign his name, Frank Longbottom. She wrote write next to it Alice Scott, knowing that the next time she signed her name it would be as Alice Longbottom. Joe took the pen off her and signed his name as a witness followed by Amanda and Ddraig. Then Alice was being led out of the church for photos.Hi everyoneSo here we are on the final part of the story. Seems like just yesterday that I was posting year 1 and now they've finished and are out in the real world. Don't wory though because this one is going to be long. and its going to cover a couple of years so we got a lot of chapters to come. This one is quite small but its the start of the changes that we are going to see now that they are grown up. So I hope you enjoy and its goodbye to Alice Scott and hello to Alice Longbottom the first change of many. Hopefully you'll have another post soon. And I just want to say thank you to everyone who has taken the time to read from the first part because I know that there is a lot of thingsto read.Kris xxx
