I do not own Harry Potter and this story is slightly AU.I Am The HeirChapter One "It was a moment of lust, not love that produced you. It was curiosity, not love that made me see you when you were born. It was your power, not my love that allowed you to live."His words rang through my head as I paced in front of the fireplace. He told me this all last summer, when Wormtail brought him to Lestrange Manor. I didn't care nor do I now. He is incapable of love, so why should he love me? Even if I am his son, his heir, his continuation of the Slytherin line.I caught a glimpse of myself in the cracked mirror above the fireplace. My black hair was sticking up on the side; I had fallen asleep on the train ride home and had not had a chance to comb it. My dark eyes scanned the rest of my face as it always did.Those were the only features that I shared with my father. On some days, I was annoyed by this. On others, I rejoiced for it. My maid always told me that I looked more like my mum. But I wouldn't know; there are no pictures of her. All I know is that she was a Pureblood and that's all that matters.I can imagine that Salazar Slytherin would laugh at what his line has become. Laugh that his two only descendents are Half-Bloods. Their father and grandfather was a Muggle, filth. Yes, he would laugh.Suddenly, the fireplace erupted into emerald flames and a tall snake-like name with no hair and no nose glided towards me. For a moment, I was transfixed like a small bird looking into the eyes of a cobra. His scarlet eyes looked at me with contempt and growing angry at my disrespect.I fell to my knees before him, my head bowed, looking at his bare feet. He was silent as he moved throughout the room."How long have you lived here?" My father asked in a cold voice."Thirteen years, my Lord." I answered, still looking at the floor."Who brought you here?" He asked indifferent."Bellatrix Lestrange, my Lord." I said. "When you disappeared, she got me and brought me here. She told her maid to raise me. Then she left to find you.""And no one has found you?" He asked dubious from somewhere behind me."The Lestrange Manor sealed itself when its owners were captured." I said, still kneeling and bowing my head."And the maid?" My father asked his voice at my shoulder.I slowly raised my head, a smirk playing on my face, and my dark eyes flashing with excitement at the memory."Outlived her usefulness."He laughed a cold, high pitched laugh."Rise, my son." He said.I rose to my feet and stood straight backed and proud. I carried myself like a proper Pureblood gentleman. My father chose a seat and sat in it like it was a throne. I remained standing in front of him and he made no motion for me to sit down."Have you been successful in your mission, boy?" He asked."Yes," I said. "Potter trusts me as one of his closest friends and no one suspects my ancestry, not even the Champion of Mudbloods and Muggles himself.""One of his closest friends?" My father repeated."He has made friends with a blood traitor, Ronald Weasley, and a Mudblood, Hermione Granger." I said with a sneer."Are you in Slytherin?" My father asked."The hat barely touched my head." I smirked. My father looked pleased."Now, we begin your training."One year later, I was pacing in front of the same fireplace in Lestrange Manor. I was shaking in anger. Potter and his idiot friends had gotten in the way again. They destroyed the prophecy and got almost a dozen Death Eaters locked up in Azkaban.The emerald flames erupted in the fireplace and my father stormed out, throwing a woman with wild black hair in front of him. He kicked her as hard as he could and she curled into a ball.I got a better look at her as my father kicked her onto her back. Blood was matted in her hair, staining her black dress, coating her arms and legs. One of her eyes was swollen and a dark bruise claimed it. Her limbs were twitching and she looked like she had not gotten sleep since the Ministry screw-up."Crucio!" My father said with malice.Bellatrix Lestrange writhed and screamed in agony, but her voice was nearly gone; the sign that she had been subjugated to this curse too many times before. Her screams pleased me. Her agony made me smile. Even though I wasn't the one casting the curse, I felt powerful."Finish her." My father commanded as he released her and left the room.I walked over to her twitching body. Her breaths sounded harsh and unwilling to come out. Her black eyes stared at me with a blank expression.Vulnerable.Gently, I lifted her into a sitting position. She gripped my arms to keep herself from falling back down. I moved my hands so that I was cradling her face."You failed." I said in a soft voice.Her eyes started to fill with more tears."You failed Him." I continued in the same soft voice.This was how my father and I dealt out punishments with the Lestranges, the only Death Eaters allowed to know about me. He pierced, tortured, kicked, punched, and destroyed their bodies. I pierced them with soft, truthful words. I toyed with their minds, while he toyed with their bodies.It was the perfect punishment."Andrew." His voice commanded from the next room.I stood and left Bellatrix whimpering on the floor. I walked with a powerful stride reserved only for those who deserve it. I opened the door and my father stood before me."My Lord," I said, bowing my head."Will Potter rescue his friends if they were in trouble?" My father asked."Yes, without a second's hesitation." I answered."I want you to seduce the Mudblood." My father said.My mouth opened and I forgot that I wasn't supposed to do that."What?" I stammered out before I realized that one does not question Lord Voldemort.He punched me in the face for my disrespect."If she trusts you, she will follow you, and, therefore, can be used as bait to get Potter." My father said.I didn't say anything. Even though, I was supposedly Potter's, Weasley's, and Granger's friend, I refrained from touching any of them. Especially, Granger."You will do this." My father ordered."Yes, my father." I said, bowing my head in submission.
