A/N: Welcome to story number 2 of my Harry Potter fanfics. Fun fact, this chapter was originally a lot longer; then I realized it was probably too long, so I ended up splitting it up. Which is why this chapter seems short compared to the next one.As always, Harry Potter does not belong to me, as does nothing else from the Harry Potter world.~LJ:SP~Chapter 1  A Marvelous BirthdayIt was a rather beautiful July morning in New Jersey. Elizabeth JonesLiza, to those who knew herwas lying on her bed, grinning at the ceiling. Not only was it her birthday, she was going to visit her most favorite family later that day. One of her best friends, Ron Weasley, had invited her to come and stay with his family until it was time to go back to school.Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Liza's heart ached just thinking about the place. Hogwarts truly was a home away from home. She couldn't wait to get back and see the rest of her friends."Liza!" Sue Jones called from another part of the house. Sue was Liza's adoptive mother. Liza's real parents had been killed by followers of You-Know-Whothe darkest, most evil wizard of his timebut Liza was brought to Sue and her husband Dan for safety before her real parents had died. If her real parents had survived, Liza would have gone back to living with them in England. But they hadn't, and so Liza stay in the United States with the Jonses.Fortunately, since Liza was born in England, her name had been listened at Hogwarts. Professor Dumbledore, headmaster of Hogwarts, had therefore extended an invitation to Liza, and she had gladly excepted."Yeah, Mom?" Liza yelled back now. She slowly sat up, looking around her room. It was pretty bare, seeing as everything she needed for school was packed away in her trunk."Come here for a moment, sweetheart," Sue said. Liza sighed and pushed herself to her feet. Her cat Boots lifted her head to look at Liza. Liza trudged from her room and down the hall. The first place she checked was the kitchen, and sure enough, Sue was in there. She was sitting at the table, reading a book."What's up, Mom?" Liza asked, coming to a halt in front of Sue."Did you finish cleaning your room?" Sue asked, looking up from her book."Yeah," Liza answered, feeling slightly annoyed. Why had she come all the way down here just to answer that question?"All packed? Sure you have everything?" Sue pressed."Yes, Mom," Liza replied. Sue could hear the annoyance in her adopted daughter's voice. She placed her bookmark in her book and let the cover close."Liza, I just want to make sure you're absolutely certain that you're ready for school," Sue said. "I know you love it over there, I really do." Guilt immediately filled Liza's gut."Mom, I love you, and Dad," she assured her mom. "Yes, I love it there, but I love it here, too." Sue smiled sadly."Oh, I know, honey," she said. "It's hard to see my daughter start to grow up." Liza rolled her eyes but smiled."Mom, I'm only twelve," she mumbled."Oh, I know," Sue replied. "So, when are the Weasleys expecting you?""Noon!" Liza announced, her smile growing. "Then it'll be right around dinner for them. Mrs. Weasley said not to eat anything before I leave." Sue let out a quiet chuckle."Well, that's all I really wanted to know," she said. "Dad will be home to say goodbye." Liza nodded then hurried back to her room. Boots was still curled up on the bed, snoozing as always. Liza scratched the cat's head before moving to her dresser. There was a small mirror against the wall above the dresser, and Liza looked carefully at her reflection.Liza smiled to herself. She felt a great deal older than she did on her last birthday. It was probably because of completing her first year at school. Before last year, she had never been to a school before. Physically, she was starting to look different as well. She had grown a few inches over the past year, and she had cut her once-long hair from hanging down to the middle of her back to only falling to the spot between her shoulder blades.After contemplating her appearance for a while, Liza picked up the only thing laying on the dresser top. It was a silver locket necklace with the initials "L.E." on it. She had received it for Christmas the previous year, and according to the giver, it had belonged to her real mother. Liza fastened the necklace behind her neck and fixed her hair so it wasn't under the chain."Liza!" Dan, Liza's adoptive father, called from below. He must have just arrived home, Liza determined, and she hurried out of her room and back down the stairs."Hi, Dad!" she exclaimed, hurrying up to her father. She wrapped her arms around his middle, and he hugged her back tightly."All set, pumpkin?" he asked as he pulled away. "Got everything packed up and ready to go?""Yes, Daddy," Liza replied, giggling. Dan smiled sadly down at her."You're mother and I are going to miss you very much," he said. "I hope you don't forget about us when you're off having all kinds of wonderful adventures.""I won't forget you guys," Liza said immediately. "Of course I won't. I love you guys." Dan chuckled quietly."Well, do you need some help carrying your trunk down from your room?" he asked. Liza nodded."It's pretty heavy," she informed him. "I don't think I could carry it down by myself.""The great part about being of age," Dan started, "is that I have the help of magic on my side." He winked at Liza, who giggled again. "Come on, you better show me where everything is." Liza led her father upstairs and pointed out her trunk. As Dan levitated it out of the room and down the stairs, Liza took a last look around the room. Everything was put away in its place. The only remaining thing was to put Boots in her carrier."C'mon, Bootsie," Liza cooed, scooping up her cat. Boots squirmed a bit, but Liza held fast. She picked up the carrier and put Boots inside it, who immediately mewed in protest. "Oh, shush, Boots. When we get to the Burrow you'll get to roam free." Boots quieted a little as though she had understood what Liza had said but was still annoyed at being in the carrier."Liza!" Sue called from below. "Liza, there's someone here to see you!" Liza's heart leapt in joy and she practically ran down the stairs, being sure not to jostle Boots too much.Standing in her living room was Ron Weasley, grinning widely, along with his father. Liza bolted forward and threw her arms around Ron's neck, hugging him wildly. Ron didn't quite know how to respond, so he merely put his arms around her and squeezed her back. Liza pulled away after a moment, smiling as well."All right?" Ron asked."I'm good," Liza replied. "And you?""Doing well," Ron answered. The Mr. Weasley stepped forward and Liza gave him a hug as well; Mr. Weasley was like a second father to her."Well, now," Mr. Weasley said, "you're parents tell me that you've got everything packed a ready to go. Molly's got dinner cooking as we speak for when we get back. I don't want to rush you, but we should probably be leaving soon. You and Ron will be leaving by Floo, and I'll Disapparate. It'd probably be best if I took your cat for you," he finished, eying the cat carrier that Liza had left on the couch. "Animals don't usually respond well to Floo travel," he added in explanation."That's fine," Liza said. "I'm sure she's already mad at me for putting her in the carrier in the first place." The she turned to her parents."Now, you be a good girl," Sue said, her voice wobbling slightly. "Do what the Weasleys tell you to. Write to us. And have a good time back at school." Liza went to her mother and hugged her tightly."Don't worry, Mom," she murmured. "I'll be good." Sue pulled away and gave her daughter a watery smile. Then Liza moved over and hugged Dan. Then she went to the fireplace and showed Ron where the Floo powder was. Ron took a handful and threw it into the fireplace. The flames became green immediately. Mr. Weasley stood Liza's trunk on its side in the flames.."Goodbye, Mr. and Mrs. Jones," Ron said, waving at them. Then he stepped in next to the trunk, grabbed hold of it, and shouted, "The Burrow!" With a whoosh, he was gone. Liza picked up the cat carrier and handed it to Mr. Weasley. Then she took her own handful and threw it into the fireplace. She turned and waved back at her parents."Bye Mom, Dad," she said. "I love you!" Dan moved to stand next to his wife, putting an arm around her shoulders."Goodbye, munchkin," Dan said. "Be safe!""I will," Liza promised. Then she stepped into the flames and said firmly, "The Burrow." Then she was flying through the Floo network, watching other fireplaces whip by. She kept her elbows tucked into her sides. After a while, the other fireplaces began to slow down until she was being deposited onto the floor at the Burrow. She looked up to see the friendly faces of five other Weasleys."Liza!" Ginny, Ron's younger sister, cried happily, bouncing on the balls of her feet. She was a year younger than Ron and Liza, and she was going to be a first year at Hogwarts that year. George and Fred, the infamous Weasley twins, darted forward to help Liza up off the floor. They were two years ahead of Liza and Ron in school; they would be starting their fourth year in September. As soon as Liza was on her feet, George swooped her up in a hug."We missed you, Little E!" he practically shouted in her ear, calling her by the nickname he and Fred had given her the following year. George had barely set her down when Fred picked her up and swung her around as well."Hi, Fred, George," Liza laughed breathlessly. "I missed you guys too." Then she pulled Ginny into a hug. Even though they had only met a year ago, Liza still felt like Ginny was her younger sister. The last Weasley to come forward was Mrs. Weasley, beaming at Liza warmly."Liza, dear," she said, pulling Liza into a hug as well. "You look very well. I hope you're ready for a wonderful birthday dinner!""I am so ready for a birthday dinner," Liza replied, smiling at the woman. "It's sounds wonderful. Thank you, Mrs. Weasley.""Oh, it's no trouble at all," Mrs. Weasley said, although the look of pride on her face was unmistakable. "It'll be a little while yet. Why don't you get your things to Ginny's room and get settled a bit?" Liza nodded and turned to the other Weasleys. Fred and George immediately volunteered to heft the trunk up to Ginny's room. Just as they were about to go up the stairs, the door in the kitchen swung open."Liza!" Mr. Weasley called, having just Apparated home. "I have a cat here for you!" Liza turned and hurried into the kitchen."Thank you, Mr. Weasley," Liza said gratefully. She quickly opened the carrier and pulled the concerned looking cat from it. Boots looked at Liza in recognition and rubbed her face against Liza's neck. Then Liza turned and hurried up to Ginny's room to find the others."So how has the summer been?" Liza asked as soon as she rejoined the other Weasleys. She let Boots hop down from her arms, and she immediately went to sniffing the new surroundings."It's been alright," George answered, lounging on the cot that Liza would be sleeping on. "Pretty much the same as every other summer. Hot and slightly boring.""I wrote to Harry asking if he wanted to come stay, too," Ron told Liza. "I haven't heard from him all summer though. I hope those Muggles are treating him alright.""I haven't heard from him, either," Liza said, frowning. Then she noticed the look on Ginny's face when she heard them talking about Harry. It was a sort of dreamy face, like she was lost in thoughts far away from them. Liza snapped her fingers in front of Ginny's face, who jumped slightly."Sorry," she said immediately. "Dazed off a bit there." Ron snorted."Ginny has a crush on Harry," he explained to Liza. Ginny swiped at Ron, who barely ducked out of the way. Ginny's cheeks were burning bright red."I do not have a crush on Harry!" she squealed in a slightly higher voice than normal. Liza saw Fred and George exchange wicked smirks."Don't feel bad, Ginny," Fred said. "We all have slight crushes on Harry. Right, George?""Right, Fred," George picked up. "He's so absolutely dreamy. And he's a hero! And famous!""Oh so famous!" Fred continued in a falsetto. "And he is so good looking!""Okay, you guys, lay off," Liza said, cutting them off. Ron was laughing uncontrollably, and Fred and George were grinning in success. Liza flicked George's ear."Ow, Liza," he cried out in mock pain. "Please, don't hurt me! I won't ever say it again, I swear!" Liza couldn't help but giggle at this one, and even Ginny cracked a smile."Kids!" Mrs. Weasley called from the kitchen. "Dinner's ready! Wash up and then come down here please!" Liza grinned and followed the other Weasley children to wash up and then to the kitchen. Mrs. Weasley had laid out quite the feast for them, including a marvelous birthday cake. It was one of Liza's best birthdays ever.~LJ:SP~
