Disclaimer; I don't own anything but the plot and the OCs.A/N: Hi! I just feel like writing a silly but fun story, this might not be your cup of tea but it's sure to be interesting, I promise! Give it a chance and leave a review!This chapter contains drug taking. Enjoy!Update from 16/09 - this story has been renamed WILD BOYS.xoxo1: The IncidentSirius started scratching his head and then hurried to scratch his arm. He flinched and turned to face the door before looking back at James, who was wiping his red nose and grinning.'Last line Seers,' he slurred, 'want it, or are you gonna let me?'Sirius ignored him, looking back at the remnants of the cocaine lines on the table. They looked both beautiful and terrifying. James started talking again but he couldn't hear his friend. All he could hear was the beating of his heart; it sounded like a drum. His chest started hurting, and another bead of sweat dripped down his face and across his lips. It tasted salty.In the background, the hard thumping of the speakers resonated, drowning out all sound. James turned the volume down, cursing when he poked his eye with his own finger.'Seers, are you alright?'Sirius watched James's lips move but he didn't hear a word, his head felt like it was pounding and pounding and pounding and He fell to the side and was overwhelmed with a dizzy feeling. It wasn't a pleasant feeling at all and for a moment he felt like Alice, tripping through the hole after following that damn rabbit. The only thing he could see was a roach, the butt of their last joint. It looked like a long and winding tunnel, and if he closed his eyes slightly, it felt like he was running through it.His hair was thick and greasy, matted to his sweaty pale forehead. His hands were dripping with perspiration but worst of all, his chest was hurting bad. His heart was beating rapidly and irregularly, he could almost hear its confused and distorted beat  da-dum-dum ... dum-da-dum.'Paddy, get up!' James laughed. The high for him hadn't faded yet. He was still higher than a fucking kite. He was enjoying it all.I can't, Sirius wanted to scream, but he couldn't. He couldn't open his mouth. His body felt dry and cold and dead; could your body even feel dry and cold and dead all at the same time? He could see a light before his eyes. It looked like a ball of fire; it was a ball of fire. He let out a frightened and scared shriek, trying to move but failing.'FIRE!' he cried, his mouth opening and closing in a noiseless scream.'No Pads! No, it's the light bulb, Sirius! It's a light bulb you fucking prat!' James roared, before laughing again. He was sobering up quickly though, the marijuana, the vodka, the cocaine ... the effects were fading. Because Sirius was convulsing.Sirius's body was shaking. He was trembling. Sirius was trembling.'Sirius?' James breathed, crawling over to his friend and knocking the roaches and empty bottles away from them. He came to rest at Sirius's head. His friend was breathing in very fast and very hard, almost as if each breath could be his last. His eyes had rolled back into their sockets and his body was contorting into funny shapes.Soft murmurs escaped Sirius's mouth. Words that sounded a lot like 'ambulance' and 'fire brigade' and the one that frightened James the most, 'it hurts'.'REGGIE! REGULUS! COME UP HERE NOW!' James cried, trying to stand up but failing to. He put his ear to Sirius's mouth and could hear and feel the breathing getting fainter and fainter. James slammed his fist down on Sirius's muscular chest.After a moment, he turned to look at his friend again. Sirius looked peaceful now. His breathing had almost stopped. James could barely comprehend what was going on. They'd taken cocaine before, it wasn't a big deal! But Sirius had snorted more than James, way more. And you never even knew when you were going to overdose on cocaine.The door burst open and in hurried the six year old Regulus, who tripped over one of the bottles and barely managed to right himself.'Jamie?' Regulus breathed, hurrying forward. 'What's happened Jamie?'James grabbed his best friend's little brother by the lapels and dribbled a little, wiping his lip roughly when he noticed. 'Reggie, mate, you need to get me the phone, get your big brother the phone, okay? Go get me the phone.' The faster the seconds ticked by, the more sober James became. His heart was beating fast and the incredible elation and euphoria created by snorting cocaine was now fading, it was all fading.He looked back down at Sirius, his face drenched in sweat and his body still. He pressed his ear to Sirius's chest and when he could hear nothing, he cried out. James slammed his fist down onto Sirius's chest. There was no response.'No, no, I'm begging you Paddy mate please, please, dear God,' James cried, slamming his fist down again. Then he took Sirius's face into his hands and pressed their lips together in something that resembled an open mouth kiss. He forced as much oxygen as he could into his friend's mouth and made a noise that sounded somewhere between a choked sob and a gasp. Sirius wasn't waking.'Sirius, please, I'm begging you,' James breathed, sucking in some more oxygen and exhaling once again. He continued this for a few more seconds, desperation and blind fright taking over every single sense.Regulus came running into the room, the phone in his hand.'What num''999!' cried James, throwing his glasses to the floor and wiping his forehead. It was as if the harder he pumped Sirius's chest, the less of a result he got. But then, it happened. His friend started moving. His eyes were still closed, his mouth slack and his tongue peeping out, but he moved ever so slightly.The sound of his heart filled the deadly silence and James almost sighed happily. He was so happy. A laugh slipped out of his mouth, and then he fell. He was falling. The ground sped up to meet him and the last thing James heard was Regulus, slapping his face and telling him there was a man on the phone.xo Sirius had beautiful grey eyes; to most people they looked like contacts. His hair was wavy and fell to his jaw in luscious black waves. His skin was white and pale, but still maintained the faint tan he had acquired during those three blissful weeks spent in Italy last month. He had aristocratic features, like the prominence of his jaw line and the sharpness of his cheekbones. He really was quite beautiful.He lay on a hospital bed and had been resting on it for hours now. James lay on the bed beside him, his dazzling hazel eyes closed but his mind wide awake and aware. He was pretending to sleep because he could hear his parents and Sirius's parents talking about them. Regulus was crying and Mrs Potter was sniffing.'almost died ... my poor baby,' sobbed Mrs Dorea Potter.'But thanks to my little hero Regulus, they're alright. They're going to survive this. We're all going to get through this.' The rumbling and seductive voice of Walburga Black interrupted. She sounded not nearly as upset as Dorea, but she was a good actress, and her voice held the perfect mixture of disappointment and grief.'That's right; it's all thanks to Reggie that they're alive. Aren't you a good boy Reg?' Dorea said.'Sirius!' cried Regulus, hurrying forward and evading the arms of his Mother. He leapt onto the body of his brother and started kissing Sirius's cheek and face and lips. 'Oh Seers! I was so worried, but I got the ambulance you see! You were hurt, I was so scared, but it's okay now, you're okay!'Sirius groaned and tried to push his brother's body away from him. He yawned and then groaned in pain. 'James,' he croaked, turning his head and crying out softly. There was a beeping noise, loud and clear, and a bunch of numbers started flashing on the screen.In rushed a nurse, young and pretty but very urgent. 'It's okay Mr Black, you're blood pressure has just rocketed up, I need you to take it easy and stay quiet, don't talk, got it? Good boy. Now, squeeze my finger ... good ... good boy. A little harder if you can ... yes, you haven't lost any feeling in your limbs. You're just stressed and taking time to adjust. I need you to try and stay calm for me, you can't be overexerting yourself.'Sirius moaned, his eyes rolling back a bit in their sockets and his body quivering in pain. His limbs were hurting and aching, almost like he'd done a workout for hours and had muscle strains.'I think it's best,' said the nurse, tucking her auburn hair behind her pale ear, 'it's best if you all leave for a bit, just so I can treat these handsome strong boys and give them time to rest.' Her voice was the kind that grew very annoying very quickly.Dorea Potter was about to object but her husband, Charlus, put an arm around her shoulders and shushed her. 'It's alright; we'll just be in the cafe. We'll come and see these boys in a little while but they need to get better first, darling.'She sighed, her body slumping a little. 'Okay.' She walked over to James, who was still pretending to be asleep, and kissed his forehead. 'I love you Jimmy.' Then she followed her husband back out, whom too, repeated the same words as his wife.The Blacks however, were not as warm or as loving toward their son. Walburga's furiously beautiful eyes met her son's, and they betrayed the uncontained anger she felt. 'I'll speak to you later.' She was seething, and her voice sounded like she was barely managing to control and tame the anger she felt.Mr Orion Black didn't even look at his son; he just brushed the shoulders of his blazer and took his smaller son's hand. Without even a parting glance, he walked out of the room and closed the door behind him.'Don't think for a moment Sirius,' whispered Walburga, stepping closer to her son and ignoring the protesting nurse, 'that you'll be coming home after this.' Then she glared at him, James and the nurse before walking off, the silence resounding after the clicking of her heels faded.'Oh, well isn't that just horrid!' gasped the nurse, tutting and shaking her head. She took Sirius's hand and pressed the tip of a needle into his wrist, ignoring his hiss. The monitor started beeping again and the nurse shushed him, reassuring him and telling him how proud she was of the progress he was making.'I'll be back in a short time to check your friend and then breakfast will be served.' She smiled at Sirius and closed the door behind her.The room was large and white and everything Sirius's hated. It was too open. The beds had about two metres between them and monitors on either side. There were tubes wrapped around Sirius's wrists and even one going up his nose. The window was open, pushing in a soft spring breeze. He breathed in deeply and smiled, ignoring the lone tear that dribbled down his face from the amount of pain he was going through.This was it. They were going to finally kick him out. They could have another baby; his parents were still young; Sirius had been born when they were nineteen, married and very rich. In fact they were incredibly rich; Sirius's father, along with James's, were descended from royalty, centuries back. In fact, Sirius's grandfather had been a lord. He was dead now though. Both men were still relatively young and in their late thirties. He and Charlus had known each other way before they had even known their wives.And so because of the close friendship between Orion and Charlus, Sirius had always been best friends with James, since they were babies. There were three months between them. And both boys, with no siblings, had immediately become family. They even had their own rooms at each other's houses. Then when Sirius was ten, Regulus had been born. He loved his baby brother with every fibre of his very being.But he did not, however, like his parents very much. Not one bit, hence the cocaine-snorting.'Sirius?' James croaked, turning to face his friend. They looked at each other for a long moment, taking in the pale skin and the red bags and the semi-closed eyes of one another. James winced when he spotted the tubes coming in and out of Sirius's body.'Jamie,' the other breathed hoarsely, his throat grating together. He hissed in pain. It was hard to get his head around all that had happened. He had almost died. He had almost died! Dear God, he had almost just died! It was a frightening thing to hear, more frightening than even the possibility of leaving home, leaving London and Regulus and James. But now he thought about it, he didn't want to leave his friend, his best friend.'Oh Pads,' James whispered, his eyes watering. 'I've never been so scared'The door opened and in came the same nurse, smiling at them and carrying a clipboard. She also had a small tray with her that had some needles on it. She smiled at them and ushered them to carry on talking, whilst she approached each of their monitors and inspected them.'I've never been more scared for you in my life Sirius, dear God; I thought you were dead...''You almost were,' a doctor said from the doorway. He was a tall man with an identical clipboard to the nurse. His face wasn't as friendly but he smiled at them; though it was a rather bland smile. 'I'm Doctor Hagigi, it's nice to meet you Mr James, Mr Sirius...' His voice sounded like one of those voices that featured in horror movies, the ones that belonged to the villain. It wasn't a very nice voice.His eyes were almost black, a charcoal black; deep like the night and just as fathoming. His skin had an unusual complexion, like a mixture of olive and snow. His blond hair was slicked back; Doctor Hagigi was impeccably neat. He was the kind of man that resembled Sirius's own father. He didn't much like his own father, so that was not a compliment.'I almost died,' Sirius breathed, ignoring the soft drumming of the monitor besides him, where the nurse (Nurse Frankie) was injecting something into a bag of liquid that was linked by a tube to his body.'Yes, if not for your friend, you would still be here, oh yes, but four floors down in the morgue.'Sirius, James and Frankie all frowned. 'H-How ... how did I survive?' Sirius whispered, biting his lip.'Mr Potter here administered CPR, though a poor version at that. Then your little brother, Regulus is it? He called the ambulance and we got to your home within four minutes. Your parents, were they at the theatre? They took two hours to get here, but James's parents rushed right away. They were ever so worried about the both of you.' His voice was almost a taunt, and he had a horrid sort of sneer on his face.'Cocaine overdose Pads, you overdosed...' James said quietly. 'I kissed a boy ...'Sirius didn't know whether to laugh or grin or shout. He stayed quiet instead. 'I didn't even know I was overdosing, not until the ... did I have a seizure?''You had a seizure yes. You also had a serious increase in blood pressure and you were clinically dead for two minutes. You're very lucky Sirius, incredibly lucky indeed.''What about ... James,' he panted in reply, the energy it took to talk overwhelmed him now and he was grasping onto sanity and consciousness. He had to stay awake.'Your friend fainted, nothing too serious. He didn't overdose, if that's what you mean. He's here because we need to monitor him to ensure nothing happens, nothing bad at the very least. Now, Mr Black, I need to ask you a few questions and check a few things, your vitals, your blood pressure, your levels''Vitals? Levels?' he managed to gasp.Doctor Hagigi gave him a bitter smile. 'It won't hurt at all.''Don't worry Pads, I'm here okay, we can talk about all of this later, I promise.'Sirius whimpered in pain, letting out a soft whine. 'Pain killers,' he wheezed, sucking in a raggedy breath, 'I need pain killers.''Doctor Hagigi? Shall I ...''In a moment, it's not essential right now. Bear with us for a moment Sirius, Mr Black? Hang in there for a moment...'But it was too late, Sirius was slipping further and further into unconsciousness and he could barely even keep his eyes open. The last thing he saw were Frankie's wide and rather pretty dark brown eyes.xoJames watched Sirius's body. He was breathing in evenly and it reassured him a lot. James didn't need any of those silly tubes in him anymore, just some bed rest. He was both disappointed and relieved. Disappointed because the coke they'd finally managed to get their hands on in weeks had ended in utter disaster. Relieved because perhaps the most important person in his life was alive and well and now stirring awake on the bed besides him.James licked the spoon and winked at Regulus, who sat in a chair between his two brother's beds. Regulus regarded James as a brother; the sixteen-year-old was at him and Sirius's house almost as much as he himself was. They both watched the stirring figure on the bed and smiled when he opened his beautiful eyes and yawned, moving without crying out in pain.So the ibuprofen was working then? Good, James was sick of hearing the pain his friend was in. He smiled when their eyes met and blew Sirius a kiss, before frowning. He had kissed his friend. An open mouthed, saliva-exchanging, tongues-briefly-touching CPR sort of kiss. He shivered.'What's wrong?' The handsome Black's voice was only a little stronger. James took a moment to look around the empty room. The parents had only left about fifteen minutes ago to go to the cafe and discuss "adult" things. It pissed James off quite a bit. They were talking about him; he knew they were talking about him and Sirius and what they had done. Dorea had seemed incredibly reluctant, but a whisper from Orion had been enough for Charlus to oblige and follow. It always seemed to be in that precise order: whisper, oblige, follow.James opened and closed his eyes when Sirius once again asked what was wrong.'I gave you CPR Sirius, we kissed, I felt your stupid tongue on mine and we exchanged saliva and ... and isn't that the sort of thing you're into? I'm not gay, no I'm not'Sirius laughed shortly. 'I'm not gay too James, I'm bisexual. They're really two completely different things, okay? And really, I'm only half bisexual. I've only been out with like three guys as opposed to''About a million girls? That's true ... hey Reggie, how happy are you to see your two big brothers are okay now?' James said, winking at his little brother and grinning when the small boy squealed.'I'm very happy, I'm very very happy!' Regulus said. He got up, brushing the shining black strands of hair away from his face and leaping onto James's bed. He kissed the spectacled boy (who at the moment was not wearing his glasses) on the cheek, and then he ran a hand through his big brother's hair. 'I saved the day, didn't I?''You were like Spiderman and Hulk and Batman. In fact Reggie, I think you did an even better job than them.' James said, tickling his little brother all over and grinning when he could hear the childlike squeals of delight. 'Now, go over to Pads and see if he's okay. He went through something very hard, but remember to be gentle Reggie; you need to be careful around Sirius for now.'The small boy nodded, tucking his hair behind his ear and pecking James on the cheek before hopping off his lap. Regulus approached Sirius almost tentatively and smiled softly when his older brother opened his arms. He settled in those arms; muscular and tanned and really quite attractive. It was where Regulus felt he belonged. He nestled into his brother and cuddled up to him, beaming when he was kissed on top of the head.'Thank you Regulus.' Sirius said quietly, sniffing the adorably poignant scent of his brother and smiling. Sirius didn't want this to end; for the life of him, he did not want to have to go. But he would have to go; his mother wouldn't settle with him staying here after he embarrassed the whole family and almost died. Walburga knew about Sirius's drug taking, but she never knew it was so out of hand, she never knew it was drugs like cocaine!'I'm so glad you're okay Sirius.' James suddenly said, with mooned over eyes and a worried smile. They exchanged that knowing and knowledgeable sneer between them and then winked simultaneously.'I'm glad I have such faithful siblings. I think if old mum was there, then I'd be down there.' He pointed at the ground. James shook his head but Sirius rolled his eyes. 'You heard her didn't you? She's getting me out of here; she doesn't want anymore shame coming on the family name, old bint. But even you Jamie, even you know that my dear old mum never backs down from a threat. She's going to ship me off to America or ... or France or somewhere.''Not America, never America,' the seductive voice of Walburga Black interjected. She looked almost exactly like Sirius, from the stunning silver eyes down to the aristocratic features. The black and glossy hair was longer than his and pinned up in an elaborate bun. Her skin was ghostly pale. She was standing in the doorway, carrying a tray of lunch for Sirius.Behind her was Orion Black, holding a briefcase and a notepad. He had a pen behind his ear and immediately walked in, settling down on the closest chair and writing hurriedly without even greeting the two "sick" boys.'Mother.' Sirius said. She sat down on the chair Regulus had been occupying, narrowing her eyes at the cuddly position the siblings were in. Automatically, she leaned forward and ran her fingers through her elder son's hair, sighing softly.'I'm so disappointed in your Sirius.' She said quietly, wiping her false tears. She was such a good actress. Sirius would know, he had inherited the talent from her.'I know mother, I know.' He said just as quietly, his voice hitching in his throat. The words were struggling to get past the enormous lump that had now formed. He gulped.'You do know what this means Sirius...'His eyes bulged and he moved a little further away from her, his arms tightening around his little brother protectively. No, no, they weren't taking Regulus away from him, they couldn't, they just couldn't!'No.' He breathed, shaking his head. Sirius's beautiful grey eyes started to water and he coughed a little. 'Please mother, please, don't do this''It's too late Sirius. I've warned you and warned you. There's something wrong with your head! I can't have you running around and bringing danger to my home, what if Regulus had tried some, what if you guys blacked out and he did something with the sick, filthy things you left lying around? I think nine months in Azkaban Asylum''NOOOO!' Sirius cried, shaking his head. He growled and then barked at her, tearing his head from side to side. 'No, no! You can't do this mother, please, don't fucking do this!' He couldn't have his freedom stripped away from him, he couldn't lose everything important to him.'It's too late Sirius, the decision has been made.' The rumbling voice of Orion Black interjected, looking up and meeting his son's dazzling grey eyes with his own sapphire ones.'Please,' Sirius sobbed, looking from his parents to James's, who were almost as good as parents anyway, 'please don't do this mother, father, I'm begging you, I'll do anything. Don't take Regulus away from me; don't take James away from me! Please, PLEASE!' Sirius begged, nestling his head in his little brother's shoulder as though that would save him and protect him from being taken away.'Regulus will come visit you every week. But I just can't have you being a danger to him; he deserves a brother who would think for once instead of endangering his life! Which you did Sirius! You could have killed your little brother!''As for James,' Dorea Potter said, this was the first time she had spoken since she'd entered the room, and she carried on smoothing her son's hair as though nothing had happened, though her eyes did water. She sent a furious scowl to her husband. 'As for my baby boy...''He'll be joining you.' It was Charlus who said it. He sounded both reluctant and confused, but there was a definite and resolute tone to his voice. As though that despite being a little confused, his mind was made up, and nothing was going to change it.'What?' James breathed, pushing his mother's hands away from him. 'What?' He shrieked this time.'You're joining Sirius, James. You're going to Azkaban Asylum.'A/N: Please leave a review and tell me what you think.
