The Black PhoenixChapter One- Here We GoYear: 2015Webster defines betrayal as to fail or desert especially in time of need. I know that word like the back of my hand no wait I haven't looked at my hands closely for years, all I could tell you was they were stained with the blood of hundreds maybe thousands and covered in the grime of many years of hard work, toil and suffering. In a large hidden complex in the middle of a dark forest sat a large group of beings, ranging from centaurs to goblins, these people were devoted followers to only one man, that man being me, but to say that they were just sycophants, brainlessly following me around would be wrong. They were friends and confidents who had been with me from the very start of this long winding journey to complete our mission, our goal, our conquest. The large complex that we were currently situated in was filled with barracks and other essential living materials has been our base of operations for the past two years and would have been for longer but the need to hide our activities made the building much longer than planned.The complex is where we had finalized all our plans, kept up to date with our other out-posts and said goodbye's just in case and tonight it would all come to a head, a final battle to decide the fate of all men, women and children on this Earth. I can only hope that my men and women come out the victor but I can't promise such things and they know this, they knew what they were getting into when they signed on the dotted line. I hold no such hope for myself knowing that as the leader, the enemy will be focusing their attention on me hoping that with me gone my men will crumble but that is far from the truth. I have an excellent second command, a great man by the name of Sirius Black who no matter what he tells you really started the resistance movement, Sirius had shared the same experiences as me and although two decades older than me garnered respect from even the youngest soldiers and should the worse happen and we both get taken out then Remus Lupin was no slouch either.As we sat around the dinner table in our own small cliques we all grabbed hands and prayed "Dear God, I know many of us have different representations of who you are, whether that be Merlin, Jesus, Allah, Buddha, and some of us don't believe at all but we pray for your guidance in this time of need as we journey to a new dawn not knowing what we will awaken to. We pray that you intercede on our behalf and ask that you give us a win and deliver us from this evil that blackens on world and may you forgive us for the deaths that we have caused and are about to cause. Amen."As we sat around waiting for what could possibly be the end we understood that no matter what our beliefs we had been gathered from all over the world for four main ideals, that practitioners of magic would no longer be able to do whatever they pleased just because they could, that all beings on this planet were created equal, no longer would an evil wizard be able to gain a foothold again because wizards and muggles would work together and no longer would just one man be able to hold so many positions of power no matter what he did ever again. So in a way it was what America was supposed to be however with magical oaths we would be sure that we wouldn't slowly destroy ourselves through corrupt politicians, biased media, wiping our butts on the Constitution and nuclear war like that once great nation did.I sat on a seat level with that of my soldiers in the middle of the room with my wife right next to me as always. I wish she had stayed at home but I'm not one to lock her away. Just like my soldiers, we knew what could possibly go wrong when we got married and we agreed that if it was our time to die then we would go into the great beyond together, so now I sit awaiting sunset so that I can put my plans into action. While waiting I can't help but think whimsically of the young innocent boy I use to be and what has led to this moment, of the past and how it came to this, of how a long-haired old man had caused all of these deaths and the thousands that were about to occur because his wanting to control me and my refusal and because of that the creation of the man I now am. I'm not evil, far from it actually it was just that I am my own man and no one controls me, I saw that if the wizarding world continued in its way we would die off in the next century. That is why I'm writing this down, a novel of my journey so to speak, it is my hope that if the other side wins and someone should find this they shall know that we gave it our all and that we are not to blame for the war, they only brought it up on themselves with their inability to change and accept other cultures. It is my hope that should we lose, this book will help any resistance fighters out their keep up morale and eventually defeat the monster that is consuming our world.H+G1993-1995Even as a wizard I had been raised by muggles (non-magicals) and therefore was wholly unprepared and misinformed to exactly what I could do with magic which was both a blessing and a curse. I remember sitting in my jail cell trying to stave of insanity without the use of magic since they had broken my wand when I learned that I could perform wand-less magic, this came as a surprise to me because I had previously thought that magic had to have a foci to direct it and control it. From that point on I set up plans for my eventual revenge on the bastards that thought they could use me and then discard me as much as a used napkin but time matured me and I came to realize that vengeance was not the answer but a wholesale change of the wizarding world was needed. While sitting in my cell I had years to think, change and perfect my plan, of course it did not work out because World War III erupted and that was most definitely not in my plans but then again the plans of mice and menI didn't plan all those years just planning a revolution though, I also spent that time pretending to be wasting away when in reality I was rapidly building up my magical core. Building up the magical core is a lot of work it isn't just repeatedly using magic, you also have to have a body that can support an excess amount of magic so that means exercising and a healthy diet which is extremely hard with the gruel they serve us, but I had learned long ago how to get the most out of every meal.Due to the very abusive and neglecting environment I grew up in my body was skinny and small and it was hard to gain weight and build muscle. My body was happy with where it was at and didn't want to move past the norm but after a couple of months I finally was putting on weight and muscle, now instead of looking like an underfed criminal I looked like a normal thirteen year old. The exercising wasn't the exhausting part though, what took care of that was building up my magical core especially with the suppression wards. Starting the second week of my unlimited stay in Hotel Hell I was making the most out of the small amount of nutrients in the food, exercising daily and using magic. However due to the size of my cell my list of exercises was limited, the only exercises that were practical were pushups, sit-ups, running in place and jumping jacks, although after some experiments I was able to take the bar from the bed, jam from one end of the cell to the other and do chin-ups and an exercise where I hung upside down and lifted myself up using only my abdominal muscles.My magical exercises were condensed however because there is only so much you can do when under magical suppression wards. For the most part I was only able to do first year first semester spells. I was thankful that the guards only came around three times a day, to deliver the food or else they would have seen what I had been doing and immediately put a stop to it.Soon my time in prison became routine and boring and I actually started to forget the real reason as to why I was exercising in the first place and it was only during my most lucid times that my mind refocused. I would wake up with the sun, eat whatever the guards deemed edible that day and then go straight to work. From sun-up to lunch I would work out, then I would rest for an hour, eat and then work on my magic pushing against the shields as much as I could and I would do that until dinner at which point I would sleep. I was able to guess that I was waking up at 5:00 AM and going to sleep at 10:00 PM that is if I guessed where exactly in the North Sea Azkaban was. However I knew even with a lot of sleep my body would not be able to keep up with the amount of energy I was expending and so I was forced to take drastic measures but I'll get to that later.For two years I kept to my schedule, I only ate, exercised and slept, all the while maintaining my stony silence. In all that time nothing changed except my body and magic. By the time of what would have been the end of my fourth year I was on the tall side of what was average for a fourteen year old and had lean muscles like a runner. My magic however was only at second year level due to the fact that I didn't know any more spells and the ability to create spells took even more magic which was impossible due to the wards. I did notice that my spells were stronger than what I used to be able to do with a wand and I was interested to see how much stronger they could become, the thought both intrigued and scared me. I thanked God that in all that time I never lost my sanity even though I had already passed boredom in the rear-view mirror. Then something happened that was good for me but bad for the enemy, but I'm getting ahead of myself again.At this point you would probably be asking yourself a whole litany of questions, chief among them being who am I, what crime have I done to be worthy of incarceration and how in the world was I in peak physical condition when I was supposed to be wasting away in prison? Well as far as the world was concerned I was a hero who had fallen from grace, I had attempted to murder my best friend's sister and I was wasting away in a decrepit jail cell.The world couldn't have been further from the truth if it had tried. The fact of the matter is I got in the way of a manipulative politician who sought to control me and when I told him to piss off he framed me and I got locked up in prison, no trial just straight to jail and the girl I had apparently tried to kill had disappeared off the face of the planet. You still have questions you say, well of course you do I hardly explained anything, so I'll start from the beginning. Hello my name is Harry Potter and prior to my escape and the adoption of the moniker The Black Phoenix I had been locked up in the worst prison you could ever imagine.
