Disclaimer: I own absolutely nothing except Helena Riddle, Kaylie Riddle, and Thomas Kane Riddle as well as the plot of this fic. Everything else belongs to J.K. Rowling.Halloween, 14 years ago9:30 pmA young man in his twenties clad all in black entered No.8 Privet Drive. He was tall with soft aristocratic features and relatively short brown hair that made it appear that he'd just rolled out of bed. A woman with waist length black hair and glowing gold eyes appeared, smiling at him, as he removed his cloak. His scarlet eyes met hers and he couldn't help smiling back."Welcome back Tom," she greeted in a voice full of happiness and mystery."It's good to be back," he purred as he approached and pulled her into his arms, "I missed you Helena." She wrapped her arms around him and rested her head on his shoulder."And I missed you," she whispered. He kissed her forehead and, reluctantly, they pulled apart. "He's upstairs waiting for you, though he may have dozed off," she laughed."Knowing Tommy chances are you're right," Tom laughed. A wail was heard from upstairs and Helena sighed as her husband laughed, leading her up to the second floor.She walked into the nursery and removed the year old red head from her crib, rocking her gently. Tom stood in the doorway admiring the soft green and silver walls as his wife soothed their baby girl. Once she'd quieted he approached and gathered her in his arms, smiling when the little creature cooed in delight and reached for him."Hello Kaylie. Did you miss me?" He cooed to his youngest child. She rolled her ice blue eyes indicating the answer should be obvious. He stared in shock and looked to his wife, who simply raised her hands in surrender. He shook his head in disbelief and kissed his baby girl's cheek. Helena took her, much to the child's disappointment, and placed her back in her crib.Tom walked across the hall while she was occupied and peeked into his son's room. A young boy about four with pale skin and messy black hair that made his yellow-green eyes seem even brighter sat on his bed petting a large snake and looking a bit put out. Tom smiled."Is something wrong or was there a funeral while I was away?" He asked from the doorway, smirking devilishly. The young boy jumped in surprise and ran to his father, tackling the man rather effectively. They laughed and the large viper slithered over to them, nuzzling her master affectionately.": Welcome home, Master.:" She hissed. Tom smiled and scratched her under the chin.":It's been a long time, Nagini.:" He hissed back. She slithered off and he sat up, holding his son close. "C'mon Thomas, time for bed." The boy whined in protest but his father ignored it. He pouted and resigned himself to the inevitable. He fell asleep rather quickly clinging to his father's hand. Tom stood, exiting the room as quietly as he could. He slipped downstairs and pulled on his cloak."Where are you going? You just got back," his wife keened. He smiled apologetically and kissed her cheek. She pulled away and turned her back. He frowned."I have business in Little Hangleton. I'll be back soon," he soothed. She simply ignored him. He sighed and turned to leave."If you go after the Potter child, I will know. And we most certainly won't be here when you get back," she growled. He froze in shock, but shook his head and left despite the warning.2:45 amTom stumbled into the house, drained and severely wounded. He called out for his wife hoarsely, knowing she'd hear him anyway. There was no reply. He listened and realized there was no sign of life at all in the house.":Nagini?:" He called beginning to panic. He heard the rustle of her movements along the carpet and relaxed slightly. She coiled up next to him, waiting.":Where are Helena and the children?:" He whispered, afraid of the answer he knew he'd receive.":They are gone.:" She answered sadly, having sensed her master's emotions. He fell to his knees and let out an angry wail. As he calmed himself and Nagini comforted him he vowed he would get them back. And that he would never let them go.Soooo, what'd you guys think? I know it's a little OOC for Voldemort a.k.a. Tom but it's definitely worth it. Please review and let me know what y'all think. See you soon!Note: ":This is Parseltounge:" and anything in Italics is either thoughts, text, or letters/notes. Just in case y'all were confused.
