Author's Note: Okay, so this is my first story. So if it's not Top Quality, not my fault. I accept any type of criticism. Please review... or not, which ever really works for you. Chapter 1: The ImpossibleSun rays leaked through the tall glass windows at King's Cross Station, creating dappled arches on the concrete floor. The air was hot around the station, many passenger held paper fans as they made their way across the platforms, exchanging heat from one side of their face to the other. Those without the fans stood panting, hoping to catch the slightest breeze in the air. They were set for disappointment.Aside from the heat, however, there were still a large variety of people at King's Cross. It was September first, a regular work day for almost everyone in London. People would pack onto trains, crammed together in the hot air. A few unfortunates checked their watches then dashed off in a different direction because they were already three minutes late for the train. Meanwhile others waited, leaning against platform columns for a train that was simply taking its time.One of these people was a semi-tall red-headed girl with brilliant green eyes. She as slouched on a pillar between platforms nine and ten. A trunk was propped next to her with the engravings L.E. Near the silver handle. Sitting right in front of her was a black cat with eyes quite similar to the girl's. Every now and then she would bend down and scratch right between his ears, then slip her hand back into her jean pocket."Lily!"The red-head turned, another dark red-headed woman was walking swiftly towards her, dragging behind her was a tall, skinny girl with darker hair and a horsey face. They stopped abruptly in front of Lily."Petunia wants to say good-bye, Lily!" Mrs. Evans smiled, she looked like an aged version of Lily, except for the eyes. Lily had her father's emerald glare, something she was proud to carry on. Her older sister, Petunia, wasn't so lucky.Petunia had a look of annoyance, like she had been forced into the car to come to the station, "Bye." Her shoulders were rolled back, chin lifted up. She was looking down at Lily as if she was superior.Lily gave her a tight, closed-lipped smile. Her mum meant well to force Petunia into this, why not return the favor? Lily leaned forward and gave Petunia a hug. Her sister was completely stiff, her arms didn't return the gesture. But while she had the chance, Lily inhaled slowly. Roses. Petunia usually sported her own custom-made petunia perfume, it had been a while since Lily smelled something other then the strong flower. It was refreshing almost. She pulled away.Mrs. Evans looked like she could sing an opera, "Come on girls, lets get to the platform. We don't want you to miss your train, Lily."Lily nodded and picked up her trunk, "Lets go, Amata." The black cat- named after a character in Lily's favorite wizarding fable- raised herself and followed Lily to the column a few feet away-exactly in between nine and ten.With a running start, Lily ran straight at the brick wall. Every year she expected collision, and even now during her seventh and last year of passing through the wall, she felt a small pang of fear of smashing into the barrier.But that didn't happen. She felt a rushed air push past her, and soon Lily Evans was on Platform Nine and Three Quaters. All around her stood students itching to board the train and begin their upcoming year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Some carried owl cages (only a few with actual owls in them), others broomsticks, and some even had foreign objects awaiting attention from classmates. Parents were bustling around, reminding their children to be good and not to go causing trouble seeing as there was a war going on. In the dead center of it all was a deep red engine, steam already drifting out of the top. Not even Death Eaters and He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named could stop the sense of excitement from drifting about the air. And as Lily took a few steps forward, she found a smile creeping up her face.This was her last year at Hogwarts, and she was going to make sure it would be the best. Nothing would bring her down this year, not even the saddened gaze of her former best friend, Severus Snape.She turned to look behind her, where her mum had just passed though the barrier. No Petunia, "She said that she had to go meet Vernon for brunch."Lily shrugged, "Its alright. Better she have fun with a whale then be bored with me." She gave her mum a small smile, then reached out to hug her."Be nice to your sister, Lils," her mum sniffed a bit, "Have fun at school okay? It's your last year, make it a good one." She pulled back and smiled, "And don't mess with any Death Eaters!"Lily rolled her eyes, "You don't even know what Death Eaters are!"Mrs. Evans gave her a pointed look, "I know enough to know that they can kill you without thinking twice about it. Dumbledore had a talk with me last year about it. So be careful!" She was serious, her face full of concern.Lily nodded, "Yes, mum. I'll be alright. Honestly though, this is Hogwarts we're talking about. Nothing can happen at Hogwarts!"Her mum chuckled about, but she was humoring her, "Alright, whatever you say. I'll see you at Christmas, okay?" She kissed Lily's forehead, "I love you! Now hurry up and get on that train!""Love you too!" Lily hugged her mum once more and ran off to get on the train, waving over her shoulder until she couldn't see her anymore.After getting on the train, Lily immediately found a compartment with her two favorite people in the whole wide world. Emmeline Vance and Hestia Jones. As soon as she caught of Emmeline's light brown hair, she threw open the door and was engulfed with hugs and cries."I haven't seen you in so long!" Hestia was literally jumping, not quite something that Hestia does on a regular basis. Her deep black hair was pulled up in a ponytail, it flipped around playfully as she hopped laps around the compartment."I know!" Lily said, placing her trunk up on the rack and settling Amata in a seat, "And you'll never, ever guess what happened!" It was one of those moments when Lily felt completely obligated to act like a twelve-year-old.Her two friends sat down across from her, "What?" they asked simultaneously. They never guessed.Lily grinned really big, and pulled out a badge from her pocket, "I'm Head Girl!""Oh Lily!" Emmeline's eyes widened and she reached forward to touch the badge, "That is brilliant! I just knew that you would get it, good grades, good attitude, knows how to handle authority...""Yeah that's our Lily!" proclaimed Hestia, "Little Miss Role Model!"Lily laughed freely, and quite un-ladylike, "Of course, of course!" She pinned the badge to her shirt, "So tell me, what's going on with you?"Emmeline giggled, "Oh the drama! You would never believe it!" It was sarcasm of course, but she turned to Hestia who was nodding like there was no tomorrow."You would never believe it, Lily! I went to vacation in Spain with my mum, and we were in the nicest hotel..." Hestia began on one of her long life-learning stories where she ended up meeting some guy that was the love of her life... until she found yet another one, "...And he came right up to me, he was Muggle, and asked me if I fancied a cup of tea at this little shop down the road. Of course I said yes! He was gorgeous!"Lily leaned back and closed her eyes. This was so typical, so ordinary, that it was like Merlin himself zapped a spot for Lily to be at peace. Just Hestia's voice, the turn of Emmeline's page, and the occasional call coming from the hallway."...he told me that he would never forget me. And that should I return one day I should find him and we could be together again!" Hestia's eyes swam in happiness as she concluded her story. Lily felt a pang of sadness for her friend. The same thing happened to Hestia every summer, but as soon as she returned to school she would forget the boy and move on completely with various others. What would it be like to just forget like that? Lily couldn't imagine.The train had pulled out of the station twenty minutes ago. Lily checked the time, 11:21am. She had to leave for the prefects compartment in ten minutes to give out orders."Lily what did you do this summer?" Hestia asked leaning forward to place her elbows on her knees, her hands holding up her chin.Lily shrugged, "Nothing much. My mum and I went to visit my aunt in Ireland, she's very sick so my mum will have to stay down there with her for a while."Emmeline's eyes peeked out off the top of her book, "Your aunt Isabella? What happened? Why does your mum have to go?""The crops she was raising carried some sort of sickness, she got it after eating a bad ear of corn. And there was no way that she could manage the farm while she was sick." Lily remembered arriving at her aunt's house, the usual cheery feeling of the place had been sucked out like a dementor's kiss. The flowers that usually grew out by the porchpetunias and lilieshad wilted, and everything had an extra layer of dust on it. It was unrecognizable."I'm sorry," Hestia patted her knee, "She'll be okay, right?"Lily nodded, "Definitely! She's always okay. It's my mum I'm worried about. What if she gets the sickness?""I'm sure she w"BANG!Emmeline's book snapped shut loudly and she stood up abruptly, "I can't wait any more, how long does it take to get a cart across a train?" She stormed out of the compartment without another word.Lily cast Hestia a questioning look,"What...?"Hestia shrugged and jumped up, "I'll go find her, she probably just wanted the sweet cart." Hestia left leaving Lily alone in the compartment, wondering whether or not she should follow suit. She resorted to staring out the window, watching the land flee away from her line of vision. It was quiet except for the rattle of train wheels on the tracks.Lily looked at her watch. Best be getting to the meeting. She stood up, straightened her Head Girl badge and turned around... only to find that something was blocking her path.That something had a messy, black bird's nest on top of his head. Bright hazel eyes framed by round glasses. He had a built shape, abdominals clearly marked through his t-shirt. There was a glow coming off him, an aura that was the most unpleasant mark of arrogance. Leaning on the compartment door was six feet two inches full of James Potter... and his customary smirk reserved for the one and only Lily Evans.Lily's own personal sneer was ready and set the second she saw James."What do you want, Potter?" Her jaw stuck out and she lifted her chin in a very Petunia-like fashion.James stood up straight, running a hand through his already messed-up hair, "Nothing at all, Evans. Just dropping in to say hello." He took a pace forward, a smile playing at his lips.Lily scoffed, but didn't step back, "Well, I'm afraid you'll have to say goodbye now. I have to go to the prefects meeting."James' hazel eyes flickered down to her shirt and sought her Head Girl badge. His smile dropped, a shocked expression on his face, "Uh... oh congratulations...good um... job on getting Head Girl," he coughed, "I knew you'd be the one to get it, but I thought that this one Ravenclaw would..." he paused, then coughed again, "Do you, ah... do you know who's Head Boy?""No, but I'm about to find out. Get lost, Potter." She pushed past him into the hall.But James Potter wasn't someone who could simply get lost,"Hey, wait. I'll escort you there!""Potter, if I need an escort, I'll be sure to contact you immediately," Lily growled. She knew that her statements wouldn't work, James was persistent. Whether she contacted him or not, he would escort her.Annoyance sparked on Lily's face. She didn't want to have to deal with James Bloody Potter this year. Over the summer she had hoped and prayed that for just one year the boy would stay out of her way. No more asking her out, ruining her relationships, or patronizing her in the hallways. Couldn't he move on? He could have every girl in school if he wanted. He was already handsome, smart, fun, or whatever the hell those other girls saw in him. But he was also stubborn as an ox. As if having girls falling for him left and right wasn't enough, he expected them to fall left and right. He expected Lily to fall.But she was no fool. She could see the arrogance dripping in his words when others couldn't. The immense pride he expressed when getting yet another perfect score in Transfiguration. Actually, it was to be expected of him to get a perfect score. He was a master of Transfiguration. He could even produce a Patronus! Even Lily, one of the highest ranking students in all of Hogwarts, couldn't get a full body animal to pop out of her wand. But it's his only good subject, remember? James didn't get near as many O.W.L.s as Lily did. He was a total flunk at Potions unlike Lily. His Charms weren't always accurate unlike Lily. And History of Magic? Please, he snoozed half the time and the other half he wasn't even there! He just had some sort of luck when it came to Transfiguration, Lily had decided a long time ago.Slyly, the girl snuck a peek at him through her dark red curtain of hair. His own hair was so unruly, did he even ever try to comb it out? He had nice eyes though, she could give him that. They were always so animated, and excited. Like a child's on Christmas morning. And what was that? A scar, right under his eye. Three lines, like an animal scratch. It looked new, at least it hadn't been there last year.Before she could stop herself she blurted out, "What happened to your face?" Her eyes widened realizing what she said then corrected herself, "I mean, what's that scar from?" She pointed to the slash.James, appearing a bit confused, reached up and poked it... then winced, "I er... I fell.""Fell?" Lily snorted, "On what? A shark?"He chuckled and rubbed the back of his neck, "No, on a... on a bush. A thorn bush.""Oh." Her eyebrows raised in a mocking way letting him know that she didn't believe him. Thorn bushes don't just give three straight lines, they poke and scratch in many different directions. She should know.They reached the prefects carriage. It looked just like any other of the compartments, except a tad larger. Everyone was there and seated, including two Gryffindors: Marleen McKinnon and Remus Lupin.Lily marched straight up to them, James a few paces behind her still looking around in awe... he had never been to the prefects carriage before, "Hey Marlene, Remus.""Hi Lily," they chorused.Remus glanced at James, a questioning look on his face as his eyes switched to Lily and back, "What's going on, James?"James shrugged, "Evans got Head Girl."Marleen's expression brightened, she let out a high-pitched squeal and attacked Lily in a furious hug, "I knew it! I knew it! Oh Lily this is great! You're command chief... meaning you get to boss around those Slytherin prefects! We'll see who has more house points this year!" She appeared so giddy at the moment and Lily knew why. Marleen was a Chaser on the Gryffindor Quidditch Team and had devoted most of her life to creaming the Slytherins at the airborne sport. She also was the most competitive person Lily knew. Getting Slytherins in trouble, she realized, would definitely increase Gryffindor's chance of winning the House Cup... and make Marleen happier than a child receiving a new toy broomstick.Remus smiled and stood up to hug Lily, "Good job! I figured it would be you!" The various scars on his face moved as he spoke.Lily smiled, "Thanks, I'm guessing you're Head Boy?" The hope in her voice was showing, no doubt. Lily loved Remus to death... not in a romantic way. He was that one person that she could easily talk to about important topics. Like schoolwork or Death Eater attacks. Unfortunately, if you got Remus, you also got the rest of his little group, or as they call themselves "the Marauders". The Marauders consisted of Remus, Potter, a loud lad named Sirius Black, and a shy, smaller boy named Peter Pettigrew.Remus was the only tolerable one. He was a prefect, so Lily was positive he would get Head Boy."Nope," Remus gave her a weak smile, "But I'm sure that it'll be someone good. Don't worry about it." He winked at nothing in particular, must've been a reflex."Oh." Lily's shoulders fell in disappointment, "Sorry."Remus laughed and shook his head, "Don't be, I'm too busy to have yet another thing to worry about. Being Head Boy would've been way too much."He means about being a werewolf! Lily figured out her friend's secret three years ago. There was no way that someone's mum could be sick so many timesalways on a full moonand still be alive today. She never told Remus of her suspicions, however, resorting to believe that it wasn't that important anyways."Right. So, should we start the meeting?" she finally asked."You're Head Girl, Lily. It's your call whether or not there is a meeting," James answeredLily had forgotten he was there, "I'm sure the Head Boy would be okay with either option.""Potter, why are you still here? Shouldn't you be causing havoc somewhere?" She pointed to the door."Whatever, Evans." he sat down instead.Remus bit his lip, eyebrows raising, "Would you like some help Lily?""Sure, whatever," said Lily.Remus cleared his throat and addressed the room, "Okay everybody! We need to get this meeting started, so I introduce to you your Head Girl Lily Evans!" The room applauded, Lily waved a bit, suddenly shy of all the attention, "... and your Head Boy..."What? He's here? Who is it? Lily scanned the room furiously. Shouldn't he have made himself present by now? He had."... James Potter!"OH SNAP! Okay so review if you got the time. And um, I'm not quite sure when the next chapter'll be up. I've got some of it done. So maybe soon.'Kay thanks. ~raggedjeans
