So I'm re-uploading most of my chapters because I think I can do better... hopefully. All rights go to J. K. Rowling (Who I am not).The office was small, surprisingly so, as Junior Assistant to the Minister of Magic was a highly praised job. He had been 'extremely fortunate' (to use his own words) to have been chosen from a large amount of hard working Junior's for this outstanding job. It was a real reward for all his hard work over the years, at Hogwarts and his time in the ministry so far.Percy Weasley glanced at his desk clock, the ticking could be heard echoing around the closed in walls and every second just seemed to drag on. The clock read 10:44am. Percy twiddled his thumbs; the paperwork had been done in a matter of five minutes. He was surprised the Minister even needed two assistants, the Senior Undersecretary or himself could have done all of it easily.That was why Percy Weasley was anxiously awaiting the arrival of his secretary. It had been a year since he'd got this position and he had to admit it got lonely at times being in this (though admittedly rather small) room. Just the sound of another human breathing would be nice, a sort of anchor to the outside world rather than just the ticking of the now frankly annoying clock.If the sound of another human breathing was what Percy wanted then he was in for the surprise of his life.There was a knock at the door,"Come in!" Percy called. The door swung open revealing the Senior Undersecretary to the Minister. He stood from his seat, "Good morning, Dolores. How are you today?""Good morning Mr Weasley," Umbridge said his name with some amount of dislike, Percy had of course heard of the Weasley twins slight to put it bluntly, hatred of the ex-professor, "I am quite well. This is your new secretary," she stepped aside from the doorway into the office, now squashing herself between a filing cabinet and a young smartly dressed woman. Literally squashing, as in she hadn't noticed it and walked face first into the metal storage unit. This was something the young smartly dressed woman let out a soft snort over."Good morning," she said smiling, "Audrey Witherspoon," she took two steps forward before she was at the desk hand extended."Percy Weasley, you may call me Mr Weasley," he took her hand and jerked it slightly once before releasing."I have some more paperwork for you Mr Weasley," Umbridge spoke again rubbing her newly flattened nose, with a flick of her wand several piles of thick parchment soared through the door landing neatly in the centre of the crammed desk, "It's due for Monday of next week, thank you," she let of a little laugh as she closed the door, it sounded most similar to a mouse's squeak."If you ask me," Audrey said, "She's just dumped her load on you."Percy merely stared at her for several seconds. She spoke in a way that seemed almost friendly. Friendly was not a completely foreign concept to Percy, but it was something he wasn't used to in the work place. Something he was most adamant on was that the workplace was for work, not sharing daft jokes, or socialising while getting paid. It was for work, and hard work at that."Yes, well," he coughed, "No one asked you, did they?"Audrey looked a bit taken aback, "Oh, well, sorry," she shrugged.Percy took his wand from the table and tapped each of the piles separately, they gathered themselves more neatly before flying about the room at high speed and landing back again neatly."And what was the point in that?" Audrey asked. Percy just looked at her, "Oh, sorry.""Pull up a seat," Percy said and with another wave a wooden chair evaporated out of nowhere."Oh, thanks," Audrey smiled, Percy merely nodded and pushed his glasses properly onto his face. He grabbed the first of the files,"The point was to get them organised into dates of postage, that would mean they were more important or just older.""Oh, right, gotcha," Audrey nodded slowly. Percy scanned the file,"Right, take this down," he didn't have a chance to conjure parchment before Audrey's own wand was waved and several feet of it covered the floor. He glanced at the large pile, eyebrow raised above his glasses rim,"Always be prepared," Audrey smiled. This was one thing Percy was certainly notRight so chapters been re-uploaded (I think it flows a better and there were a few grammar errors too). Still, reviews would be appreciated!
