1. Letters to Walburga Black (1)Midway to Hogwarts, in a compartment on the train there was a handsome boy with black hair and pale skin, sitting near the window with a quill and parchment in hand writing silently and taking short breaks to observe his pals' behaviour. They were four boys a little older than him.Sitting in front of him was a skinny kid wearing new clothes, although with repaired holes, who avidly read the textbook of Defence Against the Dark Arts, seemingly oblivious to the fuss of the other three. Close to the door there were other two guys, casually seated: a boy with glasses and wild hair and beside him another one, with black hair slightly long, wide smile and perfect features. Both of them were enjoying a little dispute, which consisted in transforming parts of a rat trying to make it most bizarre as possible. At the door there where smiling girls pop up their faces all the time  boosting them to achieve better results. Sitting in front of them was the rat's owner, a small and ugly boy, much like his own pet. He did not dare take out his wand to take part of the game, but enjoyed seeing what the two pals did, while he laughed so much that his whole body shook and at the same time he was forcing himself not blink, as if he could not miss a single detail of the dispute.After a brief pause, the youngest guy was writing again:"Hi, mum!This journey seems endless, so I decided to write you.I've met some people here who seem to be cool, but Sirius has forced me to stay here in his compartment with his friends. He threatened me with his wand, mum! He said it was his older-brother's obligation to take me to the right way... But I believe this right way is something that includes a lot of excited girls, as well as him and his stupid friends trying to charm every girl which goes through here ... And they come here all the time in our cabin, with lame excuses such as the clothes of their friend, Remus - who incidentally seems to be the coolest guy right here.Actually Remus is the only one that gives me some attention, others guys just want to show themselves to the girls (and they don't see me, I seem to be invisible!). Mum, about what you asked me, now that I know Sirius's friends I don't see why they can be a threat to us: Peter is so stupid that could lick Sirius's feet trying to discover where he went as if it's the most important thing in the whole world; James speaks all the time about in girls and Quidditch; Remus just wants to study, even here on the train I saw him reading about three different books. I think when we arrive at the school he will know everything that teachers will teach.Well, as I was saying, there're Slytherin guys that seem pretty cool, but they avoid to approach here ...I'm starving! The food here is really bad. I'd like it if you had let Kreacher come to serve me here."At this moment Sirius stood up and pulled the letter from his brother's hand, under the protests of Regulus and Remus - who told him that his younger brother was entitled to some privacy. Sirius pretended not to hear them. He approached James and together they began reading the letter, laughing a lot ocassionally. Sirius said:'Ohhhhh... You're writing to our dear little mother... It's so touching... But your letter needs some tweaking. Can I borrow your quill, Remus?'Annoyed, Remus extended his arm and held out his quill. Sirius and James laughed while striking off some sentences, and Peter tried in vain to see what the two guys were doing. But they were taller and were standing protecting the parchment with their body:'Ready, Reg. You can clean up. 'Sirius said, holding out the letter to his brother and returning the quill for his friend. Regulus saw the result of Sirius's joking, perplexed:"Hi, mum!This journey seems endless, so I decided to write you.I've met some people here who seem to be cool,(ERASE: But) and Sirius has (ERASE: forced ) invited me to stay here in his compartment with his friends. (ERASE: He threatened me with his wand, mum! )He said it was an older-brother's obligation to take me to the right way... But I believe that this right way is something that includes some nice (ERASE: a lot of excitedly )girls, (ERASE: as well as him and his stupid friends trying to charm every girl which goes through here ... And they ) which come here all the time in our compartmentERASE: with lame excuses such as the clothes of their friend, Remus - who incidentally seems to be the coolest guy right here.) (ERASE: (Actually Remus is the only one that gives me some attention, others guys just want to show themselves to the girls (and they don't see me, I seem to be invisible!).)Mum, about what you asked me, now that I know Sirius's friends I don't see why they can be a threat to us(ERASE: Peter is so stupid that could lick Sirius's feet trying to discover where he went as if it's the most important thing in the whole world, James speaks all the time about in girls and Quidditch, Remus just want to study, even here on the train I saw him reading about three different books. I think until we arrive at the school he will not have anything that teachers can teach him. )They are very cool.(ERASE: Well, as I was saying, there're Slytherin guys that seem pretty cool, but they avoid to approach here ...)I'm starving! The food here is really bad. I'd like it if you had let Kreacher come to serve me here and change my diapers.I can not wait to get to Hogwarts. I'm sure I'll be sorted to Gryffindor like my brother. Kisses. Regulus. "Regulus showed intention to rip the letter and Sirius standing in front warned him:'You not even dare rip it. You better copy exactly as it is, I'm warning you.'Regulus copied the letter with almost all changes of Sirius as his eyes brimmed with anger - he just decided not to write about diapers and Gryffindor as he needed to maintain a certain amount of dignity.* Special thanks for Alicia and her wonderful help incorrecting my grammar mistakes. Great girl! *
