Welcome to my new story. I don't seem to be getting anywhere with 'The Bubble Bursts' (sorry about that) and I've had this little plot bunny bouncing through my head for ages so I thought that it was about time that it got written down. I'm going to write this story differently to my others, but I hope that you like it. Now on with the show.Love Has No BoundariesChapter One: Look in Love.Grey clouds slowly crept closer and closer towards the little idyllic village of Godric's Hollow as the day began to end. In a small house just on the outskirts of the village a young couple were putting their eighteen month old son to bed, having spent the night entertaining him with shows of sparks and pumpkin carving. Just as the young mother was gently placing their slumbering son into his bed as the proud father watched from the doorway, a smile on his face, they were alerted to someone entering their garden by the bang of the gate against its post. Frowning in confusion as to whom would be visiting them at such a late hour, the young man made his way slowly and cautiously down the stairs, after ensuring that his wife and son were safe upstairs, and towards the door, pulling his wand out from its hiding place within his pocket.Before he could even begin to form the words of a simple protection or detection spell, he was blown back as the door exploded in front of him, ripping it from its hinges, showering the hall and it's inhabitant with splinters of wood and shards of glass. Throwing his arm in front of his face to protect his vision, his jaw dropped as the devil himself walked into his home and stared blankly at the young man before and smirk crossed his pale, skeletal face, his red eyes flashing in excitement at the prospect of duel and defeating one of his most annoyingly persistent enemies.Without a word being spoken the two men began to duel for their lives, for that is exactly what it was. Upstairs, having heard the door explode and the duel between her husband and their attacker begin, the young mother quickly but gently grabbed her son from his crib before moving to the far side of the room, cradling her son from the noise and lights coming from below. Murmuring sweat reassurances to her son that they were going to okay and the 'daddy will be back soon' all the while starting work on defending herself and her son if the worst should happen and her husband fell to the mad man that was once again attacking them.But it was already too late and her attempts to blockade the room were for naught as the door and all the furniture in front of it were thrown back across the room as the door was forced open. Cradling her son closer to her chest she shook her head and began to beg, aloud and silently for her son to be saved from a similar fate to her husband. Shaking her head and standing defiantly she declared that he would not harm her son and that if he wanted him then he would have to go through her first. Laughing a cold hard laugh at the woman's foolish attempt to protect the child, a simple flick of his wand disposed him of the pathetic obstacle that was the young child's mother.Looking down into the infants' eyes, wide with shock and fear, concern floating through at the sudden disappearance of his mother and being dropped suddenly onto the slightly cushioned floor, the last bit of protection his mother had given him before unconsciousness claimed her. Staring back into the soulless eyes of the man that had attacked his mummy, the young boy looked not afraid, but brave, emulating the way he remembered his parents and uncles had looked when faced with danger.Slightly unnerved by the look within the eyes of his young, unarmed opponent, it took him a second to regain his momentum and stared deeply, subconsciously stepping into the mind of the boy, seeing stickily sweet images of his now defeated parents and absent uncles. Stepping back, both from the boy and his mind the assailant smirked before raising his wand and pointing it between the eyes of the innocent child staring back at him."Goodbye. Harry Potter" were the last words spoken before oblivion took over, leaving only the now crying infant and his unconscious parents amongst the rumble of the once beautiful house.Downstairs, having been thrown against the far wall James was being pulled up and out of the rubble that was his home by Sirius Black his best friend and son's Godfather. Having declared that he was fine and just slightly bruised the two men began to pick their way through the rubble towards the stairs where they could hear young Harry crying. Curious as to why his wife had yet to comfort their son James quickened his pace in the direction of his son's anguished cries. Stepping into the destroyed nursery James immediately made his way over to his distraught son, swiftly picking him up to comfort him. Out the corner of his eye he saw his best friend uncover his wife, announcing that she was alive but merely unconscious. Turning so that he was gazing at them fully he noticed that Sirius' hand was lingering a little longer than necessary as he checked that his wife was okay.James had always noticed that Sirius and Lily had always been civil towards each other while at Hogwarts before they got together, and when Lily finally accepted his offer of a relationship, the friendship between his best friend and new girlfriend was only strengthened and they seemed to become closer than ever before. When James and Lily eventually married, whenever they disagreed or argued he found out that Lily would always go and visit Sirius, often spending the night but always returning before James woke the next morning. With all this in mind he wasn't surprised by the care and attention Sirius was currently bestowing on the now conscious Lily as she regained her senses after having been thrown against the wall. Looking down to check that Harry was now okay and no longer crying James slowly made his way toward Sirius and Lily causing both of them to look up at him, reluctantly dropping each other's hands and shuffling further away from each other the nearer he came.Dropping to his knees he gently handed over the now fussing Harry to his mother where she proceeded to coo and comfort him in a way that only a mother could. Watching the way that Lily looked over their son James was reminded of why he loved his wife so much, not at all startled at the fact that the love he felt towards his wife now, was completely different to the love he felt for her when they first got together two years ago. Unknowingly Lily looked and smiled at Sirius, love visibly shining in her bright emerald green eyes which was reflected in the grey depths of Sirius' eyes. As though realising that her husband was still kneeling in front of them, Lily pulled her gaze away from Sirius and looked James, the love that had just shined so brightly not a moment ago was visibly dimmed as she looked and checked that James was okay.It was at that moment, when Dumbledore; Remus; Minerva; and Hagrid entered the crumbling house that James realised that his marriage and family was no more. He knew that he could no longer let Lily stay married unhappily to him when she could live and love with Sirius in a way that could never be matched by him. With that in mind James swore that once the three of them were healthy enough, he would start the procedures to ensure that the love in Lily's eyes as she gazed at Sirius never left her eyes again.Even if it meant losing her to his best friend. But at least he would still have his son, he thought as he once again took Harry into his arms, rocking him to sleep as he murmured words of love and comfort into his ears.Well that was chapter one. I know that there's no actual speech, this is just setting it up, kind of. But I hope that you liked it and let me know what you think and any suggestions for improvement in a review. Until next time. 
