Years had passed and Hermione found herself once more at Ron's side. He had been sleeping worse now and she knew that it was only a matter of months before her secret truly had to be revealed. The years, hiding her problem, hiding love, hiding reality had taken the greatest toll on the love of her life who sat comfortably asleep in her arms. Term started the next day which meant new books, students, and hidden love. She left late that night,knowing that she would see her spouse very soon.At the gates of Hogwarts she sighed, exhausted from what the years had become. Using time turners to teach artithmacy and transfiguration for the sake of fewer professors, but if the headmistress had her way, Hermione would only have to worry about transfiguration. Her room in Hogwarts was small but hand ample space for her small trunks of belongings. What mattered most was the picture frame on one corner. The frame which upon enchantment would open a passage to see her love. However, full schedules made rendezvous merely sad reminders of what they wished could be...A week of teaching seemed like an eternity, drilling fifth and seventh years on rudimentary skills to start OWL and NEWT preparation, hoping the first years would show more promise, and endless waiting for the week to be over. Weekends meant grading but the tranquility of her own quarters made them worthwhile relaxations.The day finally came when the headmistress summoned her to her office. It had been five years since she began yet every time she was called by Minerva her heart seemed to skip a beat, the walk to her office tortuously long. Finally, after presenting the password she was in the office of the headmistress."Hello Hermione." Concise. Formal. There was something weak in her voice too though.Hermione approached, confident in their meeting."What is is Minerva? I've missed you dearly if you can't tell. Or do I look just like any other professor invited to your office?" She was tired of the hidden messages. Lies. If Minerva would take off her disguise while she was around Hermione, but she knew that over the past years it had become a state of being.Tears rolled down Hermione's face but she was not abashed. Minerva steadied herself against the desk as she rose, frail, overworked. In the calm between the two she approached Hermione, trembling from the physical pain that had lasted five years. Years of hiding, transformation."Min, do you realize how long you have been out of your true form? Do you realize when the last time it was you saw me with your own eyes? Polyjuice potion isn't supposed to be used so extensively. You know I've searched every spell and incantation and oh Min I'm tired of this. I'm hiding you."she couldn't make any more sound escape her lips.Minerva put her arm around her comfortingly and guided her to the loveseat. They sat down, close but chilled in silence.Suddenly, Minerva put both arms around Hermione, pulling her as close as possible. To feel her hair, to hear her heart beat. Her love, the only woman she had ever loved since they met a full twenty years before. For the sake of both, Minerva used polyjuice potion to become Ron and nobody else knew but Harry and the portraits on the walls.The real Ron had died in a terrible accident involving Romanian dragons, and Minerva decided that for the sake of the already fragile family and her own disguise she would wait for the right time to reveal herself. Both her and Hermione assumed it would last a week maximum, but the fragmented Weasleys had little care for their youngest son. Both Fred and George had passed away, Ginnie was always with Harry, and the oldest boys were hard to find at best.Hermione knew it was her time to leave but it was unbearable. To not be loved by the one who loves you the most was petrifying. For weeks she carried on as though nothing were wrong, receiving stone cold letters from "Ron" on occasion. He was always such a silly boy but it didn't matter when Min had informed her of his death. Harry didn't dare say anything to his wife, still distraught by the battle of Hogwarts.Winter had approached and Hermione didn't even bother asking the Headmistress to meet her twice a week as usual. Even when summoned for, Hermione would often not show up, even if it were for upmost school business. A year ago Hermione would have shrugged off that as a foolish impossibility, but it was becoming ridiculous. Without explaining to Hermione first, Minerva's disguise was dropped and the wizarding world merely assumed Ron had passed the day Minerva discarded the polyjuice potion. She was still terribly weak, terribly distraught and knew that she would do anything to be in Hermione's arms once more.One morning at breakfast was when Hermione found out about Ron's recent death and she looked sternly at Minerva before exiting the great hall. The holidays came and Hermione spent time with Luna and Neville, enjoying the time they had to catch up, yet becoming sicker of the childish games Minerva and her were playing on one another. It didn't register that she could use the time turner, click back and changed what had been. But would she only be hiding her own mistakes?"Luna, I was wondering if I could ask you about a certain.. problem I'm having?" Hermione cautiously said on the last day of their visit."Problem? I don't see anything wrong with you, but your hair looks a little awry. Having you taken eaten too many dirigible plums?"With that, Hermione recounted her tale from the moment she left Hogwarts on. How they fell in love, how they hid, how they acted as complete strangers at Hogwarts.Luna explained that she just needs to talk with Minerva, it was that simple really, but it was what Hermione most feared. Breaking down in front of her lover and receiving no response. And Minerva was getting older.Term began anew and Minerva became increasingly busy. Classes to be assessed, financial orders taken care of, determining the state of the castle, and yet nothing on her list said Hermione.Hermione didn't send her an owl or happen to run into her in the hall, but rather walked into her office without so much as a "Hello" upon entering."Professor Granger, how lovely of you to stop by. You're very lucky that I have a few minutes to spare, and good thing. You haven't told me much about how the arithmacy course is going! Did you have a nice holiday dear?" Minerva smiled, quietly reflecting on something, speaking as though still waiting to fall in love."Minerva, we've been avoiding each other for far too long. You know that. I'm not expecting much time with you I just..."
