Hermione's face was hot. She could have had a fever, but that was not the case.Her head was resting on the headboard, her hair slightly bumped above her head due to her sliding closer to the mattress.The covers barely covered her naked breasts along with the rest of her bare body. But it was also hiding something else lying on the mattress.Hermione's mouth opened in a silent cry as a strong tongue flattened itself over her slit.That's right, Hermione Granger was getting oral. She loved it.A whimper left her mouth and she squeezed her eyes shut. She imagined the man under the covers; his bright blonde plastered to his forehead from the heat, his lips damp from her juices, his stormy grey eyes closed in absolute ecstasy.She felt his tongue go stiff, and the muscle penetrated her, deeper than she thought he could go. His tongue made slow circles, driving her crazy."Draco!"Her breathing was heavier than it had ever been. But she was in bliss; she didn't give a shit about her breathing.Draco's pink lips latched on to her clitoris, the pleasure pearl throbbing with delight.Hermione cried out again. Her eyes began to blink, trying to register her highlighted ecstasy. The view in front of her came into focus, and at the reminder of her location, she screamed out in joy again. From the window across from their bed, they had the perfect view of the Eiffel Tower.Naturally, the hotel room had cost a fortune, but Draco Malfoy was not one to be outdone, and money was never an obstacle with his last name.The daylight streamed into the room from the uncovered wall of windows, the top penthouse of the luxurious hotel getting a fair amount of sun during the day. It lit up the white lace-like feel of the wallpaper, the design of vines and grapes popping out with the sunlight casting shadows over it. The long bed almost stretched across the room, therefore accommodating the two-person chain it was obliging now. The rest of the bedroom was plain, the only other furniture the side table with a vase of pink flowers. Doors to Hermione's left led to a bathroom fit for a queen and the rest of the apartment.One hard suck brought Hermione back to her body with another whimper.Hermione placed her right hand over the lump in the duvet, pressing the head forward in a silent plea for more.Draco happily agreed by executing a favorite move of hers, running the tip of his tongue along the lips of her core and slowly pushing deeper, the pleasure doubling every time his tongue passed a layer of her inner-skin."Oh, Draco", Hermione moaned again, almost crazy from her high. "Damn, damn, uh!"Vibrations spread through her body as Draco laughed against her skin. The bubble in her stomach felt so close to popping, like an irritating itch in her nose, something she can't get rid of, and can only sit there and wait for it to go away."Ahhhhhhhhh!" Hermione screamed in agony. Draco sped up his licking, crushing his tongue over her sensitive clit in a dominating, pleasurable manner. She pushed his head harder, subconsciously rocking her hips as well to get the ultimate amount of enjoyment.A high shriek rang through the room as her bubble burst, her body seeming to float for many moments before the soft mattress cradled her form once again. Heavy pants hefted out of her mouth after the powerful orgasm that had just occurred.She felt Draco rub his palms over her thighs, wordlessly telling her it was amazing for him as well. He placed soft kisses on her right thigh while he rested his head on her left.Hermione sluggishly moved one of her hands to wipe to light cover of sweat of her forehead, then reaching it under the covers to pet her lover's damp hair.Eventually, Draco climbed up her body and lay next to her, lying on his side and pulling her body close to his. He blatantly stared at her face while her eyes reflected the Tower outside."Paris truly is beautiful", Hermione said quietly."Among other things", Draco replied back easily.Hermione turned her head toward his, a smile tugging at her lips. She leaned forward to softly press her lips to his. Draco's hand cradled her cheek, pushing her closer to him, effortlessly opening his mouth to deepen their kiss.Hermione pulled back with a light smack of their lips, smiling at the handsome blonde. His thumb rubbed her jawbone tenderly, gazing into her chocolate eyes with unconcealed adoration."Maybe I can extend my leave", Hermione said with a light laugh, giggling girlishly when Draco's eyes lit up happily."What a splendid idea, my dear," He replied with a smile."It's the least I can do for all of your generous gifts," She said with an air of playfulness. Draco responded equally."A trip to Paris and a new wardrobe to accommodate is hardly appropriate for a woman of your caliber. A few more will have to be sufficient, if it isn't too much of an indecency.""Not at all, Mr. Malfoy, only if a trip to Rome is in order. I do so wish to try authentic Italian food.""Only the best", Draco dramatically vowed, then laughed along with Hermione at their silly antics.Hermione kissed Draco lightly, then pulled the heavy covers to jump out of the tall bed, her naked body glowing in the sunlight and giving Draco an amazing view of her backside.She looked over her shoulder at him with a seductive smile before walking on her tip-toes to the archway leading to the bathroom.Using the full length mirror Draco had intentionally moved to its current position, the male watched his female moved around in the bathroom. He saw the glorious way she bent over to turn on the taps of the bath, or how she piled her beautiful long, curly hair to one side of her shoulder to see better, and how she ran her hand under the water, then retracted it quickly because it was obviously too hot. Draco laughed lightly, causing Hermione to look out the door and see the mirror he was using to spy on her.She tried to suppress her smile, but was quite unsuccessful, so a mockingly un-approving grin formed on her lips, her brown eyes glinting with entertainment.Yes, Draco Malfoy could definitely get used to Hermione Granger.Where to take her next~:~:~:~Follow this, there is more to come.~Terra
