Hello, my lovelies. It's time for the first chapter of WYGOWM  5th Year! I'm sorry I didn't update on Sunday, but there was a NCIS marathon and I couldn't resist the cuteness that is Tony DiNozzo and Ziva David. Anyway, the story is kicking off with everyone coming back from Christmas break. Like I said on my profile, it's going to be written in 3rd Person. Enjoy!Lily watched her parents disappear through the magical barrier that divided the Muggle and magical worlds. She sighed and turned around. Hoisting her rucksack up on her shoulder, she reached for the handle of her trunk. She pulled on it with a slight groan, realizing that she might have gone overboard with her packing.Trudging her way through the crowds, she smiled at a group of First Years who were taking in the atmosphere. Making her way to one of the many open doors on the train, she tugged her trunk over the gap between the train and the platform.She looked for her friends, but they were nowhere in sight. She pulled up in front of the last compartment on this section of the train; she peered inside. Her four friends: Mary MacDonald, Alice Fortescue, Marlene McKinnon and Emmeline Vance were lounging on the seats and gossiping. She could hear Marlene's bubbly voice through the glass door.Pulling open the door, her friends rushed to greet her. Smiling, she pushed them off of her."I need to breathe, Marlene," she said, pulling Marlene off of her neck. Marlene released for a moment before grabbing her leg, rendering Lily unable to walk."I will never let go," Marlene said dramatically."You will if I make you," came Lily's threatening reply. Marlene instantly let go of Lily's leg and clambered over to her seat, where she buried her head into Emmeline's shoulder."Bugger off, Mar," Emmeline said, while Lily laughed. She stowed her trunk on the racks with the help of Mary and Alice."How was everyone's hols?" asked Marlene. "I got a brand new broom. It's amazing. James is going to be so-""Ergh," Lily gurgled. "Not him. Don't bring him up in conversation. The last thing I need to hear about is Potter.""Well, glad to know I'm appreciated around here," said a deep male voice. Everyone looked up to see James leaning against the doorframe."Get out, Potter! Nobody likes you," boomed Lily, her cheeks becoming flushed."I like him," piped Marlene. Lily narrowed her eyes at her friend. "No I don't.""Much better, Marlene. Now, Potter, get out of our compartment or I will take away points that we don't even have yet.""Fine, I'll be going. By the way, Lily flower, would you like to go on a date with yours truly?" he smiled, his white teeth sparkling."Never will I ever go on a date with you," she hissed. Standing up from her seat, she looked up at the tall boy. He looked down at her and smiled wider."Yes, you will. You'll cave for the Potter Charm. Maybe not today, but someday you will," and with that, he strode away, only turning around to wink at her before turning into a compartment.Emmeline shut her book and scooted closer to her friends. "Lily, calm down. He's nothing but a big prat and you know it. He just likes to get a rise out of you.""I know he does, but he's just so infuriating." Lily looked down at her watch. "Bloody hell, I have to be at a Prefect's meeting in two minutes! I'll see you guys in an hour or so. Bye," she said, while ducking out of the compartment.Alice was picking at her nails, Emmeline went back to reading, Marlene was attempting a card house and Mary stared at them. Alice looked up first."Mary, what are you staring at?" she asked."How could you guys not know what just happened? Lily and James just flirted and you guys are being downright bores.""Mary, you think we don't know? The two were basically created for each other," said Emmeline."James talks about Lily during Quidditch practice. It's rather annoying after a while," said Marlene."What does he say?" asked Mary, her voice jumping an octave."He doesn't name her directly, but I know who he's talking about. He goes on about how he has someone special to talk to and if he's late, she'll become grumpy and even angrier with him than before.""Ohmygod," said Mary in a rush. "He likes her so much and Lily is so clueless. How about we tell her tonight?""No!" the other three girls shouted in unison. Mary's eyes widened at the sudden increase in volume."Sorry, Mary, but if we told her she might just flip out," said Emmeline."Or she might clam up," said Alice."Or she would become a zombie and never talk to us again and she would roam about Hogwarts eating people's brains because she's in denial about liking James back," said Marlene. Everyone turned to stare at her."What?" she said, as she stuffed a Pumpkin Pasty into her mouth. Everyone shook their heads at her and continued their conversation."Lily, why is your bag moving?" whispered Remus, who sat in the chair next to her."Shush, they're trying to explain rounds to us," she scolded. Remus continued to look at her bag which continued to writhe."Lily," he said."Not now, Remus," she whispered fervently. She stared back up at the Head Boy and Girl."That's enough for now. You can go back to your compartments," said the Head Boy, Dash Mane.Lily got up, but a hand pulled on her elbow. Remus looked up at her."Lily, sit down and open your bag," he said. She glanced at it and jumped when it moved. She hesitantly undid the metal clasp and pulled the flap open."Nettle?!" she half screamed. The black Spaniel leaped out of the bag and ran around the room. Lily watched as he leaped through the door that was about to close. She looked to Remus and they both scrambled out of their chairs and followed the dog.Lily ran ahead of Remus and almost crashed into Heidi Bush, a Fourth Year Gryffindor."D'you know whose dog that was?" asked Heidi. "The thing almost clear knocked me over." And she strolled away with a glance down the corridor.Lily surged forward once again while people were looking for the source of commotion. Lily heard a small bark."Hey, little guy. Aren't you just adorable, but where is your owner?" said a voice. Lily ran faster and came face-to-face with James Potter."Evans, you really should be more on top of this as a Prefect. This little guy almost went near the Slytherins," he said. "Who does he belong to?""Me," she said breathlessly, as Remus jogged up to them, clutching a stitch in his side. "And he stowed away," she defended.He wordlessly handed Nettle over to her. "Well, hope you had a Happy Barkmas, then," he said, and he left her standing in the hall, but not before placing a small kiss on her cheek. Remus followed after him.She touched her cheek and her temper flared.
