Things students do when nobody is around, or the hundred themes of Hogwarts.Author's Note: I do not own Harry Potter or Hogwarts. I only own the OC's.Homework. (Second year, seven-hundred and four years earlier) Characters: The Renhold Twins, Felicia McNarma, Harold Brown.Felicia McNarma sat at the table in the Gryffindor Comon Room, doing her homework for Potions when one of the Renhold Twins came in, carrying a roll of parchment. "Hi Felicia" the twin greeted. Putting down her quill, Felicia turned to the twin and replied "Hi Leander. Where's your twin?" Leander sighed "He's got detention with the Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher for not doing his homework. He just handed in a blank piece of parchment and got detention for it." As Felicia returned to her homework she heard the sound of giggling coming from outside. "Brilliant prank, Achi." oe of the voices called out. The other voice, a boy's, replied "Thanks, Harold." The two boys entered the Gryffindor Common Room. Leander spotted his twin and ran towards him. "How did you escape detention?" a small First Year kid asked. The twin was about to reply when their Transfiguration Teacher entered the room. "Renhold,you'd better go and see me." he announced. Both twins asked "Which one?" The Transfiguration Professor replied "Not you, Leander. Your twin." The Renhold twin groaned and left the common room with the teacher. Felicia picked up the newly-finished homework and placed it into her schoolbag. She slung her bag over her shoulder, only to hit Harold Brown hard in the chest. "Sorry about that." A hour later, the Renhold twin which had gone with the Transfiguration Professor back to detention entered the Gryffindor Common Room. Leander ran to his twin and asked "How was detention, Achi?" Felicia crowded to her friend. "That's odd for a certain Renhold Twin to be silent" she commented. The Renhold twin looked at her and whispered "I have to do my homework in front of the teacher."This is the first part of the One Hundred Themes of Hogwarts drabbles. In case you were wondering about why one of the Renhold Twins is known as "Achi", his actual name keeps in the theme of mine to give certain families of OC's strict naming conventions. The theme of the Renholds is to give them names with an ancient Greek or Roman orgin. As the Twins' older brother has a name which is Roman in orgin, and for the Twins, I have decided to give them names from Greek myths.
