Chapter 1As she heard the lock click behind her Eliza sat down on the thin mattress and dropped her bag onto the floor. To say that Uncle Vernon was disgusted to have Eliza home was an understatement, the only reason she was allowed to stay in Harry's room was because there was still snow on the ground from a flurry just after New Year. Aunt Petunia had persuaded her husband to give Eliza the small bedroom and he had reluctantly agreed but he had made it quite clear that should Eliza make even the smallest of sounds during the night she would be out of the house and in the shed in seconds.Eliza was therefore 100% sure that this would be her last night in the house; she had left the blanket under her bed back at Hogwarts. Hogwarts. It made her heart ache to think of it. She had only left it an hour ago but it felt like a lifetime. After Umbridge had dealt her near-fatal blow she had the good sense to leave the room before Professor McGonagall could hex her. Professor Dumbledore arrived moments later and had assured Eliza that he would have her back in Hogwarts as soon as was legally possibly and that members of the Order would be keeping an eye on both her and Privet Drive.Eliza pulled her trunk to the foot of the bed but she couldn't bear to open it she pulled one of Harry's old T-shirts and a pair of his old jogging bottoms from the bottom drawer and changed quickly trying to stop the tears fall.A knock on the door disturbed Eliza's thoughts and she looked at the door not bothering to answer, not bothering to move. The door opened and Aunt Petunia's bony face poked round,"I've done you a hot water bottle, it's going to be cold tonight" Eliza nodded and took the bottle from her Aunt, avoiding eye contact. Aunt Petunia seemed to struggle with herself for a few moments but then left without another word.As Eliza predicted it was barely 11.30 when Uncle Vernon woke her from her nightmare irate with her screaming. He dragged her down the stairs and out into the shed. There was still a forgotten jumper of hers from the previous summer lying frozen stiff in the corner. Aunt Petunia opened the door a few minutes after Uncle Vernon had locked it and gave Eliza her trunk, another hot water bottle and a few extra blankets.The next few days passed by slowly. Aunt Petunia allowed Eliza into the house during the day when Uncle Vernon was at work. She passed the time reading some of Aunt Petunia's muggle novels, Eliza knew that she should be studying but she couldn't face opening her trunk.On the fourth morning of Eliza's exile Aunt Petunia announced that they, Aunt Petunia and Eliza, were going out. Eliza looked up at her aunt in confusion,"Come on get your coat. We've got an appointment and we can't be late".Eliza obediently collected her coat and followed Petunia out of the house; she looked around as they stepped off the doorstep and wondered which Order member would be following them. Petunia walked briskly along the road and Eliza walked slightly behind her, careful to keep her footing on the icy pavement.After 10 minutes of walking they arrived at their destination and Petunia opened the door and walked into the building without looking to see if Eliza was following her. Eliza looked up at the sign and felt her stomach tighten slightly in panic. It was a doctor's surgery, breathing out in determination Eliza walked through the door and stood behind her aunt as they were booked in.As they sat down in the waiting room Petunia picked up a magazine and flicked through it without taking in the content."It's for your own good" she muttered to her niece, Eliza doubted that it was."Miss Potter" The doctor poked his head around the office door and Petunia stood up and made a motion to Eliza who walked into the office ahead of her aunt."Now Miss Potter, it's been quite a while since you were here. What can I do for you?" asked the Doctor kindly, Eliza looked at the floor and allowed Aunt Petunia to speak for her."She needs some sleeping tablets Doctor. She's been suffering with terrible insomnia so if you could just prescribe some tablets we'll be out of your way".The Doctor looked slightly surprised by Petunia's directness and looked back at Eliza,"I'm sorry to hear you're not sleeping Elizabeth, why do you think that is?" Eliza didn't respond."She still doesn't like talking to stranger's doctor but I can assure you that her school is handling the selective mutism issue so if we could just get the prescription""Mrs Dursley I'm sure you can appreciate that I can't simply prescribe sleeping tablets to children without finding out the underlying cause for the insomnia. Do you know the reason why your niece is having problems sleeping?"Eliza didn't move a muscle waiting to hear what Petunia would say, if anything."Sheshe had a traumatic experience and it is giving her nightmares. Her school are dealing with the situation but she has beensuspended for a few weeks and she finds it harder being withat home that she does at school. Right Eliza?" asked Aunt Petunia carefully, Eliza nodded it was mostly accurate.The pair emerged from the surgery 20 minutes later with a fortnight's prescription for sleeping tablets and anti-anxiety medication. The doctor had finally come round to Petunia's way of thinking and wrote the prescription.That night she took the tablets under Petunia's watchful glare and then her aunt escorted her upstairs to Harry's room after a tense discussion with Uncle Vernon. She slept soundly.After her first week at Privet Drive Eliza realised that she would be staying a while, long enough to do some studying. She started working during the day when Uncle Vernon was out, Aunt Petunia pretended as if she didn't notice the diagrams move on the page.Owls had arrived for Eliza from the very first night she spent at Privet Drive but she simply detached the letters and put them under her bed. She recognised the handwriting; Fred, Hermione, Harry, Hagrid, Ron, Remus, Mrs Weasley, and even Ginny, but Eliza couldn't bear to open them.Eliza opened her Potions book and began to read, she found her attention start to ebb after about an hour but she was determined to finish the chapter. The only subject that Eliza hadn't studied was Transfiguration, she wasn't sure why.A knock at the door disturbed Eliza's thoughts and she looked over at Aunt Petunia, who was wiping the already sterile kitchen counter,"Put those books away and stay here. It's probably the postman or the milkman."Eliza nodded and pushed the books into her backpack listening to the front door. She heard Aunt Petunia's voice and she didn't sound happy, she was using a voice that she usually reserved for Harry and Eliza. Hearing the sound of footsteps Eliza stood up and looked at the door."Come on Eliza, we're going out for the day. Grab your jacket the clouds are threatening snow" Remus's voice was mild but Eliza could detect that he wasn't happy with her, or Aunt Petunia. Nevertheless Eliza nodded and went to retrieve her coat, when she returned Aunt Petunia was questioning Remus."When is she going back toto school?" she asked looking annoyed,"We're not sure yet,""Why? He said it wouldn't be too long, it's been over a week already!""Believe me Mrs Dursley we'll have Eliza back home as soon as we can" Remus emphasized the word 'home' and Aunt Petunia pursed her lips,"Will she be back for dinner?""No, Eliza will be back by 9 though, is that alright with you?"Aunt Petunia nodded and walked back into the kitchen leaving Remus and Eliza alone in the hall."Do you have your wand?" Remus asked as he opened the door,Eliza nodded and walked out into the driveway. She wanted to ask where they were going but she didn't really care, anywhere apart from Privet Drive had to be an improvement.Remus looked around at the road and seemed to nod to someone before turning back to his god-daughter."Take my arm, we're apparating"Eliza did as she was told and prepared herself as best she could. The twist came and the increasingly familiar sensation of her insides being squeezed though a tin can came over her. When she opened her eyes they appeared to be standing in an alley-way."Alright?" Remus asked looking to see if she looked like she might throw up, Eliza nodded but took a deep breath nonetheless, her stomach felt a bit like jelly."Come on then, let's get some Fish and Chips and then we can have a talk" Eliza nodded feeling slightly guilty for not replying to the owls.They walked out of the alley-way and Eliza couldn't help but gasp at the sight, Remus had bought her to the sea-side."Fred mentioned that you always wanted to come to the coast so I thought I'd bring you here. It's out of season so it's not too busy and there's an art fair just up the road that I thought you might like," Eliza nodded and fought the urge to burst into tears, one escapee ran down her cheek but Remus wiped it away before squeezing her with his arm and leading them down the promenade.As they sat on a bench eating the Fish and Chips Eliza turned to Remus,"I'm sorry Remus" she said quietly."You've got nothing to be sorry about Eliza; you have every right to be angry. I think I'd block everyone out if it was me, in fact I know I would, but the only person to blame is Umbridge. It's no one else's fault.""I just feel so""Abandoned, angry, betrayed?" Eliza nodded and took another bite of the Fish, it was delicious."How have things been at Privet Drive?" Remus asked putting his polystyrene tray on his lap and turning to face Eliza to make sure she would answer truthfully,"Fine.""Really Eliza because both you and Harry have a funny definition of what 'fine' means. You seem to think that it means everything from 'terrible' to 'quite good!'"Eliza snorted with a small laugh, she knew that Harry was like that but she didn't realise that she did it as well."How are you sleeping?""Better now that I've got the sle" Eliza stopped suddenly; she wasn't sure how Remus would react."The what?" Remus asked cautiously,"Wellthe first few nights were really bad so""Don't you have the blanket with you?""No, but I'm sleeping better now. Straight through the night.""You're not sleep-walking either?" Remus asked looking confused."No.""How Eliza?""WellummAunt Petunia took me to a doctor and he gave me somesome sleeping tablets and they work really""Sleeping tablets!" Remus yelled jumping to his feet and knocking his food onto the floor,"It's fine really, they even let me sleep in the house!" Eliza panicked and the words had just tumbled out, she hoped that Remus was too angry about the tablets to hear them."As opposed to where Eliza? The roof, the driveway?""Noplease don't get angry it's not my fault I tried not to have nightmares the first night, I even tried staying awake again but""Eliza you're right this isn't your fault, I'm sorry I shouldn't have shouted" Remus knelt down in front of Eliza and put his finger under her chin forcing her to look at him."Where did you sleep?""Inin thethe shed but it's much nicer in there now, they put a bed in and a light it wasn't like it used""Like it used to be? Merlin Eliza how long has this been going on for?""Please Remus can we not talk about it now. I don't want it to ruin the day, it's so kind of you to bring me here and it's so beautiful.""Ok but later we will talk about this Eliza. You and Harry are too good at keeping secrets, just like you're mother."After they had finished their lunch (Eliza had to share the rest of her chips with Remus because he had dropped them on the floor and the seagulls were enjoying them) they walked along the sea front talking about the magical world. Eliza found it easier to hear about than she thought she would do.Remus told Eliza that Fred had started a 'Silence for Eliza' campaign whereby most of Gryffindor house and a good deal of the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff students refused to talk in the presence of Umbridge. It made Eliza's heart ache to think of him and she resolved to read his letters when she got home.Eliza also learned that 10 of Voldemort's most fanatical followed had broken out of Azkaban and the Ministry feared that Sirius was involved. Remus assured Eliza that Sirius had promised to stay in Grimmauld Place for the time being. Eliza knew that his boredom would get the better of him at some point.The spent the rest of the afternoon at an art exhibition in a nearby town, Eliza enjoyed looking at all of the different styles of painting and Remus bought her a book on drawing people that Eliza had been admiring. People had always been troublesome for her to draw.As the sky started to darken Remus pulled Eliza into an alleyway and the two of them apparated. When Eliza opened her eyes she was pleased to see the shabby outline of Number 12 Grimmauld Place inflating between 2 houses.They walked into the hallway and Remus led the way into the kitchen.Mrs Weasley was the first to reach Eliza and she gave her a bone-crushing hug,"Oh Eliza, you're here! You look thin, are they feeding you enough? Oh we need to get you back to Hogwarts! Arthur look at her""Calm down Molly, it's only been 2 weeks since you saw her. Hello Eliza, how are you doing?" Mr Weasley gave Eliza a brief hug and then walked over to his wife and tried to calm her down."How are you doing Eliza?" asked Sirius patting the chair next to him, Eliza went and sat down,"I'm fine thank""Eliza?" said Remus with an almost wolf-like quality,"Umm...well, I've been better" Eliza corrected, Remus still didn't look satisfied but he let the matter drop.Eliza spent an enjoyable evening at Grimmauld Place but when 8.30 rolled around and Remus asked for a private moment with her Eliza knew it was time for questions again. Mr Weasley and Sirius left without fuss but Mrs Weasley lingered by the door, Eliza thought Remus might ask her to leave but instead he motioned her to sit down."Eliza we need to know what's happening in Surrey""I thought there are Order members watching the house" said Eliza looking at the table."They are watching the house Eliza but they aren't peering through the curtains. They are there to look for intruders not to make sure you're being fed. Are you getting enough food?""Yes, Uncle Vernon's at work most of the time and Aunt Petunia isshe's better than she was.""Where are you sleeping?""In Harry's room.""Don't you have a room Eliza?" asked Mrs Weasley gently, Eliza was completely stumped by the question. Did she have a room? She had alternated between the shed and the cupboard under the stairs but Eliza doubted that Mrs Weasley or Remus would be pleased to hear than."Ummyeah but it's being painted" Eliza knew that her delay in answering had cost her the lie,"Eliza do you usually sleep in the shed?" Mrs Weasley acknowledged the elephant in the room and Eliza's startled look told the story."But I'm not at the moment because it's cold so that's why Aunt Petunia got me the sleeping tablets, so I could sleep in the house!""Sleeping tablets?" asked Mrs Weasley bemused,"It's a muggle drug Molly, the muggle healer prescribed some for Eliza""But they work really well, I haven't had any nightmares and I haven't sleep walked so what's the problem?" asked Eliza desperately,"The problem Eliza is that you could get addicted and they could hurt you in the long run. Your Aunt isn't doing this for your own good she's doing it to alleviate her own conscience""Remus" warned Molly as Remus stood up looking angry,"Well then get me back to Hogwarts! Please"Mrs Weasley looked like she was going to cry and Remus looked defeated,"We're trying Eliza. We've got some homework assignments that Professor Dumbledore sent; you can send the essays by owl. Will that be allowed?""If it's during the night" replied Eliza feeling dejected."We'll have you out of there as soon as we can, I promise" said Mrs Weasley giving Eliza another hug.The goodbyes were hard but when Eliza arrived back at Privet Drive she was more worried about what Remus would say to Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon than when she would see him again. Petunia answered the door and Eliza hugged Remus hoping that he would leave quickly."Returned in one piece Mrs Dursley""Well in you come, up to bed" Eliza went to cross the threshold but Remus held her back."There's been a breakout from Azkaban prison so we'll be stepping up Eliza's security we'll try to respect your privacy and we'll try to avoid peeking through your curtains but Eliza's safety is paramount."Aunt Petunia blanched slightly but maintained her composure and Remus left without another word.As Petunia went to bed that night she couldn't help but look in on Eliza, she was sleeping peacefully and with her eyes closed she looked so much like Lily that Petunia's mind started to wander. She knew that Lily would hate what she was doing but what choice did she have. Vernon made it quite clear where the twins stood in their household. When they had first arrived Petunia had tried to treat them well but one night Harry had made Dudley's toy fly around the living room and Vernon had been livid. He moved them both into the cupboard under the stairs and instructed her to ignore their cries. Harry had always slept well but even then Eliza had always had trouble sleeping looking back Petunia wondered if it had been nightmares that had haunted her sleep even then.Petunia shook her head to clear her thoughts and turned out the landing light, Vernon had made it clear where the twins stood. It was too late to change things now.A/N Hello and welcome to the third and final (hopefully) part of Eliza's story! I had a great response to the last few chapters of Courage to Words and I'm hoping that the support will continue in this instalment. I will try and update every 2 weeks but I've moved to the Netherlands and I'm starting a master's degree so there's a lot going on at the moment.Please review, it sucks having to go back down to 0 reviews!Bethy-Boodles- I know, she's a great character to write though. Pure evil with a sugar sweet topping!ForeverTeamEdward13- I'm glad it surprised you.Rainy2000- Thanks, keep reading.Amy Pond-Lovegood- Thanks, I'm glad you've enjoyed the series!dream lighting- It felt quite strange not having Harry in this chapter.Mira SeverusSirius Black-Snape- I'm going to try beta-ing this story myself but thanks for your help, you've been great!Ryn of Magic- I know, I'm so mean!xXMizz Alec VolturiXx- Thanks for the feedback. A dragon is a good idea but I think I'm going to have her be something fairly common and muggle.Goldenfightergirl- Because I can hehe!Rainy27- Well done for finally getting an account! The move went well thanks.An aWesome Sea Maiden- This chapter was longer to make up for it!sakuravampire-aqua- Yeah the Olympic games were great, you couldn't avoid them in England! The Paralympic games start soon but I don't have a TV and the BBC won't let me watch it because I'm now in another country, very mean!XxyellowmellowxX- Are you still there? Did the suspense kill you?!LiveItBreatheItSingIt- Thanks for the review. A fox is on my shortlist, it's a really good idea thanks!Vampiremuggle- Hehe she can be sent home, I am the writer therefore I have the power!Shakira94- Thanks, I do love a good cliffhanger!1945- I really hope you're still reading!Allen Pitt- I'm not having her totally relapse it would be too much for this point in the story. She is just having a HP-style angry phase, it won't last too long she's too logical.The Cute One- Thank you for your lovely review, it made me smile all day!Ellis614- ThanksYuriko-Rurinia- Thanks. The delay is more a case of me trying to decide which animal she'll be. Don't worry though it won't be too long.GirlSwagg21- You don't need to beg, the new story is here!
