PrologueOnce upon a time, there was a pack of cigarettes, a very dark wizard, a boy who was in love with a girl who would never love him back, and a boy who was quite infatuated with a girl who would one day come to be infatuated with him too. Once upon a time, the second boy's best friend almost killed the girl's ex-best friend, and then the boy's other best friend along with the girl's ex-best friend got the boy and the girl both killed. Once upon a time, a girl and a boy had two groups of friends that they loved more than they loved themselves, and once upon a time everyone they knew died in the same war: the wizards' lost generation. Once upon a time, a girl and a boy were shoved together so powerfully that their bodies aligned and they fell in love.They weren't all that different, really, except that they were.She used school to distract herself from everything else. The outside world was nothing compared to the multiverse inside a book. She could forget that people didn't think she deserved to be where she was by being better there than they were. She lost her virginity to a boy she knew was wrong for her, and kept doing it because there was something safe in the wrongness. She discovered in her youth how convenient a spot the crook of her elbow was for carrying books. She started smoking because her best friend made her feel like shit in front of most of the school. The first time she got drunk she was sixteen and lonely and surrounded by blokes who wanted to get into her pants and probably could if they just smiled wide enough. The second time it was because her sister was getting married and she was all out of cigarettes. She chose boy after boy, but none of them fit her correctly, too tight in some places and too loose in others. She was always trying not to fall in love.But he didn't need to distract himself. The outside world was full of wonders and scary beautiful. He got everything he wanted because of who he was. He kissed too many girls, but didn't fall in love properly until he was already seventeen. He only read books to try fill up depressing free time. He started smoking when he was sixteen because he thought he was in love with a girl who didn't love him back. The first time he blacked out he was sixteen and much too happy to pace himself. He kept smoking because his best friend almost ruined everything. If it had been his choice, really, he wouldn't have chosen her. He was always trying to fall out of love.She was ice cold to him, but like compacted snow, she melted in his sunlight. He was a nomad, dehydrated after years of wandering the desert, and her melted ice was his oasis.They came together because of a cigarette and, when the smoke cleared, found they were actually quite fond of one another. They were only friends in spurts, and they loved like that too-in bits and pieces until they were properly in love. And then they were only bits and pieces.In a world that was rapidly becoming heaps of bones and pools of blood, they were two living, breathing forms whose existences came to rely so powerfully on one another that they found-almost against their wills-that they could not be without each other.They smelled like cigarettes separately, and then they smelled like cigarettes together, and then they quit because in a world where everyone was dying, there was no need to tempt the fates."I could never be without you," she told him on their wedding day, and"I could never be without you again," he replied.This is the story of how they loved, but it is important to note that love is multifaceted, and while these two meant a great deal to one another, they were not everything. Perhaps the most important part of the boy's life was the group of friends that made him the man he became and eventually led him to his death; perhaps the most important part of hers was the group of friends that pushed her to let herself fall in love and fight for what she believed in, and perhaps the most important part of both of their lives was the child they bore, the child that changed and saved the world.It began in a cloud of smoke, but it ended in a serenely clarifying flash of green light.(Their gravestones read: Lily and James Potter. The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.)(More important, however, turned out to be the first enemy: stubbornness.)A/N: So this is the start of my new Marauder Era fic! It is largely a Lily/James story, though there will be various ships in the story and I want it to actually be more of a detailed account of the lives of some of the most important witches and wizards of their time than the typical L/J love story (which I have read and written and loved dearly). Chapters are averaging around 8000 words right now, though that could change depending on my level of motivation within the next month or so. The prologue, the title, and a great deal of this fic are inspired by the poem "Other Lives and Dimensions and Finally a Love Poem" by Bob Hicok. Please do leave me your feedback, as it greatly aids me in writing! Many thanks to my shiny new beta and good friend, Dana, for all her help here. Thanks for reading.
