Chapter 1: Alvar PeverellGodric's Hollow, October 31, 1981It was a wet and windy night, the final day in October. Out of nowhere a man apparated onto the middle of a street. Tall, pale skinned, and skinny, the man began moving forward with an air of power and superiority. His jet-black hair styled perfectly, not so much as moving even from the wind. His icy blue eyes were glaring straight ahead of him. He passed by houses and shops alike. The houses covered with decorations of spiders and ghouls. Children and parents roaming the streets going door to door. As he observed the children in their ridiculous costumes he sneered. 'Filthy muggles.' He thought bitterly to himself. 'I could kill them all, it would be so simple and it would help rally his troops, but it's unnecessary, quite unnecessary.' All of his troops were already excited. He was still continuing to gather power and in turn, more followers.He continued with long strides down the street. How could a child, a baby, have the power to destroy him. At the first chance the child would have to die but how could the child possibly defeat him? In any case the child must die, tonight. After a few minutes, he finally arrived at the two-story cottage at the end of the street in Godric's Hollow. He walked up to the front window and peered in. He saw the father, James Potter, sitting on the couch with his wand shooting bubbles out of the tip. James Potter is a tall man with black hair and glasses. Then he saw the small boy sitting in James' lap, trying to catch and pop the bubbles. Of to the side was James' wife Lily. She was admittedly very beautiful for a muggleborn. She was around the same height as James, with long red hair going past her shoulders. The occupants looked so peaceful, not realizing that this would be their last night alive.With this he gave the signal to his followers to take down the wards around the house and to get out of the town. As soon as this began the wards of the house went off and the occupants of the house were aware of the Dark Lords arrival. James yelled at Lily to take Harry upstairs. While Lily ran James went towards the entrance of the house. The Dark Lord raised his wand towards their front door which burst open with a large explosion. Voldemort stepped inside and laughed at James before casting the curse. "Avada Kedavra!"A bright green light shot from Voldemort's wand, lighting up the hallway and engulfed James Potter before he fell to the ground dead. He heard a scream from the upper floor. He climbed the stairs listening with amusement at Lily's attempt to barricade the door. Reacting quickly and precisely the Dark lord blew the door inwards, knocking back the pathetic barricade. He cast away everything blocking his path and strode towards Lily Potter."Not Harry, please, not him, kill me instead!" The woman screamed, tears rolling down her face.The Dark Lord gave a cruel cold laugh. "Avada Kedavra!"The green light engulfed Lily as she screamed and then dropping like her husband. He then turned towards the child in the crib. The child had tears running down his face while he was gripping the bars of his crib. He slowly lifted his wand towards the baby."Goodbye Harry Potter." The Dark Lord said quietly."Avada Kedavra!"The green light went to engulf Harry, but when it tried to touch him, it was stopped by an invisible force field. Suddenly the light rebounded from Harry and engulfed the Dark Lord.A few minutes later a man appeared. A tall slender man, with long white hair and a beard so long it was tucked into his belt. The man ran inside the house and ran over to James. He shook his head sadly when he saw no signs of life in him. He quickly went upstairs and into the nursery. He walked in frightened at what he thought he would find but was shocked when he saw the dead body of the Dark Lord at his feet. He looked around the room and saw the dead body of Lily Potter; he then walked up to the crying baby in the crib beside Lily. The child looked so sad, as if he knew what had happened. The man picked up the child and noticed a lightning bolt shaped scar on the middle of his forehead. Quickly he took the child away from the crib and left the home.Meanwhile in the heart of London, a 1 year old baby boy was laying down in his crib. Suddenly, the child sat up, looking around. The child had seen the Dark Lord attack the Potters and then was defeated, but the child knew that the Dark Lord was still alive. Just then the mother of the child crept into the room. She walked up to the crib and picked up the child and cradled him in her arms, gently rocking him."You need to go to sleep." The mother whispered. She laid the child back down into the crib and leaned down and kissed the child on the forehead."Goodnight, Alvar Peverell"AN: Sorry for taking so long with updates. Remember, more reviews = faster updates. So please review my story if you want more chapters to come out quickly.
