Disclaimer: Everything Harry Potter is owned by JK Rowling. Author's Note: I have permission from Winger-Hawk to use some of her ideas. Her story is called Serendipity. So go and check that out.IntroductionSnape awakes from a coma nearly two months after the final battle to a world in which Voldemort is gone. Deciding he has nothing more to live for, he tries to end his life. He ends up de-aging himself and erasing his memories. He is now 2 weeks old. Harry and Ginny find him. Will he have a better life? Will he have parents that love him? Will he get a life he deserves?Author's Note: Cedric, Sirius, Remus, Tonks, Ted, Fred, Dumbledore, Dobby are still alive in this story.Prologue July 13th 1998Harry and Ginny were making their way up to the hospital wing to see Madam Pomfrey. They wanted to know how Professor Snape was doing. Since he had saved Harry's life over and over again.When they got there they heard the sound of a baby crying."Madam Pomfrey?" Harry callsThere was no answer. Both of them followed the sound of the crying to find a baby in Madam Pomfrey's store room."Hello little one where did you come from?" Ginny asks scooping the baby up"Ginny this is a bottle of de-ageing potion", Harry says looking at the bottle on the floor"Who do you think he is?" Ginny asks rocking the babyThe baby's cries quickly quieten down. The baby had black hair and dark blue eyes."It's Snape. His bed is empty", Harry says"Can we turn him back?" Ginny asks"No. Says here it is permeate. And that it erases memories", Harry says"How old is he?" Ginny asksHarry quickly runs a scan."He is only 2 weeks old", Harry says"What do we do? Do we go to Professor Dumbledore?" Ginny asksHarry looks at the baby and he already felt a connection to him."No. He has already done enough damage. I think we should take him away", Harry saysGinny looks at the baby feeling a connection too."Where too?" Ginny asks"Godric's Hollow. I have renovated my parents old house. We can live there to we get this situation sorted. I have put up strong wards so he will be safe there", Harry suggests, "Do you want to come with me? We can't tell anyone about this yet""I will come with you. I can't leave him. But we must get baby supplies", Ginny says rocking the baby"Let's go to Diagon ally. We can glamour ourselves and get what we need. I need potion ingredients", Harry says"Let's call him Sam until we get to Godric's Hollow", Ginny suggests"Great Idea", Harry saysThey quickly glamour their selves and the baby. And they quickly get out of Hogwarts without anyone seeing them. That was a miracle in itself.They quickly head to Gringotts and withdraw a lot of money before heading to Alkyds and Moore. A baby shop."You hold Sam while I have a look around", Ginny says handing him the baby"Hello little guy. Don't worry we will take care of you", Harry says kissing the baby's head"What colour pram do you want?" Ginny asks looking at prams"How about the Quidditch one?" Harry says"Prefect. But we also need one for the muggle world", Ginny says"How about the the moon and sun one?" Harry asks"Perfect. We also need a carrier", Ginny says"Miss I will hold your stuff until you are done if you like?" the shopkeeper asks"That would he great thanks", Ginny replies smiling handing him the pram and the carrier"What type crib do you think?" Harry asks"I think the Quidditch one", Ginny says"Dark or light wood?" the shop keeper asks"Dark wood. And dark wood for the chest of draws and the rocking chair", Ginny replies, "Now what type of toys?""How about the snake? Do you like the snake Sam?" Harry asksBut the sight of the snake makes to infant begin to cry."I guess that is a no", Harry says"How about the lion cub and the wolf cub?" Ginny asks"Yes them. What about the black dog?", Harry asks"Yes", Ginny saysThey soon pick out a lot of toys and put them on the counter."What colour blankets?" Harry ask"What about red, black, green, purple, blue, white, aqua, blue-green, bright lavender, carmine red, cyan, electric green, ferrari red, heliotrope?" Ginny replies"Prefect. Should we do that with the clothes as well?" Harry asks"Yes i think so" Ginny replies"You are going to be a very spolit baby", Harry says kissing Severus's headThey spend the next hour in the shop collecting a crib with a matress, a changing table, chest of draws, a rocking chair, stuffed toys (Lion cub, Wolf cub, black dog, a Stag, a Doe, a baby Ravan, Elephant, Cheetah Cub, a Penguin, a Whale, a Seal, an Owl, a Frog, a Cat, a blue teddy bear and a brown teddy bear), bottles, baby formula, binky's, blankets, baby soap, shampoo, a high chair, clothes (Lots of clothes), Baby Mobile (To hang above crib), Baby monitor, changing table, diapers, diaper wipes, diaper cream, changing mat, bed sheets, baby bathtub, towels, nightlight, a play pen, a baby Thermometer,a nursing pillow, bibs, burp clothes, a sling, and a diaper bag."Do you think we have everything?" Ginny asks worried"I think we do. But we must go to Flourish & Blotts to get parenting books", Harry says holding Severus close"Good idea", Ginny says"How much?" Harry asks the shop keeper"638 Galleons, 29 sickles and 10 knuts", the Shop keeper says"Here you go", Harry says handing over the moneyThey quickly shrink all of their purchases. Except the sling. Ginny quickly puts on the sling and gently places Severus in it."Ok next stop Flourish & Blotts", Harry says making their way up the street"Do you think we are doing the right thing?" Ginny asks quietly"Yes. I saw his life. We are doing the right thing", Harry saysThey spend half an hour in there buying their books."Harry this one says there is a potion to help me lactate", Ginny says"Ok. I'll write down the ingredients. We can brew it tonight", Harry says quickly making a list on the ingredients"Excellent. Let's purchase these books and let's get going", Ginny says quickly taking the books up to the counter"That will be 50 galleons, and 10 sickles", the store keeper saysHarry quickly hands over the money and they make their way to the Apothecary."You two wait out here and I will be right back", Harry says kissing Ginny's lipsHarry needed ingredints for the Wolfbane potion and the muscle strenghten, Pain potion, Blood-Replenishing Potion, Calming Draught, cough potion, fever reducer, kids flu potion, Pepper-up Potion, Veritaserum. He was hit with an unnamed curse during the battle in his leg. It had destroyed the muscles tissue in his leg. He managed to get rid of the curse but it didn't stop the damage. Now he had to take strenghten 3 times a day otherwise he will be on a cane. Ginny knows this of course and made sure he took his potion. Soon enough Harry was out 15 minutes later with a lot of potion ingredients."Ok. Let's go to our new home", Harry saysGinny wraps her arms around Severus and Harry wraps an arm around Ginny's waist and they apparate to Godric's Hollow.Severus begins crying as soon as they arrive."Shh love it's alright", Ginny cooed rocking him back in forward"Welcome to 28 Godric's Hollow", Harry says as soon as they calm Severus down"It's lovely. There are fifthteen houses here", Ginny says looking around"I know. I bought all of them. 23 - 37. I was thinking about giving one to Remus and Tonks. That was until Severus came along", Harry explains"I think we should tell them. Just them. They have Teddy and they can help us out with Severus", Ginny says"I will think about it. Let's get inside", Harry says leading them inside"We need furniture", Ginny says looking around"I know. Maybe tomorrow we can go shopping for furniture. The kitchen is fully stocked however. I expanded this place when I renovated. I used Arithmacy and Ancient Runes to create wizarding space. So it looks bigger on the inside then on the outside. The basement is a potion lab, storage area and elf sleeping quarters. As well as the laundry. The Basement is also a play area with soft grass and trees. It is like a backyard down there. The Third Floor has 12 rooms, There are four master bedrooms and the nursery are five the other 7 are spare rooms. The four master bedrooms have a bathroom and Spa attached otherwise there is three other bathrooms on that Second floor has 12 rooms and 5 bathrooms. There is also two closets on that floor they are really big. The first floor has 12 rooms and five bathrooms", Harry explains, "My office is on the ground floor, there is room for an office for you as well, this is a play room, three story library that we need to fill up with books I used wizarding space in there to fix at least 100,000 books, and 6 other bedrooms and three bathrooms. We have a big dining room and a big kitchen which you can design how you like. There is a total of 42 rooms and 20 bathrooms""When did you learn Arithmacy and Ancient Runes?" Ginny asks"I studyed them in my spare time. Ron and Hermonie never knew. I also learnt Ancient Magic, Muggle Studies, History and I also learnt some languages. That was when they left me in the search for the Horcruxs. I also learnt warding and wandless magic", Harry replies with a shrug"Can you teach me Ancient Magic? Wandless Magic, Warding and some Languages" Ginny asks"Sure. It is really simple once you get the hang of it", Harry replies"What does it look like to muggles from the outside?" Ginny asks"With the wards I have set they see a house that has been expanded a little bit and done up quite nicely. Only you, me, Remus, Tonks, Teddy and Severus are keyed into the wards", Harry says"Have you fixed the nursery?" Ginny asks"Yes. Let's get this little guy settled and I'll brew that potion for you", Harry says"You hide your intelligence at school", Ginny says softly"Yeh at the Dursley's if I got better grades then Dudley they would punish me. They call it an ingrown behaviour. Only George, Fred, Remus and Tonks know but you. Hermione and Ron would be jealous if they knew my IQ", Harry says softly"Well they shouldn't tell me", Ginny says kissing him softlyGinny was going to give them a few curses next time. They were holding Harry back at school. They should have helped him out of that habit. She would have to work on it."170. I have photographic memory. When I decided to try and show my skills in Potions in 6th year. Hermione got angry. So I am better off hiding it", Harry says"Don't hide it from me love. Let it out. Don't hide it anymore show them the real Harry Potter. Those two seriously need to be taught a lesson", Ginny says"They are still my friends. Even if you, Neville, Luna, Fred, George, Dean, Susan, Seamus and Lavender are more friends then they are", Harry revealsAuthor's Note: What do you think? Please review and i'll update as soon as possible:)
