Draco Malfoy intently stalked his prey. To an observer, he was walking down an empty corridor. It was dusk and only faint light fell from the windows. Lanterns lined the wall. Still, he appeared to be alone. He had stopped walking, but the sound of soft footsteps still echoed throughout the hall."You can come out, Weasel. Don't walk away from me. I can't see you, but that doesn't mean I don't know you're there." The footfalls had stopped. Silence fell. Draco crossed his arms across his chest. "I'm waiting, Weasel." He tapped his foot in annoyance.Ron sighed and uncloaked himself. "How did you know I was wearing this?"Draco smirked. "You, Potter and Granger have been traipsing through this place for six years under that thing's cover, someone was bound to notice eventually, it just happened to be yours truly.""But how did you know?" Ron asked."It can only cover so much; if it wasn't your gangly legs poking out from underneath that gave you away, it was your klutzy manner of walking. You took out a couple of first years back there."Ron glanced at his sides searching for others. "Have you been following me? What do you want?" Fearing an ambush of sorts, he shifted his weight, preparing to flee."Use of the cloak, I need to spy on somebody." Draco said. He took a step toward Ron. "I promise to give it back."Ron scowled. "This is a bloody joke, right? There is no way in hell I'm going to give you Harry's cloak. You're going to have to take it by force."Draco shook his head. "You've been hanging around muggles for too long Weasel; their simple ways are starting to rub off on you. We magic folk can use magic for a reason; this wand here is not just for show. Accio invisibility cloak." To Draco's surprise, the cloak stayed in Ron's possession.Ron chuckled. "You've been hanging around Slytherins too long, Ferret; their simple minds are starting to rub off on you."Draco glared at Ron. "Don't mock me, Weasel""You couldn't really have thought that would have worked? This cloak is stronger than some retrieving spell. Aren't you supposed to be smarter than that?"Draco pocketed his wand. "Fine, I'll just revert to your barbaric tactics." Draco started running at Ron, who having readied himself, began to flee."Malfoy, get away from me!" He screamed behind his shoulder. "You're not taking this cloak from me."You can't run from me for long, Weasel. I have the stamina of a seasoned seeker, and all you've got is some scrawny keeper's build." Draco was slowly closing the distance between them."I've also got this invisibility cloak." Ron shrouded himself in its cover and resumed running."You can't hide from me forever like that." Draco yelled. "There is nowhere for you to run." He was right. They had reached the end of the hallway and Ron was cornered."Just leave me alone, Malfoy." Ron said, trying to figure out a way to get past Draco."Not until I get what I want." He only had one chance, so he pounced in the direction of Ron's voice. He tackled him, an interesting experience since he couldn't see the mass he had taken down. The cloak fell off of Ron to the floor as Draco pinned Ron to the ground."Ahh, you son of a bitch, get off of me Ferret." Ron struggled under Draco's fit form."You're going to have to make me. Whoa!" He had taken any stock in Ron's athleticism and found himself underneath his enemy."See what a scrawny little keeper's body can do. Now that's I've got you here, what do you think I should do to you?"Draco jerked his body underneath Ron, who had put all his weight onto him. "Get off me." Footsteps sounded. "Did you hear that?" Draco whispered"Don't try to trick me." Ron said holding his grip."You git." He spoke through his teeth. "Shut up, it could be Filch."Ron stayed silent and made out a sound. He grabbed the cloak that was at their sides and covered them both up."Weasel, does your face have to be so close to mine." Draco murmured. He had never been this close to Ron before and he was staring at the face before him. He never thought to actually look at him before. He was just the Weasel. Friend of a mudblood and hanger-on of the boy who lived. Draco's thoughts were fixated on the boy on top of him. He had a handsome face, despite the dusting of freckles, or maybe enhanced by them. Draco wasn't sure. He was in awe of Ron's strength, enough to keep him down, something he hadn't expected. Ron had completely lain himself onto Draco. Draco was starting to breath heavily as he became more entranced by Ron."There's barely enough room under here for the both of us." Ron said, interrupting Draco's thoughts. "Trust that I am contemplating giving myself up just to get away from you."Despite knowing that Ron should have no reason to be this close to Draco, or even reciprocate this attraction that he started having towards him, Draco was still struck with a weird mixed feeling of hurt and anger. "Then why don't you?" Draco blurted out just a bit louder than he meant to."Malfoy, shut up!" Ron hissed.Draco glared upward. "Don't tell me toit's Filch. Weasel, shut up."Filch getting closer. "I'm not talk" Draco sensed Filch's presence and did the first thing that came to his head to get Ron to stop talking. He kissed him. Ron was in shock. He was kissing Draco Malfoy, the most despicable boy in the school. His mind was racing. He hated him. His perfectly slicked back blond hair, grey pools for eyes, flawless porcelain skin, strong firm body, soft gentle lips...His thoughts trailed off and he realized that he wasn't just being kissed, he was kissing him back. He pressed his hips into Draco's instinctively. This elicited a small moan from Draco drawn into Ron's mouth. Ron, letting lust take control, continued to slowly rock himself against Draco, each movement letting out a whimper from both, each sound swallowed by the other. Ron's grip loosened on Draco's arms. Draco broke free from the grasp and ran his hands along Ron's sides. He was surprised at how toned he had felt. Ron's hand me down robes were too baggy, concealing most of his body, and Draco had never noticed it. They broke the kiss.."He's gone." Draco said looking around. In his head he wondered just how long they had been snogging for.Ron leapt off of Draco and grabbed the cloak "What'd you do that for?" Ron wiped his lips off.Draco sat up. "You were being loud and obnoxious, so I shut your mouth, Weasel. You were being a hypocrite telling me to shut up and then making all the noise.""Did you have to shut my mouth with yours? Not even Hermione's parents can save it from becoming infected with something. Was it really necessary to use your tongue?" Ron made a face of disgust."I don't do anything half-assed, Weasel. If I'm going to kiss you, it's going to be the best kiss you've ever had. And from your reaction, I could tell it was.""Next time, use your hands, not your mouth." Ron said"I would have, but you were pinning them down. You're right though, you're not nearly as scrawny as you look." Draco eyed him up and down."I don't like that look you're giving me. Just stay away from me, Malfoy." Ron started walking away."Ron, you're so sexy, how can I stay away from you?" Draco asked, following him. That kiss made me weak. I want more." His pace quickened and he got a hold of Ron, pushing him into the wall. "You're backed into a corner now. There's nowhere you can go.""Malfoy, you shouldn't be doing this. What will the other Slytherins think?"".Hmm, should I care?" Draco pressed himself against Ron. He rubbed his hands against Ron's chest." "Your body feels so hot underneath your robes. Maybe you should take them off, or maybe I should.""Uh, Draco..." His voice trailed off. His mouth was getting dry and he licked his lips."Yes?""Kiss me." Ron said. He hardly believed those words just came out."You're in no place to be telling me what to do." Draco smirked, pushing himself further into Ron. His face was in the crook of Ron's neck. He loved the way the boy smelled."Please, Draco, kiss me." Ron pleaded. He was melting against Draco's touch."Since you asked nicely, I suppose I can indulge you." Draco grabbed the collar of Ron's neck and placed a kiss on his neck. He undid the robe and it fell to the floor, leaving Ron in just a pair of shorts. Draco kissed him down his chest and stomach."Uh uh, I didn't mean my body." Ron stuttered. His body shivered in pleasure. He moaned as Draco nibbled the flesh around his navel. His head leaned back against the stone wall."You should have been more specific then." Draco said. He continued to kiss down Ron's torso. He snaked his fingers around the waistband of Ron's shorts. Ron gasped, dropping the cloak and clasped his hands onto Draco's."Bloody hell. Draco, stop, before you go any further." Ron said panicked, but unsure if he may not have wanted Draco to stop."Are you sure?" Draco asked, looking up with a sly smile.Ron hesitated. He had a gorgeous guy on his knees in front of him, ready to do things that he had never done before. "Yes, please stop." Six years of hatred couldn't be washed away easily enough."Fine, but you have such a gorgeous form, I wouldn't mind seeing all of it." Draco said, letting go of Ron."Draco, why are you doing this to me?" Ron asked, his head still reeling."I want you." He leaned in and whispered in Ron's ear. "I need you.""Why?" Ron asked. Their eyes met. There was desire shining in both of their eyes."Because, you have something I want." He crouched down whilst pressing his hand against Ron's groin. Ron's body shuddered as he bit his lip, holding back a moan. "And now you don't." Draco finished, seizing the fallen Invisibility Cloak. "See you around Weasel." Draco yelled, running off.Ron, slightly dazed, didn't realize what happened until it was too late. Quickly dressing himself he took off after him, shouting, "Bloody hell. Malfoy, you bastard, get back here!"A/N: This was a oneshot I wrote awhile ago, I tweaked it a little, as it was for a challenge involving just dialogue, so I added the not dialogue...I think I want to continue and make it into a longer story. Tell me what you think!
