This is my first Sirius x Severus story, so if characters are OOC then don't blame mewell you can but it won't do any good. I don't own Harry Potter and never will. This disclaimer is true. Anyway, this story is mpreg and contains violence, rape, angst, incest, and other things. This story contains some OCs because I'm not really sure who went to school during when the marauders were still around except maybe Draco's mom and dad. The story will sometimes be in Snape's POV. Enjoy if you can. This chapter is based during the end of year 5. In this story, Severus is just a bit older than Sirius cuz I'm not really sure how far apart their ages are (I know it's either by months or weeks or something).Severus was not having a good time, but at the same time he was. Lily had somehow gotten him to agree to go to an end of the school year dance. The slytherin had never been a party type of person and doubted he ever would be. Lily had told him that maybe he would finally find that special girl he been dreaming of. Of course this statement earned his best friend a glare. She knew as well as he that he had never in the history of ever, dreamed about girls or anyone as a matter of fact as far as she knew though secretly there was one exceptionSirius Black.Even though the two seemed to despise each other on the outside, Severus actually had a soft spot for the younger boy. Severus knew that this relationship was never going to happen since Sirius clearly hated his guts and would clearly be disgusted if he ever knew. He hadn't told anyone about his crush, not even Lily. He knew she would try and find a way to make it happen, but he knew it just wouldn't happen. Sirius knowing would be the end of him. He felt like he could just slither into a hole and never come out at just the thought of it. Stillit was a nice idea to think about him and Sirius being together even if it was in secret."Come on and dance with me Sev!" Lily smiled grabbing his hands and trying to pull him to the dance floor."No way! I don't want to make a fool of myself!" Severus didn't want any reason for Potter or his friends to make fun of him, especially Sirius."Ok then!" Lily sighed.. "I guess I have to dance with someone else then!"Severus sighed with relief, happy that she hadn't suspected his crush on Sirius was the reason why he wouldn't join her. At least now he could be alone. As he stood near the open doorway, he decided to look at all the scenery around him. Everybody seemed to be having a good time. As long as no one bothered him, he was having a good time also. Severus frowned in disgust at the site of the marauders flirting with some girls at the punch bowl. To his surprise, Sirius wasn't among them, which was odd. Why wasn't he there?'He's probably off with some girl.' Severus's eye twitched at the thought. Sirius was a pretty attractive young man and had girls all over him, ranging from first years to any woman older than him. Severus mentally winced as he compared himself to Black's handsome face. Compare to himself, Sirius was a god and he was greasy creep and a loser. How could anyone ever love him?Severus inwardly gasped when a rough hand was slapped over his mouth and he was yanked outside. Before the slytherin could defend himself, he felt something being stabbed into his neck and then went like a candle. When he had finally awakened from his sleep, his head was spinning and hurt like hell. When the pain had finally stopped, he looked around. He was in Professor Slughorn's classroom lying on the man's desk. After the pain went away, the slytherin reached down to his pocket to grab his wandgoodat least if he got attacked, he could defend himself. Deciding that it was best to leave before something bad happened, the slytherin went towards the door and started to open it only to find it locked."What the heck? Why won't it open?" Severus tried again but it stayed locked. Suddenly a hand once again slapped a hand over his mouth."Where do you think you're going here, Snivellus?" a seductive voice whispered in his ear.'Black? What the hell is going on here?!' Severus somehow managed to gasp when Sirius grabbed his front."HmmmSeverusI didn't realize you were sobig" Sirius pushed Severus against the wall and grinded his hips against the older boy's ass, making the slytherin panic.'He's going to rape me!' Severus tried to calm down, but Sirius just grinded even harder against him making him hard. "Si-siriuspleasedon't do this""You don't know how long I've wanted to do this Snape" Sirius purred. "Do you know how much I've wanted to fuck you? Ever since I've seen your beautiful face, I can't fall asleep without thinking about you. Even if you're a fuckin' snake, I don't think I can resist you for long""Get off of me you pervert!" Severus had managed to get the Gryffindor off of him. What if he was drunk? Severus had far too many experiences with drunk men to know what was going to happen next.Sirius started laughing. "You look so cute when you're scared Sevy"Thinking fast, Severus quickly pulled out his wand, but Sirius was just a bit faster and managed to knock the slytherin's wand out of his hand and pinned him down to Slughorn's desk with incredible speed."Either be a good bitch or I'm going to have to do this the hard way" Sirius whispered into Snape's ear.Severus just glared at him and spit in his face, threating to kill the other boy if he did let him go. Sirius smirked and ignored Severus's threats. No matter what he said or how much he fought back, Sirius was the stronger one. After muttering a spell that was too low for Severus to hear, his clothes were stripped off and his wrists were bonded by a silvery rope that came from Black's wand. He knew it was too late to do anything now, so he just laid there as Sirius was gazing up into his eyes, with his hands clasped around the back of his neck. The Gryffindor's sweet, sweet mouth was murmuring words that he would have given anything not to hear at that moment. Severus just laid there as he had his way with him.Why was he allowing this to happen? It was true that he loved Siriusno, had loved him, but now that love was replaced by hate and anger. How could Sirius do this to him? True, they had never gotten alone with each other, but only a low person would do this...Was Sirius drunk? Even if that were so, Sirius more than likely would remember every second of it. How Severus had moaned with both pain and mostly pleasure when Sirius penetrated him would make him the laughing stock of the entire school. No one would dare make fun of Black for obvious reasons. Black was handsome as hell and only someone who was extremely drunk would ever have sex with Severus Snape.Severus's attention snapped back to reality as Sirius grunted one last time before pulling out of the young slytherin and lying beside him for a bit. Snape wasn't really sure what to do so he just laid there while the other boy had his eyes shut. Severus was relieved when the spell that was holding him in bondage faded. Slowly sliding off of Slughorn's desk, he realized somethingthe smell of sex still hung in the air and him and Sirius weren't dressed. What if someone walked in on them? Quickly looking for his wand, Severus had managed to find it under one of the student desks. He quickly dressed himself and Sirius and then used a cleaning spell on both of them and on the tainted desk they had sex on.Lifting up Sirius, who was surprisingly not too heavy, Snape placed him in a desk and snuck a peek at the clock; it was 11:30 p.m. Snape knew he had to get out of there fast because this was going to be one of the first places the marauders would look. Even if it wasn't, Severus Snape was taking no chances. How would he explain to Lily what happened to him at the party? After all, he had promised her a slow dance after she begged him for one little dance a week earlier. He would just say someone spiked his punch and he was feeling a little dizzy so he went to bed. He knew that she would buy the lie because she always trusted what he said no matter what. After finding the right spell to unlock the door, Severus left, but not before glaring and cursing the one person who broke his heart.I would have written more, but I don't really don't really want to continue unless people read and review or just favorite or follow. Until then, I'll just be working on my other fanfics. I didn't put a really detailed lemon in because I want to wait a bit. Thanks for reading!EDITED 11/24/13
