Disclaimer - I don't own any of the Harry Potter Characters or settings. All credit goes to J.K and Warner Brothers. I only take credit for the plot and any OC's present in this story.A/N - Whoa! this is my first ever fanfic, so i'm quite nervous. All criticism and ideas are welcome, however i would appreciate no flames. Rating subject to change. Will touch on abusive themes though not in any detail. It will be more tell than show. My Fem!Harry will be more of an OC. Possible lemons in the futures, though right now that seems unlikely. If any of the above disturbs you, then i suggest you continue no further. I hope you enjoy the story and review!"Speak"  means they are speaking in German. jPrologueBerlin, Germany 1931It was raining outside again, but she didn't care. She didn't care that her long blonde hair was soaked or that the rags they called clothes were sticking to her skin. She didn't care that she was shivering and her lips were turning blue. She just missed them so much; her mama, papa and grandmamma. She missed the warm nights they used to spend together, the sounds of their voices and gentle touches. Now, all she had left was the sharp pain of the metal rod hitting her small body and the harsh shouts and insults of Madam Bach, the Matron of the orphanage she called home for 2 years. They thought her a freak, because she saw things and could do things. It wasn't her fault they weren't gifted like she was. She remembered her grandmamma saying how special and strong she was and how she never saw as clearly as I did. They were all dead now and there was no one to protect her from the cruelty of these strangers that pretended to care.They didn't care either, the people walking by; glancing at the four year old sitting alone on the side of the street. Not one had stopped to offer her help, a warm coat or some money for a piece of bread. Not one had even bothered to give her a second glance; their eyes would slide over her like she wasn't there. Except his. The strange man that had been staring at her for the past half an hour. The strange man that everyone seemed to overlook. It was odd she thought; for them not to see him when he was so un-overlookable. His shoulder length blonde hair and angular face was striking; he was a very handsome man. She knew from the way the rain seemed to bounce off of him that he was magical, a wizard like her father. She had noticed him on her daily rounds of pick-pocketing and he had noticed her, noticing him.She watched him move to sit at a bench and smile at her, silently inviting her to sit with him. Moving towards him with slow heavy steps, she climbed up onto the bench, immediately noticing that it was dry and warm there, she was grateful for the reprieve against the harsh winter conditions of Berlin."It is a strange occurrence to find a witch as young as you, alone in muggle Berlin" the man spoke suddenly, breaking the cushion of silence that had encased them for a few minutes."Stranger things have happened" she replied, licking her lips nervously. Glancing at him, she watched him turn to her and smile, amusement dancing in his eyes."You are as amusing as you are beautiful, young one. Where are your guardians?""Around" she said, on the defensive. There was something different about this man, she could sense it. She had long ago been forced to learn to rely on her intuition, it was rarely wrong. Something she knew she had inherited from her family."They don't seem to be around" he replied mockingly, an arch to his pale eyebrows. She got up to leave, already bored of his games. She was tired and hungry and although she knew that waiting for her back at the orphanage was another beating, she would go back as she did every day."Come home with me child" he said abruptly, something strange seeping into his voice as he whispered the words."Why should I?" she snipped back as she paused."It is obvious you are not being treated as you should" he said, gesturing to her rags. "I see a desperation in you, child; an anger almost. I can help you destroy them; the ones that hurt you. I can make you so strong child, if only you believe and trust in me" his voice rising with urgency with ever sentence spoken."And if I don't?""Then you can go back and hope a better offer comes your way" he answered, staring into her eyes with an uncomfortable amount of intensity."Why me?""Why not?" he countered quickly, a smirk playing on his cupid bow lips. He knew she would come with him, he knew only too well the hunger and anger that burned inside her. She was too young to understand the full force of her feelings, but when she did, he would be there to mold her as he desired."Where will you take me?" she questioned, trying to ignore the hopefulness that bloomed inside her chest. He would change her life, she knew. The pressure building at the back of her head practically confirmed it."Munich, my lovely; to my castle where you'll be respected and awed. You'll become strong and powerful, as long as you follow my lead. There will be hard work and you will have to prove yourself my dear, but I have no doubt that you will take to it like a duck to water" he answered."You'll not hurt me?" she whispered, looking up into his deep blues."I will not lie; there will be hurt my dear. But for the Greater Good, this pain will become so insignificant you will celebrate it. Live for it even" he whispered seductively."I want to be strong" she said, captivated by the dream he had spun."I will make you strong"he promised, "Come with me.""Ok" she whispered biting her lip. She smiled hopefully up at this man that promised her the world. A world where she wouldn't be stepped on and beaten. A world where she held all the power. A world where she could shine. Taking his out-stretched hand, they stood together watching the muggles walk pass them oblivious."Your name child?"he asked, smiling down at her."Thalia, Thalia Hart.""Well Thalia, my name is Gellert Grindelwald. But you, my child, can call me Daddy."
