So as I said in the description this will be Sirius/Remus/Hermione. There are touches of past Sirius/Remus mentioned of course. I own nothing but the plot. Please review, they make me write faster! Also I have no beta so if you would like to voulenteer please shoot me a message. Any how... On with the story!"Remus I figured it out!" Sirius exclaimed bursting into his living room without bothering to knock on the front door."Figured out what exactly?" Remus asked curiously as he set down his book. Having his best friend burst into his house unannounced was such a common occurrence that he didn't feel the need to comment on it anymore. Plus he was curious and asking questions that didn't pertain to the matter at hand wouldn't ease his wolfs curiosity any time soon."How we can both have the witch that makes us happier than we have ever been!" Sirius said exasperatedly as if there was nothing else important enough to make him come barging in like this. Which in all honestly there probably wasn't at the moment to either one of them.Remus sat up curiously. "Oh? And how exactly can we do that?" He said finally noticing the book in Sirius's hands. "Did you finally make use of the Black library for something other than dirty books?" he teased.Sirius stuck his tongue out at the other man but didn't dignify his comment with any more of a reply. "Read this." He said tossing the book into Remus' lap. "The relevant information is about halfway down the marked page and goes on for about a page and a half. You'll know where it stops" He said with a grin as he moved to sit down across from him.Remus eyed him curiously and settled in to read the information in question. Sirius was thoroughly entertained watching the other man read. Every time he read something that caught his attention his eyebrows went up another notch until Sirius was sure they would get lost in his hair.Finally Remus set down the book and looked across the coffee table at Sirius. "You are beyond brilliant. I had never thought of triad bonding, its so rare that most people don't bother to learn about it. But this is the perfect situation for it if any ever existed." He said with a grin, "My only question is if Hermione will agree to this.""We will find a way to make her agree. If anything we could tell her that the triad gains power just because of the unique strength of their bond." Sirius said with a chuckle."Or you could just mention that its something new that needs research. I think that might appeal to her more" Remus pointed out with a smirk."Why don't I just go up and send her an owl inviting her to have dinner with us and we can just talk to her about it then? I think laying all cards out on the table will earn the most respect and give us the best chance." Sirius said trying to be the voice of reason that he rarely was."Good idea, but I don't think we need to lay all cards on the table. For instance we don't need to tell her that we are both madly in love with her already, we could just hint that we could see us both falling in love with her in time if this works out." Remus pointed out."I believe you do have a point Moony." Sirius said with a chuckle and a nod. "Imagine her face if we did tell her like that."Remus snorted "She would probably hex us into next year then never speak to us again." He pointed out. "Now, shall we do this here or at Grimmauld Place? Because I quite honestly don't mind cooking either place." He sidelined, instantly falling into the role of homemaker."Lets do it at my place, she is more comfortable there." Sirius said getting up to send the letter. "Plus Dobby just stocked the kitchen to the brim so we have everything you could ever need.""Right then. Shall we head over then? Anything else I need I have at your house already. And it would make more sense for you to use your owl anyway." Remus said holding out his hand to side along apparate the two of them over so he could start cooking while Sirius set the scene.Sirius nodded and took the Remus' hand and whisked them away to Grimmauld place to start preparing for a night that had potential to permanently change both of their lives. "I don't think I've been this nervous since the night I first asked you out." Sirius joked as they landed in the kitchen."You never asked me out. I kissed you first remember?" Remus said laughing as he started bustling around deciding what to make. "Chicken parmesan over spaghetti with red wine? With garlic bread and salad on the side of course.""Sounds delicious, but then again all of your cooking is. Let me go owl her then I will tidy the dining and living." Sirius said grinning. "And you may have kissed me first but I asked you out first." He shot over his shoulder as he took the stairs two at a time."We are not getting into this tonight!" Remus said laughing. "Can you make dessert? I think your tiramisu would go over perfectly." He yelled loud enough to be heard on the next floor.While technically they hadn't dated since school they still stayed together when one or the other was having a rough time or just wanted companionship. Now they were looking more seriously at getting together again. They had been for a couple years in fact. Ever since Hermione had saved Sirius from the Veil two years prior they had both been steadily falling in love with the brilliant young witch as well as quickly rediscovering what they had between them all those years ago.Now she had graduated from Hogwarts and was taking a year off before she started teaching Transfiguration at the school along side both Remus, who was teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts, and Sirius, who was teaching Astronomy. Ever since they found out the witch would be joining them at the school they had been seriously trying to figure out a way to get her to fall for at least one of them, though quite honestly they had been hoping more for a way to make the three of them work because of the existing passion between Remus and Sirius. Now that they had found that way they just had to convince her that it was worth the risk to fall for the two remaining Marauders.
