A/N Hi There! Thanks for reading my first fic! I had an idea and decided to try it out... we'll see how it goes. Let me know your opinions- good or bad- so I know how I'm doing:) This will probably only be a few chapters long, depending on the response. Anyways, thank you and enjoy!*Warning: This chapter contains some swearing and a short scene of physical abuse. Please don't read if you're not comfortable!*Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter.RUNAWAYChapter One"Avada Kedavra!"A flash of green light.The dull thump of Cedric's body hitting the ground.His classmate's lifeless eyes, wide and blank, staring up at him.His own pained cry: "Cedric! NO!"Another yelled curse: "CRUCIO!"Pain, pain, everything pain.His tortured screams.One last curse: "Avada-!"Harry Potter bolted upright in his bed at Number 4 Privet Drive sweating and shaking, his throat raw. He drew his wand from his waistband and looked around frantically for a few seconds before finally realizing where he was. He let out a huge sigh of relief.'Great' Harry thought miserably as he felt around on his nightstand for his glasses, shoving them on his face and swinging his legs over the side of his bed and onto the ground. 'Another bloody nightmare. Will I ever get a decent night's sleep?'The past month had been one of the toughest of Harry's life. Haunted by the events of the Triwizard Tournament in June, his life had taken a drastic turn for the worse. He was scared to sleep because of his horrific nightmares. This, combined with the crushing guilt he felt for leading Cedric to his death, caused him to not be able to sleep for days on end. He had lost his already meager appetite; he ate only enough to keep himself alive, causing his cast-off clothes to hang off him even more than usual. Harry felt weak and tired- his face was gaunt, his eyes dull and haunted. In short, he was a wreck.On top of all that, his uncle's behavior towards him had taken a violent turn, even more so than usual; if Harry put one toe out of line he was guaranteed to have a few nasty bruises on his pale skin the next day. It wasn't anything he couldn't handle- he'd endured worse pain. He was more worried about the bruises being visible when he went back to Hogwarts. Harry didn't like to be noticed or worried about, which was a trait that Mrs. Weasley never failed to scold him for.As if all this wasn't enough, Dumbledore had forbidden any owls to or from Ron, Hermione, Sirius and anyone else as a safety precaution. All forms of communication and comfort were cut off, leaving Harry feeling more alone than ever before. Each day he could feel himself sinking further into depression and desperation, but had no idea what to do or how to get help. He supposed he's just have to deal with it by himself, as usual.Harry really missed talking to his friends, but they weren't really what he needed at the moment. Though he would never admit it, what Harry needed was an adult to help him; to take care of him and talk him through his issues, but not coddle him like Mrs. Weasley would. He needed someone like Sirius.The last time Harry had had any contact with Sirius was the night of the fatal events of the Triwizard Tournament, in the infirmary. Sirius had bid him farewell with a hug and pat on the cheek, but had also discreetly slipped a hastily written note into Harry's hand. Later that night, Harry had opened the note in private. It read:Harry-I'm sorry I have to leave you, but it's necessary. Dumbledore didn't want me to tell you this, but I am anyways, just in case you need me. On the back of this note there is an address written- this is my house. If there's an emergency, send an owl there and I should get it.I love you, kiddo. Stay strong, and I'll see you again soon.-SiriusP.S: It is absolutely crucial that you burn this letter after memorizing the address. Don't leave it lying around, and don't tell anyone else about it!Harry had turned the note over, where it read:Number 12 Grimmauld Place, London, England.It was comforting to know where Sirius was, but slightly useless seeing as he didn't have Hedwig- she was at Ron's place for the summer.Suddenly Harry's door slammed open, interrupting his musings and revealing his purple-faced, whale sized uncle. Peachy.Before Harry even had time to think Vernon stomped towards him, fist raised, and slammed Harry right in the face."YOU IGNORANT TWIT! WHAT'RE YOU PLAYING AT, SCREAMING LIKE THAT, WAKING MY FAMILY UP AT TWO O'CLOCK IN THE BLOODY MORNING! I OUGHT TO FINISH YOU OFF RIGHT NOW, YOU UNGRATEFUL BASTARD!"Harry groaned, recovering from his moment of shock- he must have screamed during his nightmare. He braced himself, ready for another blow- by now he knew that fighting back was useless.However, as the next fist wound up, something new happened. Harry made a split-second decision- he decided that he had had enough of this. That he wasn't going to take it lying down anymore. Pushing his fear aside and ignoring ever instinct he had, Harry stood up, ready to defend himself."Well I'm sorry for disturbing your beauty sleep, Uncle Vernon." Harry sneered. "I know how desperately you need it." Where the hell was this coming from?"WHAT'D YOU JUST SAY TO ME, YOU LITTLE BRAT?" his Uncle screeched. Another fist collided with Harry's jaw, sending him crashing backwards to the floor. His head hit the wall with a sickening crack and he fell onto his hands and knees, dazed. A sharp kick in the ribs followed by another crack brought him back to reality. But Harry had had enough. He couldn't continue with this life. He forced himself to stand up and faced his Uncle, speaking to him in a deadly tone."All my life you've treated me like dirt. Mud on the bottom of your shoes, a nuisance, a waste of your precious space. I used to think that it was my fault; that I wasn't good enough for some reason. But now I know differently. You're a sick, twisted, cowardly bastard, and I'm tired of your shit.""WHY YOU- YOU LITTLE- GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!" Vernon stuttered, pointing to the door."Now that you mention it, I was just on my way out." Harry stated coolly. The rush of adrenaline from standing up to his uncle caused him to momentarily forget his pain as Harry grabbed his pillowcase from under the floorboard and stuffed it into the trunk that he hadn't bothered to unpack. Checking for his wand in his waistband, Harry stormed out of the room, past Vernon who was watching him with beady eyes. He stomped down the stairs, his uncle right behind him. When he got to the bottom Harry saw his aunt and cousin waiting, both glaring at him. They had obviously heard everything. With his hand on the door knob, the fifteen year old turned around to face his sorry excuse for a family.He had so much he wanted to say to them, but no words could truly express the anger and disgust he felt towards the entire family. He looked at each of them right in the eyes, finally resting his murderous glare on his uncle. He opened his mouth, settling on two quiet, simple words:"Fuck you."Then he turned on his heel, flung the door open and stomped out of the house, leaving Number 4 Privet Drive behind for good.
