Save Me!Summary: Beaten and abuse by Vernon, Harry starts to become with drawn and scared! What happens when Sirius and Remus finally get him away from his abusive relatives? Will Harry be to far gone or will he finally know what it's like to have a family? Possible DM/HP towards the middle/end! a/n: A dark story now :( it should get happier as it goes along but we shall never know until it is completed :) I just wanna try this! It could turn out to be a Draco/Harry story I'm not sure! Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter and I never will! But look out for me in the future ;) once I've left college... Well writing will be my life against my job and obvious amount of animals ;) xName: Harry James Potter Age: 13 Home: Number 4 Privet DriveFamily: The Dursley'sStatus: Abused/beaten, and unfairly treated.Harry James Potter was orphaned at the young age of one. It all happened on Halloween... 1981. Thee Dark Wizard of the century was out to kill the Potters. To kill their young and only son. He killed Harry's father James Potter first. The man of twenty one put up a brave fight. Showing the courage he was supposed to have. Showing that he, a mighty Gryffindor... Had the strength to fight. He'd waited for as long as he could, but fighting an armed Wizard with no wand proved difficult. He did his best... He died fighting, for the safety of his wife and his beloved child.Ocne poor James Potter had been delt with... He proceeded up the stairs knowing that's where dear Lily Potter was with that screaming... Crying child. He made everything quick as he moved silently through the house.Lily placed Harry in his cot and looked through the wide bars. Harry's eyes were filled with water making his lovely emerald green eyes sparkle. Lily closed her eyes her own tears falling reaching her fingers into her baby's cot just to have one last touch."Mama loves you Harry so much. We love you so much-"The Dark Lord... Voldemort stood in the door way. He had a twisted smile on his lips, his white skin seeming to glow in the flames burning down the house they were in. His snake eyes shone with a sense of joy."Move girl! MOVE!"Lily refused. She would not let her son die because someone wants power and revenge for being beaten thrice by the same people. NO! She would not leave Harry to be murdered when his life hadn't even started."Not Harry! Please, no, not Harry  I'll do anything!" She pleaded and The Lord Voldemort laughed some high pitched evil laugh looking at the oh so beautiful redhead. He thought it petty to beg and plead. "You stupid girl..." He hissed moving closer to the baby in the cot who was momentarily quiet staring at the man who was almost floating across the room."So foolish. You needn't die like your stupid husband who thought he could defeat me, without magic."Lily's heart stopped. She had to suppress to scream for her now dead husband. She stood still, looked down at Harry but refused to move... Refused to plead and beg. She'd do anything for Harry. Anything."I love you." She whispered so only he could hear. Lord Voldemort was growing bored and tired of watching the sappy, hideous act of love. He raised his wand. Lily in an act of what she'd call love and Voldemort call stupidity she cast herself between them performing powerful magic. Voldemort's curse backfired that night. Lily Potter died in an act to save her son. Harry received a scar, the shape of a lightning bolt... And Voldemort... Disappeared from the Wizarding World. Defeated by a baby the age of one.He then... From that day on became known by everyone as The-Boy-Who-Lived!"You boy! HERE!"Harry now the age of thirteen looked almost unrecognisable. The skin once so soft and even and light was now covered in unnecessary cuts and bruises. His glasses once holding behind them bright and beautiful... Drowned, filled with hate, anger, pain and fear. Luckily the only thing that made him happy wasn't allowed custody of him as he'd just been made a free man."I SAID GET HERE NOW! DO AS I TELL YOU!"Harry sighed and got off his lumpy, dusty bed and walked towards the door. He sighed heavily this time and opened the door. When he was about to take a step forward a massive purple hand grabbed him round the neck."You stupid, ungrateful, HIDEOUS CREATURE! You have chores to do and you sleep in? If you don't finish these by lunch time today boy..." Said his hideous excuse for an uncle... For a caring relative. The mans hands slowly closed round his throat. Harry choked for breath, as his hands flew up to his uncles trying to pry the mans fingers from closing his wind pipe."Do I make myself clear boy?" Hissed Vernon, dropping Harry to the floor like a useless, old newspaper. Harry coughed, and rubbed his throat that became red with the force."Yes Uncle Vernon." He croaked. Vernon huffed and threw down a sheet of paper. Harry picked it up in his hands. The page was blurry, and he felt very light headed. He read the page twice and then lay on the floor. He closed his eyes briefly. He wished Sirius would come and save him... That's all he wanted someone to save him."No! Sirius won't want me... He won't save me... He's just filling my head with lies." He muttered angrily to himself. He cursed himself angrily for even thinking he'd get away from... From this. He thought he'd better start work... He only had about four hours to complete a two page list of chores. He walked back inside his bedroom and changed into... What he had as clothes and got to work.It was for the best...Sirius was pacing round his home. Harry hadn't written to him since yesterday. He was starting to worry, and worry really wasn't a feeling Sirius felt very often. He got all the worry and fear beaten out of him when he was small, young and helpless. This was the first time he felt the pounding that hurt the ribs that protected his lungs that were working to quickly for his liking."Sirius calm down. I'm sure Harry's fine.""Remus are you that stupid? Harry's been telling me everything since I became a free man last year! Those people aren't nice! They-""He'll be fine and Dumbledore will alert us if we are needed to go and find him." Reminded Remus, who pulled the worrying man into the living room. He forced him to sit down. He knew how much Harry meant to Sirius but... He had to be patient. He couldn't force anyone to give him Harry as he could end up right where he'd started: Azkaban."Dumbledore could have given Harry to me... I shouldn't have persuaded James and Lily to change Secret Keepers. I'm so stupid! I'm more afraid than I let on. The only reason I persuaded them to change was because I was afraid to be sought out and tortured. Remus I'm the reason their dead I'm the reason Harry hasn't-""That is enough Sirius! Now you are being stupid! You thought you did the right thing okay? You are not the reason Voldemort found James and Lily! STOP BLAMING YOURSELF!" The Werewolf roared. He was furious and hurt that Sirius would ever think himself responsible for what happened. He wasn't the reason they were dead... And he certainly wasn't the reason Harry didn't have his parents.Sirius flinched for the first time, in all the years he'd know Remus. He had never been afraid and normal relished in the feeling of human contact but now... After Azkaban he didn't like the feeling. He was still getting used to it again. Remus calmed down noticing his friends discomfort."Maybe you should sleep Sirius.""But what if-""I'll stay here. It's only 07:00 in the morning. I won't leave if it makes you feel better?"Sirius smiled warmly and nodded."That would be nice... Thank you Remus.""Don't worry just go and sleep you cranky old man." Teased Remus earning a halfhearted glare and a chuckle. Sirius turned and proceeded up the stairs his thoughts on how scared Harry seemed through his letters."I never know what's going to happen next!"And,"Dudley's using me as a punchbag again."Or,"Sirius can you save me? Please?" Sirius squeezed his eyes shut and growled deeply. He waited until he'd reached his room. He cast a charm that made everything silent on the other side of the door. He cried out in anger, slamming his fists down on dusty desk. He was furious with himself. He looked up and saw the picture of James and himself."I'm so sorry James. Please forgive me? I was so stupid! I swear on my life that I will get Harry and he will live the life he deserves."Harry was slowly running out of time... To do everything. He was panicking and it was almost lunch time. His aunt Petunia was already making it. Harry was nowhere near done completing that list... He wasn't even on the second page yet."You! Have you finished all the chores yet?" Bellowed Vernon. Harry flinched, his body finally feeling the strain of being overworked. He coughed and cleared his throat."No Uncle Vernon."There was silence. Not ever the song birds sang at this moment in time. Even the wind died down. Harry froze, and braised himself for what was to come next. He had a bad feeling it would hurt. He dropped the shovel -stupidly- that had been tightly grasped in his hand. His mind ran blank and then his uncle appeared, his face slowly turning into a sick and twisted smile... Liked he'd seen on Voldemort's seen in his dreams when he murdered his parents."You know what happens when you don't complete them, don't you boy?""Yes Uncle Vernon." Muttered Harry, feeling his heart lurch with every word his fowl uncle spoke. He was dragged inside by his wrist. The fingers closed so bone crushingly tight he felt his body close in on itself just to try and remove the feeling of pain.He was taken into the living area, where Dudley sat watching a silly television program. He did however draw his eyes away when Vernon slapped Harry. Harry clattered to the floor in a heap of bones. He groaned quietly as he tried to lift his body up. He got as far as getting his arms straight when a massive steel cap boot made contact with his stomach, drawing every once of breath out of him. Then a fist collided with the back of his head knocking his glasses to the floor with a smash."Take it like a man! You filthy runt." Growled Vernon, as he slammed his steel cap booted foot down hard on Harry's back making him cry out in pain. He'd never cried out before... But that was to painful to stop it from leaving his lips. He lay on the floor, his eyes closed."You will do well to remember... This happens when you don't do what your told." Hissed Vernon. Harry didn't hear him though. He had a strange beating in his ears, and his head hurt twice as bad and this time it wasn't his scar. His body hurt.When he knew that both Dudley and Vernon were gone he whimpered. He didn't whimper but he couldn't stop himself. He blinked open his eyes and leaned his head back. Even with blurry vision he could see where his glasses were. He reached out... Gasping in pain. He carried on regardless. When his fingers brushed the metal he sighed. He reached his other hand -currently supporting his ribs- back into his pocket where he hoped to Merlin that his wand was still in tact.When he could see he slowly pushed himself to his knees wincing and groaning as he went, his arms supporting his ribs. He had to write to Sirius... He had to escape.Remus was awake reading the paper, wondering if Sirius had even done as he'd asked. He sighed and decided to check up on him. As he walked up the stairs he was starting to think Dumbledore would never tell them if Harry needed them... What if he dies and Dumbledore doesn't tell them? He shook his head a proceeded to the door that had his best friends initials on it. He pushed open the door and saw in place of Sirius... A big black dog, whimpering as it dreamed."Padfoot." He whispered with a smile before closing the door again. He didn't want to disturb his cranky best friend knowing the consequences very well indeed.He went to the kitchen and started fixing himself up some late lunch when an owl came to the window. Remus looked at it."Hedwig?"He dismissed the lunch and opened the window for the slightly frazzled snowy owl. The owl swooped in and landed next to where Remus was preparing lunch. Hedwig dumped the letter, and nicked some bacon swooping back out of the window and into the darkening sky."Harry..." Whispered Remus. He was tempted to open it... But he had no right. It was addressed to Sirius. He was still debating when he heard the door creak open."Good rest?""Had better. What's that?""It's from Harry." Sirius ran quickly over to Remus's side and snatched the letter from the Werewolf's hands resulting in said Werewolf getting many a paper cut."Merlin Sirius!" Hissed Remus shoving his index finger in his mouth feeling the blood drip slowly out of his body and coating his tongue. He watched carefully as Sirius opened the letter quickly and scanned it. Soon the letter was crushed in a tight fist."He's broken Harry's ribs... The foul GIT!" Growled Sirius. Remus looked shocked now that Dumbledore hadn't called them to get him."M-maybe we should go to Dumb-""HE'LL DO NOTHING! We... We will go ourselves.""Sirius you know we can't do that! It's basically breaking and entering!""What?"Remus smacked his left hand onto his forehead and dragged his hand down his face."It's a Muggle thing. You can go to jail for breaking and entering! I know your pissed off but if you get locked up what use is that going to do for Harry?" Snapped Remus grabbing Sirius's arm tightly. Sirius was attempting breaking free from his best friends grasp but found himself unable. His breathing was heavy and the letter was still scrunched in his hand."Fine... We'll go and see Dumbledore.""We can't go now.""What why?""We will leave tomorrow morning... I have to get ready."Sirius then realised how late it was now. Remus resumed his now dinner making and went into the cupboard to find some Wolfsbane Potion. Sirius sighed and nicked a piece of bacon and stormed into the living area."I'll save you Harry..."a/n: Really wanna know whatcha think and wether or not I should make it a Draco/Harry fanfic or not! Hope this was an alright start! Please do tell me whatcha think in a review ;) Thanks :)x ~Hunter~ x 
