There really is nothing quite like being woken up by the sensation of a set of claws digging into your cheek. I let out an exaggerated groan as I opened my eyes to see my obscenely over weight grey tabby cat Barney staring at me icily, having pulled back his paws, waiting for me to get up and give him treats."I'm up, I'm up you fat demon spawn." I grumbled, pushing my curly brown hair from my face, squinting as the light from outside flooded my vision.I shoved Barney off the bed, and slowly began the task of getting untangled from my always welcoming and warm purple blankets. I finally sat up straight, and tiredly looked around my room, feeling slightly out of place. The walls were covered in the same pale yellow wallpaper that was pealing up in the corner by the door as always. I knew that there was something I was supposed to do today, but I couldn't quite remember what it was. It was tugging at the back of my mind incessantly. I looked down at the foot of my bed where my mahogany dresser sat, and observed the moving photos held in place by the same bronzed frames from my aunts flat in the States. The photos all smiled up at me, some waving and others where the miniature me couldn't be bothered to make eye contact with the camera. One perk of being a wizard was that rather than dull still photos, you had moving ones that felt like they were interacting with you.In the first photo was a younger me, standing by my father's first car, hair pulled up in a signature pony tail, a large toothy grin on my face wearing a dark green polo, a knee length brown corduroy skirt and brown mary janes. The photo was black and white, but I could remember the outfit clearly, as it had been a very big day in my life, my first day I, Grace Elizabeth Harrison ever left to go to Hogwarts School of Witch Craft and Wizardry to learn the art of magic.The next photo was me at 12, hair chopped to my shoulders, wearing a lavender turtle neck, denim knee length skirt and black mary janes. I was about the same height, my blue eyes bright with excitement and nervousness. In the next photo I was 13, and I had shot up like a bulb that summer and was tall as the rest of the boys. I wore a turquoise polo, blue jeans, blue sneakers, an a strand of pearls. The next few photos I stayed the same height, in one I showed off my first earring, and in one I had finally blossomed and looked like a girl instead of a feminine boy, as most girls do until puberty.It finally hit me, I was supposed to leave for school today! Thank Merlin I had already packed the week before, but no matter how prepared I was, my nerves would take over until I was at the train station and seated.I slid out of bed, reached into my nightstand for Barneys tuna treats, and dumped a few on the floor so I could get ready without him stalking me. I heard him munching on the ugly pink morsels happily as I rushed over to my vanity and looked in the mirror, blue eyes surrounded by pale skin that refused to tan looked back at me, with bright red lips that were slightly chapped. I plopped down into the matching chair and leaned forward with my elbows on the flat surface, chin in hands. I groaned in exhaustion, regretting staying up to watch Paulie. I quickly ran some product through my curls, knowing that if I didn't they'd poof up and frizz the minute I went outside or engaged in any activity. Looking back in the mirror, I felt satisfied. My hair reached just below my collar bone, and I only had one pimple and it was on the side of my nose. I had a habit of always breaking out whenever anything remotely stressful was happening, but today was a good day it seemed.I changed into a dark green fitted v-neck sweater that hugged my hips that id recently discovered over the summer, blue jeans my mom had picked up for me that were still stiff in the knees, and knee length brown leather riding boots. The color reminded me of chocolate, and I could feel my stomach call out in demand for food. Makeup was not in the cards today as I had packed it all into my suitcase.I took my time walking out of my room and going to the kitchen, it was still fairly early and I didn't want to disturb the downstairs neighbors, seeing as they just brought home a baby a few nights ago. My parents and I lived in a flat in London, it was a modest place but within a block there was a market, a bookstore, and a small caf. It was also one of the few places that allowed you to have pets, so overall I wouldn't trade this place for anything. Except a castle, that would be pretty badass if I do say so myself.I heard my parents in the kitchen talking, and walked in. I smiled at my mother's bickering voice, which was impossible not to smile at, as whenever she got annoyed she used her new York accent. She was a muggle, and grew up in New York city, Queens I believe, and met my father who was a wizard when they both happened to be vacationing in Mexico. I got my hair from my mother, and almost everything else from my father, except for his height. When I had my growth spurt in my third year, we thought I'd be tall like him, but after that year I remained the same height and am just slightly taller than my mother."Good morning Grace, ready for school? If you want, we can always let you stay home and go tomorrow!" my mother exclaimed, receiving an eye roll from me. This was the same thing she said every year, she, as she put it, "couldn't stand to see her baby leave her for so long.""Mom, I'm fine, I'll see you over the holidays, ok?" I said happily, sitting down next to my father and grabbing a pancake off his plate. He glared at me as I folded it up into a triangle and happily devoured it. My mom's pancakes never needed syrup or jelly, she always managed to make them sweet enough as by themselves."There are other pancakes love, did you have to take mine?" He questioned as he rolled up the sleeves of his shirt as he watched the pancake get inhaled. Poor thing never stood a chance."But the platter is so far away! And yours was right here, nice and convenient. You wouldn't want me to strain my wand arm and be defenseless would you?" I pouted, still munching on my breakfast."Anyone ever tell you that you're full of shit?" he said with a grin, grabbing another fluffy pancake from the stack in the middle of the table."You do sir, every single day since I was born." I said, finishing my pancake and reclining in my chair, not even flinching as it squeaked in protest. The set of chipped off white chairs and the accompanying table were older than I was, and I'm pretty sure older than even my parents. I think my Grandmother picked it up at an estate sale in the 40's."Well better hear it from me than from strangers I suppose." He said, returning to his paper and giving up on the conversation that most likely would go no where."Mom, when are you going to take me to the train station?" I asked, feeling slightly more excited to be starting my sixth year of magic school. There was also a part of me curious to see who the new defense against the dark arts teacher would be and if they would last, I had a bet going with a friend that they wouldn't."Well once you manage to get Barney in his cage, we can leave. I have to take your father to an eye appointment." She said, rolling her eyes at her husband who visibly tensed at the thought of seeing a doctor. Luckily my fears were much more rational, like spiders and fish. Neither could be trusted.I groaned at the thought of having to get that damn cat into his cage, every time it got more and more difficult, and I always ended up covered in scratched and cat fur. I was so excited when I got my Hogwarts level and it said I could get a pet, I immediately knew that I wanted a cat. He looked so cute at the store, all bright eyed and innocent, little did I know it was all an act. I could still remember the way he nuzzled my neck when I held him for the first time, and how excited I was that I finally had a pet of my own.I got up from the table and started the hunt for Barney, hoping he would be lounging somewhere and I wouldn't have to fish him out. Luck was on my side, as he was sprawled out on the sofa, cleaning his paws, still in a good mood from snack time. I carefully got the cage from the foyer, and placed it on the ground a few feet from him, hoping he hadn't seen it yet. Which was unlikely since the cream toned plastic crate stood out heavily against the pea soup green carpet my mom had insisted came from a hotel the Beatles stayed at in the sixties."Hey Barney, how's my big fat lump of lard doing today?" I cooed, scratching him behind the ear lovingly, as I positioned myself to grab him. He purred into my hand, and closed his eyes, giving me time to strike, I grabbed him and held him to my chest as I crawled over to his cage as fast as I could, wincing as he dug his nails into my shoulder, hissing at me. I turned him around and tried shoving him into his cage butt first, but the little demon spawn wasn't having it, and chomped down into my wrist."Just get into the cage you obese demon! Damn you to hell!" I shouted as I finally got him in the cage and slammed the door closed, nursing my wounded wrist. I glared at the cat, as he growled back at me. His eyes were glowing and the growling was just too evil to comprehend at the moment."I see you managed to get him in there in record time, good job." My father said, grinning down at me on the floor as I tried to catch my breath."Have fun at the doctor daddy." I muttered darkly, glaring at him form under my lashed.He visibly tensed up again, and stumbled out the flat in a huff, tripping over an umbrella on the way out. I knew I'd forgotten something, I could have sworn that was in my suitcase."Ah shit!" I heard him shout and I smiled in triumph. These little victories gave me reason to live.I quickly grabbed my jacket from the back of the sofa despite not remembering putting it there, and used all my strength to pick up the cage that held the cat demon of London within in, and quickly checked that my wand was in my right boot. Feeling the familiar object within my grasp and knowing id finally be able to use it again made me smile.I took a deep breath and looked around, this was my second to last year at Hogwarts, and after that I was to venture out into the world and find my place in the world. Whether the muggle world or wizarding world I wasn't sure yet, but I had a feeling that this year I might be able to finally figure it out.I lugged the cage outside and down to the car where my parents were waiting for me, my mother snapped my picture, tears in her eyes and quickly got into the drivers seat so I wouldn't see her sniffling.Like my mother, I was a very emotional person, if something upset me, the world would know, if I was sad, everyone in hearing distance would know, but unlike her and more like my father, it took much more effort to make me upset or sad.The drive to the train station was filled with talking and bickering and loudness, my mother and I were both very loud people, my quiet voice was what most people referred to as almost shouting. It was obnoxious, but I'd learned to be comfortable with it. And it helped with my friends, as it was quite a rowdy group of people and if I wasn't loud id probably never get a word in edge wise.I smiled at the thought of being reunited with my school friends, the 'charming' Weasley twins, Katie bell, Angelina, and Hermione and Ginny.When we got to the station, my mother rushed out of the car and enveloped me in a hug, while my father stood their smiling wistfully, ruffling my hair when my mother finally released me from her iron grip."Goodbye mom, bye dad, I'll see you guys over the holidays, please try not to miss me too much." I said with a sly wink, even though I could feel sadness welling up in my chest."Have fun love, and if any schmuck tries anything just owl me and I'll contact their parents!" my mother added, her queens accent kicking in, and hearing the Yiddish that id grown so fond of over the years. That combined with the oddness of hearing her requesting an owl without pausing or stumbling, afraid of sounding "silly"."I'll certainly keep that in mind mom." I said, sharing a smile with my dad at her overprotectiveness that usually got on our nerves. It was appreciated at the moment though, and for a moment I felt a heavy feeling in my chest, knowing I wouldn't hear her concern for quite some time.And with that I headed towards the crowd, carefully maneuvering my cart so I wouldn't hit anyone, Barney still growling angrily from inside, earning wary looks from people we passed. Why couldn't I have gotten a normal cat that just ignored me?I reached platform 9  when I saw a familiar pack of redheads, and two very familiar ones that towered over the rest."Freddy! Georgey!" I exclaimed, rushing over with a big smile on my face as I made my way through the crowds of people."Gracey love, if I didn't know better id swear you had gotten taller." Fred said, giving me a lopsided grin as his hair fell into his eyes."Come off it Fred, I think our little girl is taller this year! Her head reaches my shoulder!" George exclaimed, demonstrating by standing next to me and holding his hand on the top of my head."Bug off you little shits." I exclaimed gruffly, shoving George playfully in the shoulder which was quite an accomplishment considering my head really did reach his shoulder."Aw, we're just messing with you love. No need for that language." Fred countered with a wink as he leaned up against his cart and ran a hand through his hair. Seemingly insignificant motions that sent little shivers up my spine that id grown familiar with over time."Fred, we both know there's no point in that, if Gracey here stopped swearing like a sailor her head might explode." George chimed in with a laugh, winking at me conspiratorially.I laughed along with the twins and couldn't help but feel this year would be different from the rest, whether that was good or bad I would just have to find out.A/N sorry this chapter is so slow, I just wanted to introduce her and get all of the basics out of the way! Next chapter will be out very soon, and will be up sooner if I get reviews! Reviews keep me happy and not put things on hiatus! But yeah, this Is my new story, I have severe writers block with my other one so hopefully this will help. Please enjoy, please review, and please feel free to message me with ideas! I love hearing from you all :3REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW!
