Disclaimer: I do not own these characters. Things would have been different if I had.Summary: The last battle is over, but the war does not seemed to have finished. The school is still divided. There is more to the prophecy that mets the eye.Warning : Slash of male and female characters.I would like to thank my Beta reader Slytherin4harry who did a wonderful job for the first chapters. I would like to ask for anyone wanting to Beta as she is unable to carry on for me.PrologueTwelve Years since it was over, twelve years since the war had ended and the world had gone back to being a lot safer. Harry looked up from his book as he glanced out the window to his family down below; he couldn't help the smile spreading across his face. Since he had learned he would have to die, he'd given up the idea of having a family, and had given up his future life. Placing his quill down he stretched as he looked at today's date, he had decided to write his adventures down. Well actually it had been his Partners Idea, and well he had started realising that it helped to understand some of the things that the other adults had done.He stood from his chair, moving around the small study his other partner had insisted on having, the books flew around quietly before settling down, the family photo's moved in their own actions. Reaching into a wooden draw he pulled out the photo clippings and memories of all the other people that had been around in his adventures. He had written all about his first year and the red stone that had caused so much trouble, but he had made the best friends he could want. His second year and the snake, who's tooth he had on the wall in the hallway in a secure case so that it wouldn't be used as a weapon.The third year of finding out that he still had family out in the world and that his father was a group of troublemakers, he had used diaries from Sirius and Remus as sources for the stories, using the funniest ones in his writing, even including Remus' feelings about being a Werewolf at school. The green eyed man ran his fingers through his shaggy black locks, looking down at the papers that held the tri-wizard tournament, the return his nemesis, and the first death he had seen at his hands.Pushing the top page flat he put the next one on top, the story of how his mind connected to the dark lords, of Luna and nargels, of seeing that his friends stood behind him one hundred percent. He smiled at the memories of being in the room of requirement, of the fun he had teaching, maybe he should take up the defence against darks arts post there, he had been offered it enough times.He pulled back from his thoughts, pulling out the 6th year when the safety of Hogwarts had been broken, death eaters in the Castle, the betrayal of Draco and Snape and the death of one of the greatest men alive. Then finally he lay the 7th book on top of them, he had just finished writing the journey that he and his friends had had, and talking about the deathly hallows. Deals with goblins, flying dragons and fighting the man that had threatened his life since he had been born.The black haired man once more glanced at the seven books that where piled up, thinking that it wasn't over, there wasn't enough there, sighing he reached for his quill, he sat on the old wooden chair pulling some paper in front of him, he frowned as he put his hand to write at the time, unsure where he should start the final part."How's everything going?" Came the smooth voice of one of his partners as they entered holding a red mug of Harry's favourite steaming tea. The green-eyed man smiled brightly gladly receiving the cup and company."Finished the seventh book, how to start the Eighth thou? There is so much to put into it" he signed running his fingers though his messy hair, his partner looked at him and smirked."Start at the beginning" came the reply, followed by a yelp as Harry hit them on the arm."I know that you dope, but where?" he said his voice holding underlying frustration, the other person in the room dropped a kiss on his forehead."Start at the beginning, or maybe the end"Harry sat there confused for a moment as he watched his lover leave the room, the cogs turning in his head before a smile spread across his face, grabbing his quill once more he dipped it into the ink and started to write.The battle had finished, Voldemort's body lay at my feet, the red eyes dull and unseeing as the pale skin became grey, I stumbled looking around the broken castle, mentally checking for my friends, Hermione had captured all the young death-eaters, they where now bound against one of the wall, George Weasley guarding them with a dangerous glint in his blue eyes.I turned back to see Greyback die, Ginny and one of her friends above him, others had various silver pointy objects floating around them, I smiled as Hermione looked at me, her eyes bright with joy and relief as the shout went up."HE'S DEAD, VOLDERMORT IS DEAD!"Those words rang in my head until I realized that it was me that had shouted it, everyone seemed to stop in mid-battle, more Auror's poured into the castle, the death eaters seemed to deflate without their leader, they were once more out of a job and not powerful enough to fight everyone. The Aura's who had been hiding ever since the Minister had been killed rushed forwards disarming as they went.I remember running to Ginny and hugging her, old feelings arose but not I knew that she was safe they weren't focus on her, I turned counting the red heads that I could see, George, Bill, Charley, Arthur and Molly, but I couldn't see Ron or Percy. My heard stopped before it started to race, I couldn't lose one of my best friends and what about Molly, the heart ache of another lost son or two, but the clipped voice of Percy ordering some ministry workers to start the admin and to get it right so death eaters would be detained and no exceptions, came from over in the middle of the crowd, though a smiled crossed my face the ache was still there, I still couldn't see Ron. I started to look for the youngest Weasley boy, my smiled soon started to wear and dropped completely as I saw Neville carrying Luna, my stomach started to sink as she didn't move."Don't worry Harry she fell down some stairs, she's breathing" Neville said breathlessly as he rushed towards the make shift hospital in the great hall."Neville!...havehave you seen Ron?" I asked but he shook his head, once more my heart was in my mouth, I started to run down the halls, almost falling when I saw the Malfoys hugging before they started to help, my senses filled with hate at the sight of them, they were only trying to pretend they hadn't been on Voldemort's side; though I hadn't known that at the time. I couldn't stay there and watch, I went back to my running, stopping at the large spider that was in the corridor frozen, I moved closer and cast a light spell but it didn't move, the large arachnid was dead, slumped against one of the paintings, as I started to walk under neigh it I saw Hagrid's large form, I saw the distress on his large face, the spiders attacking must have been a huge betrayal, his once beloved pets turned against him, he didn't seem to notice me as he hauled one of the smaller spiders outside, I could see the growing pile of bodies out there, but I couldn't stop I needed to find Ron. I turned quickly as I heard a squeal, one of the spiders was hurt, I ran towards it to get it out of the Castle, but as I got closer I could see it was stuck, but there was red sparks appearing above it. Then that familiar voice made me get closer."Gogo. Aaway you bbloody thing" came the small shaking voice that hitched in places as another set of red sparks lit the area up, but the Arachnid didn't move, as I got closer I could see the red head stood with his back to the wall, Wand pointed shakily at the creature, blue eyes impossibly wide. If I didn't know he was petrified of them and the fact that the Spider was a man-eater I would have found it funny, I once more broke into a run, yelling a stunning spell as I came from underneath the hulking body, the long legged creature slumped and landed with a crash."Blimey Harry" came Ron's response as his eyes where still fixed on the still creature, I looked at him, his red hair messed up and over his face, his ropes even more tattered that usual, blood could be seen in various places. I rushed over and hugged him tightly.After a few moments, I pulled back before pulling him towards the great hall, I left Ron with his family, I watched him get swallowed up into the crowd, and smiled for him, before I looked over to the far end of the room, that was where the dead had been lay, slowly I moved over, the cool air around the area hit my face but I couldn't stop staring at the bodies, lay on beds, looking like they were just asleep, some still even had a pink tinge to their cheeks, I moved over to the red head, he still had his beaming smile on his face, like he was having a good dream, I moved away from them, I felt so tired, everything was hitting me. I didn't realise that I had ended up back at the Weasley group, but I soon found that Molly was pushing me down to a bed, after that I don't remember any more of that night.
