A/N- So this is my first Harry Potter fanfic, it's based on Harry Potter and The Order Of The Pheonix. It's a Fred/Hermione story, and based on what would have happened if the Spell didn't work to get their brooms. Enjoy!Disclaimer- If this was mine, I'd be rich. But I'm not.Chapter 1"George," said Fred. "I think we've outgrown full-time education.""Yeah, I've been feeling that way myself." said George lightly."Time to test our talents in the real world, d'you reckon?" asked Fred."Definitely," said George.And before Umbridge could say a word, they raised their wands, and said together:"Accio brooms!"A light chuckle ecoed around the silent room. Fred and George looked around expectantly."Do you really think," giggled Umbridge in an unnearving girly laugh, "That I could be out-smarted by two, pathetic little children?"The twins faces had turned deathly pale, and George had broken out in a sweat. Fred on the other hand, did what he always did when nervous, was rubbing the back of his neck."I put a barrier on all exits in my office. Door, windows, even the fireplace. There's no way your poor excuse of brooms could get out."Fred looked around at her, and gulped. He looked like he was about to say something, but his words got chocked in his throat. Everybody there to witness had took a step forward to get a better view, eager to see what was about to unfold, although all of the Gryffindors, and the majority of Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were shaking with nerves for the twins."Miss!" Suddenly called out a voice. Fred and George both looked around for the quiet, undeniably feminine and familiar voice. Hermione Granger had took a step into the center of the circle surrounding the twins and Umbridge. "Miss," She repeated "If there's a barrier, then how can people get in and out?"Umbridge had swung round to face the worried, pale-faced girl. "Uh, and there I was thinking you were actually quite smart. Despite your ability to be a menace. It allows people to pass through. How else will people be able to enter and exit my office for punishment? Like how you will be on Friday evening. Detention Miss Granger."Hermione stepped back, hidding herself in the crowd, tears evident in her eyes."Headmistress!" This voice was eager, and came from Filch's mouth. "Can I do it now? I have the whips! Please, Headmistress?!""No, I don't think so." Umbridge had a fakely sweet smile on her face, one that if you didn't know the evil woman, would give the illusion that she was in a perfectly happy mood, discussing the weather, perhaps, not the possible whipping of two teenage boys. "No, not every students here. I mean, a whipping of two of the most troublesome pupils would really drill in the seriousness of their actions. I think tonight shall be fine. In the Great Hall. Yes, that will be sufficiant. Right after dinner." Umbridge was practically mumbling to herself, then to Filch, as if some devious plan was going through her mind."But-but Headmistress! What if they were to escape?" Filch's face was crest-fallen, and his voice was filled with dissapointment, that mirrored the expression on most of the Slytherin's faces."Oh, they won't. Trust me. Not unless they want their punishment to double, and occur every night for the rest of the term."These words caused both twins to start shaking, and grasp each other in fear."Am I understood?" Umbridge asked, her eyes iciy. "Well am I?!" She snapped, making the boys nod their heads, and several of the younger pupils to jump in fear."Very well. You will now all be escourted to your Common Rooms by the prefects. Except from Gryffindor. I think I shall take them to the Fat Lady myself. Go! Now!" Everybody quickly scappered, following each other in a mad rush to escape Umbridge's glare."Right! Gryffindor! Follow me!" The journey to the tower seemed to take twice as long as usual. Everybody was silent, reeling at what just happened. Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione walked in a row together, not daring to whisper a word to one another, trying not to risk punishment, or more detention in Hermione's case.When they reached the picture of the Fat Lady, that gaurded the Common Room, and Umbridge had spat out the pass word (Major Purtunia) many people ran up to their dorms. If you listened closely to the girls staircase, you'd be able to her the slight sniffles and sighs of most of the girls. The twins were quite wanted amongst the girls of the four houses, even some of the members of Slytherin, and it was predicted that was just occured would have broken most of their hearts. Very few dwindled around the Common Room, those including Harry, Ron, Hermione, George, Fred, Neville, Ginny, Dean, Seamus, Lavender and Parvati. The latter four were only there to listen in on the conversation, to be aware of the exact details behind what had happened. The others, though, needed to fully discuss what had just happened."Well," Mumbled Fred, before collapsing into a sofa, George shortly following."Fred! George!" Called out Ginny, tears spilling down her face."It's ok. We haven't fainted." Said Fred."Not yet, at least." Said George."How can you joke about something like that?" Murmed Neville. He himself looked close to fainting. Judging by Neville's past concerning his parents torture, any form of pain must bring back terrible memories."Easy. Gotta stay optimistic," started Fred."'Cos if we get depressed,""Then she wins.""And we can't have that,"Can we?" They ended together. Lavender and Pavarti giggled, and Lavender sat up on her knees from the floor where she was sitting. She started stroking the first twin's arm that she could reach (Georges) only for him to pull it away in shock. "Your both so brave!" Pavarti squealed, batting her eyelashes."Right," Hermione said, looking at the girls in disbelief. She sat on the arm of the chair next to Fred, and Ginny did the same next to George. Neville stayed standing, but Ron and Harry sank into plush armchairs. Dean and Seamus were sitting on the floor, next to Lavender and Pavarti. They sub-conciously had made a semi-circle around the twins, waiting patiently for them to tell their story."So..." started Harry, after an uncomfortable amount of silence. "You gonna tell us what happened?""Well, first, we might wanna get Lee." The second George had said these words, Dean was bounding up the stairs to the twins dorm. Within seconds, he had returned with Lee trailing after him. One glance at him, and you could see his eyes were rimmed red. It took everyone aback to see he had been crying. They'd never seen him - or any sign that he had been- crying before."I guess, since there's no escape, we have to sort stuff out about the shop." He said, sitting on the arm of the chair next to Harry."Yeah, we'll have to owl the Landlord, ask if there's a way we can push our moving in later." said Fred."It's gonna cause problems, but we have no choice." added George."Shop?!" asked Ron, a tone of mixture and excitment."Yep. It's official now. We three are the proud owners of Weasleys Wizarding Weezes down Diagon Alley.""We were going to fly off, and get it up and running.""No chance of that now, eh?" George said, his eyes filled with disappointment."Oh Fred, George," said Hermione, sympathetically. She knew how much they wanted to own a joke shop, and their dream was so close to becoming a reality. "I'm so sorry for you guys.""Oh, don't say sorry! In fact-" Fred said."We should be saying sorry to you!""And thanking you!""You wonderful-""Beautiful-""Amazing thing!" They finished together, alternating their lines. Hermione couldn't help but blush when Fred said she was beautiful especially. She had always found herself to be quite plain, no where near a beauty, although ever since her teeth had been altered, something her parents had refused to do despite being dentists, she was further away from the line of ugly, and closer to being average. Plus a compliment from one of the most lusted after boys in the school, it was an utter privalige. Before she could continue with her thoughts on her appearance though, Fred and pulled her of the arm of the couch onto his lap, and had enveloped her into a hug, only to be lifted from him, and placed onto George to recieve the same treatment."Merlin! Boys I only pointed out an educated statement!" She slid of Georges lap onto the floor, and squeezed herself between Lavender and Seamus. Pavarti and Lavender were ogling at her, as if she's polyjuiced herself into a cat again! "Guys..." She whispered."You did it in our defence!""And that makes you the best person in the world!"Fred said the last line, and while George turned his head to Ginny to reassure her that 'It was only a whipping, and we'd get a lot worse from mum when she finds out!' Fred kept his gaze on Hermione. It was unnearving, and she turned to meet his blue eyes with her brown ones, only for him to look away.Very strange... She thought.A/N- Read and Review! Opinions are very welcome, along with ideas!
