Do you ever feel like letting go? Do you ever feel like giving up? Do you ever feel like closing your eyes, forever? I have held on for eighteen years, I need to let go. I need to give up on something in my life. I need to just close my eyes. I am finally done. No more fighting. No more hate. I need to breathe. I need to breathe! I need to BREATHE! I NEED TO BREATHE!"Hermione! Wake up are. You ok?" The understanding voice of my friend Harry Potter ran through my tired ears."Yes Harry, I am just fine" My voice sounded so unsure, so unlike my normal sure headed voice' "I'm just a little tired, that's all." Tired of living."O.k. but just so you know Ron is waiting for you." I was pretty sure Harry had told me this for the sole purpose of cheering me up. Both of us could see Ron waiting outside my small apartment above flourish and from my living room you could see who was at the door. I didn't care though, not anymore. Maybe before the war, when I was bookworm Hermione Granger, not war hero Hermione. I might have jumped around giddily if Ron was at my doorstep three years ago. But not today."Ok Harry, let's go meet up with Ron, I am so excited to go back to Hogwarts." That was true. Hogwarts was my home, it had been for the past six years not counting last year.I truly was excited to get back on track with my life. I wanted to stay up late working. I needed to be busy. I couldn't pretend that I wasn't happy that Professor McGonagall had decided it would be improper to have the eighteen year olds who had been 7th years during the war be allowed to go out into the wizarding world without their full education. I was glad that students absolutely had to go this year, I didn't know why we did HAVE to go, but I was glad.As soon as my joy for finally being in the safe grounds of Hogwarts disappeared the same slow gloominess filled me again and I was brought into another daydream."Hermione, come one, lets leave," Harry's voice cut in, again, "The train is leaving soon, and I have a funny feeling this will be a strange year."
