Author's note: Please read, it's important. This story is going to be a little odd for a holiday fic. I've looked at some of them on the sight and found most of them to be pairing fics. This is not a pairing fic, in fact, I doubt there will be many pairings hinted at at all in this story. This will be Snape centric, and will introduce the idea he may not be entirely human. If you do not like, don't read. This will be as close to the cannon as possible. Please R&R;, and let me know what you think.I am posting this now in honour of Snape's birthday. Please R&R; and no flames._"All of the inner members of the Order will be staying here for the Christmas holidays," Albus Dumbledore announced.Severus Snape froze, and glared at the Headmaster of Hogwarts. He kept his face in a controlled expression when the room exploded in a flurry of protests and arguing. Severus sighed, but didn't say anything.Albus watched as everyone tried to speak all at once. He raised his hand for silence, and immediately everyone silenced and looked at him expectantly, "There is no reason we cannot talk about this like adults. Now why can't people do this?""Albus, what about Dolores? We cannot leave her at Hogwarts all alone," Minerva McGonagall, the deputy headmistress of Hogwarts, spoke up.Severus nodded, "Yes, we cannot leave her there.""I'm sure Pomona and Filius can take care of things for the holidays," Dumbledore peered at the two staff members over his half moon spectacles."Albus, she does not trust us now, if we disappear for the holidays, she may-" Severus started."Severus," Dumbledore's tone allowed no argument, "Hogwarts will be fine."Severus scowled, but said nothing, "Now, are there any more objections?" Dumbledore continued."What about our families?" Minerva asked, "All of the order members have family they would like to spend time with-""Minerva, you know not everyone here has family.""Most of us do, Albus.""This is important, it will help us build relationships with each other that may help with the war effort. Now, everyone here will come, unless I am mistaken, there are enough rooms for everyone.""There is, the children will have to bunk together, and it will be a little crowded, but it should work," Sirius Black spoke up, "I don't like this, but I have to admit, this will be nice."Severus sighed. Clearly, everyone has forgotten that this includes me."Severus, is there any potions that you need to brew?" Albus asked cheerfully."Yes.""Bring the ingredients you need, then. I believe we can set something up here."Sirius groaned, "Why does he have to bring all of his potions stuff here?""I need to replenish the infirmary's stock of potions, as well as my own. I also may need to brew something for the Dark Lord, and whatever the Headmaster wishes me to brew for the Order.""Why can't you do this during the school year?""Because, Black, contrary to popular belief I do sleep," Severus glared, "If it were possible for me to do everything during the year, I would."Sirius snorted, but said nothing."Now, if this is all settled, I wish you goodnight, and I shall see you all on Friday night."Severus left as soon as he was able, but instead of apparating, stood outside in the cool, snowy air. Digging into his pockets, he pulled out his muggle cigarettes and lit one with his wand, Inhaling deeply, he looked around at the falling snow and quiet and wished he could stand out there in the dark and quiet, but shook his head, finished his cigarette and apparated back to Hogwarts.He made his way down into his dungeons, and entered his rooms. Unsurprisingly, Dumbledore was there, "Is there anything you need Headmaster?" Severus asked, slipping off his cloak and hanging it near the empty fireplace."Yes, my boy. The Wizengamot has decided that the holiday will be extended for a week," Dumbledore's eyes were sparkling much more than usual."Why, may I ask?""Officially, the plumbing of Hogwarts needs redoing, and we're giving the workers an extra week to get most of it done.""Unofficially?" Severus asked carefully."The Wizengamot has decided dark times are coming, but are afraid to give up their positions. They want families to spend a little more time with each other this year. I will send out a notice tomorrow.""Of course, Headmaster," Severus paused, "Thank you for letting me know ahead of time."Dumbledore smiled, "I know better than to surprise you, my boy. Especially now.""It is appreciated, nonetheless.""I know. Good night, Severus. Try not to stay up too late," With that, the headmaster left, sweeping the door shut behind him.Severus sighed, at least this holiday isn't going to be a boring one. 
