*All rights of the characters go to J.K Rowling. *"Get your filthy hands off me!" she screamed, but the two death eaters who had her in their grasped showed no mercy. Tightening their grip they continued to pull her further down the dimly lit corridor. A large metal door slowly came into view. The death eater she knew by the name of Darkmore pushed her up against the cold stone wall. She could feel his warm breath upon her neck."Such a beautiful girl" he whispered into her ear.One hand began to slowly caress her hair, his other carefully moving down her body. Squirming under his weight she was powerless."Oh am I making you uncomfortable?" he whispered once more but this time the poison was all to clear in his voice. His hand continued to slide its way around her slim figure."Darkmore! what do you think your playing at?!" shouted the second death eater who Hermione had nearly forgotten was with them.Darkmore's hand stopped sharply on the top of the waste line of her trousers."You're lucky this time mudblood" he spat viciously.Darkmore shoved her on to the floor with such force that Hermione's cheek caught the uneven edge of the wall. Blood began to drip down her face. Trying to make herself feel invisible Hermione pulled her legs close to her chest and tucked her head into her knee's."Darkmore you know what'll happen if the Dark Lord or any of his inner circle catch you leave the girl for now" continued the second death eater."Yes Darkmore do you recall the Dark Lords orders?" spoke an all to familiar voice.The sudden silence that had fallen over the two death eaters meant only one person could have joined them. Hermione had known that deep rich voice to have frightened many over the years but hearing his voice alone was by no means enough proof it was him. Slowly lifting her head from her knee's she turned it to the direction she had heard him speak. There he was standing so confidently before them, but it was clear he had not noticed who she was as he continued his rant."Darkmore I asked you a question?""um.. um the Dark Lord..." began Darkmore to only be cut off almost instantly."I don't remember the Dark Lord stammering when instructing you, now begin once more". The authority in his voice was prominent."The D-dark Lord told us not to fraternize with the prisoners until they had been properly interrogated"Hermione watched as he rolled his eyes, it was clear he was getting impatient."I believe his exact words were to deliver any prisoner to the interrogation room untouched until either himself or any of his inner circle instructed you otherwise. Now are we clear Darkmore?"Staring at Darkmore she saw nothing more than a scared school boy, Hermione couldn't recall exactly how many times she had seen this scene before."Yes" he said timidly."Now place the prisoner in the integration room and move on!" he instructed sternlyDarkmore grabbed Hermione's arm and pulled her forcefully up. Looking over her shoulder she looked deep into his black eyes and for a split seconded Severus Snape's mask dropped.* I thought I would try a different approach to the possible romance of HG and SS.. so please let me know what you think and more will be on it's way :)*
