Why did she keep staring? It was just a compliment or more of a statement. He compliments her all the time so why should this time be any different?STOP STARING! She told herself but yet she couldn't help but wonder why he would do something so nice and sincere. Usually his statements toward her are completely flirtatious or obnoxious.The seventeen year old redhead looked at the blank paper before her and groaned. He was even making her procrastinate with her work! Damn Potter!It's not a big dealIt's like receiving a compliment from you brother. Rare but it means nothing. The annoyingly rational part of her brain practically shouted at her, "You don't have a brother!"Damn head! Damn everything!"Miss Evans, I'd appreciate if you would stop hitting the table. There are students who have been complaining about the noise." Madame Pince hissed at her and she nodded and muttered an apology.He was getting her in trouble without even being there!A deep chuckle disrupted her thoughts from the far corner in the library and she didn't need to turn around to know whom it belonged to. Only one ignorant piece of human flesh would think that Lily Evans losing her sanity is amusing.She turned around anyway and scowled at the source."Think it's funny, do you?" She growled. He raised his hands in surrender."I didn't do anything. Just thought the queen of the library being lectured is such a rare occasion that I felt very honoured to be able to witness it." He grinned at her and she ignored the slight leap her stomach made."Oh! I'm glad you're satisfied," Lily walked closer to him and stopped when she was standing in front of him, "this is your fault." She said and only realized what she accused him of after his grin widened."I'm sorry, Lily but I haven't the slightest idea of what you mean by that." His hazel eyes gleamed with mischief and she couldn't help but feel that he knew exactly what he did."You, this morning" She said quietly as her cheeks grew warm."All I remember was eating my breakfast which was delicious, I might add."Her anger flared again, "You know damn well, what I'm talking about James!"James continued to look at her, the smile still visible on his face.He was enjoying this! That cheeky bastard!"No, Lily, I really don't." He replied calmly."Then why are you smiling at me, huh? Is it because you thought I looked absolutely lovely with my hair down, today? What do you think you're doing?!"James looked at her, bemused. His smile hadn't completely vanished but he still looked astonished by her accusation."You're yelling at me for complimenting you?""Yes!" She shouted and quickly covered her mouth when Madame Pince glared at her. She flushed then turned her attention back to her bespectacled co-Head."Why? Am I not allowed to?" He asked with genuine confusion."No! I mean, yes! But only when you don't mean it." She said quickly and if she was truly honest with herself, she had no idea what she was saying."Okay. Lily, you look like a total troll today. Better?" He added with a smile. Her cheeks reached their maximum heating limit. He was insulting her and yet she still blushes. Damn him!"No! Stop it!""Stop what?!" He asked incredulously."Being so nice and charming! It can be quite misleading, you know!""How so?""It's making me think that you actually meant what you said."His smile vanished completely as he looked up at her. A knot formed in her stomach and guilt washed over her. Had she hurt his feelings?"Well, perhaps Lily, I did." He said seriously and then packed his things and left the library, leaving Lily more confused than ever.[~]Lily left her hair down the rest of the week and was even heard laughing and somewhat flirting with James in the corridors as he escorted her to her classes.Author's Notes: Super Cheesy! I know but I wanted to post something for Lily's birthday :)
