DoomedHarry Potter was nineteen years old the day his first son, James Sirius Potter was born March 27, 2000. James looked just like his father, except the of course the eyes James had hazel eyes.Harry and his newlywed wife never thought much of his eyes, not that they didn't coo over his eyes along with the rest of him when James was first born. The assumed James' eyes were a combination of both their green and brown eyes. They never suspected what they really were. They were windows to his soul, but this baby, James Sirius Potter was not a normal baby, because if anyone had been around since the time of his grandfather they would know. They would know James Sirius Potter was doomed.~Doomed~Jonathan Lupin was seventeen the day his son Remus Lupin was born. Jonathan was just a muggle kid when his child was born. Poor to boot. March 10, 2000 he was stuck in the rain after his bus left school without him and he became an unknowing father to a sweet baby boy with honey blond hair, amber eyes and a big Lupin nose.Juno his girlfriend of twenty-one didn't want the baby and left him at the hospital with a name from mythology and his father's address before leaving the country. Jonathan raised Remus alone as a single father. Remus John Lupin, named after Mythology and family lore in the Lupin's, supposedly Jonathan's grandfathers brother John Lupin was a wizard but he disappeared when he was seventeen years and years ago, was a smart inquisitive boy. Very perceptive always worried for some reason or other about his friends. He took after neither his runaway mother nor his tired weary single father, probably because he too like James Sirius Potter was Doomed.~Doomed~Sirius Orion Black was always an odd child. Appearing on the orphanage's door steps on rainy morning in November of 1999, with nothing more than a blanket with his name and birth date on it. November 18, 1999 just a few days previous.He was an odd child knowledgeable about things he should know about like the Beetles biggest hits and how to build a motorcycle. He came up with the wildest stories about werewolves and wizards. The operator of the orphanage smiled at the charming boy a wondered why he never found a home. He was certainly a looker with a charm that everyone loved and a wild imagination too. An ideal child, with a wild and crazy look in his eyes. His eyes, if you looked to closely you could see the years he had not lived reflected back at you and you would know he was doomed.~Doomed~Lily Violet Evans was a pretty baby. Red tuffs of hair and green intelligent eyes staring out of her perceptive pale porcelain face. Her parents moved to England from America a few years after she was born on January 30, 2000. She lived on a mainly suburban street, Privet Drive. She grew up playing outside while her mother wrote book of flowers and her father experimented with biology.Lily was very good in the garden having never been taught and she had one baby doll a little boy with messy black hair she called Harry. One day while Lily was enjoying the swing set on her street, an old sour-faced looking women in house number four stared at her with a horrified look before realizing what Lily was. Lily Evans was doomed.Authors note: I'm going to try and not put a ton of long authors notes, but I need to get house keeping stuff out of the way. This is a squeal and partial companion to Open doors, which I suggest you read first,(Seven chapters and completed) There is also the side story's which you can check out on my profile. If you haven't read either of those then you should know that Teddy is about two years older than James in this. This is both new Gen and Marauders era. New Gen because it's James Sirius Potter who is the main voice in the story, but it will feel like a Marauder cast muggle AU. Its dialogue heavy at times as well, just a heads up if that bothers you.Also hey look I abandoned this because I felt like no one cared at all and I was in a bad place emotionally. I'm not begging for a in depth review, just a smile-y face saying you like it. Artist's get lonely and discouraged and abandon their work if they feel like it doesn't matter in the slightest. If you liked it or want a new chapter smiles are nice (This goes for ALL CHAPTERS), if this was AO3 I'd ask for kudo's. 
