A/N: I didn't think the first chapter was very exciting, so instead, I've written a prologue. Thanks to aleandriamiller for following!Please review!Hermione was nearly home after a year of having to put up with girls pointing and giggling at her bushy brown hair and her new two front teeth that didn't seem to have stopped growing yet. She still hadn't forgiven her parents for sending her to Redhurst Boarding School for her first school year, but she was very glad that she wasn't being made to go back again next year. She had hated every minute of it, even if she had excelled in all her classes, because all her fellow students had done was tease her relentlessly for being such a goody-two-shoes.But now, she had something to look forward to. In a few minutes, she would be meeting her baby sister for the very first time. After waiting for four months since first hearing the news, there was no way she could hide her excitement, asking her father everything she could think of about her sister."But, Daddy, what happens if she doesn't like me?" she asked worriedly as Pat Granger talked about how she frowned at people she didn't seem to like."She's a bit young, sweetheart. She will probably only stare at you, that's what she does to most people. The only two she really smiles at is your mother and I. You used to do it too. Your frown was quite scary. But, there's no need to be upset if she does frown. She doesn't really understand yet. It's probably more that she doesn't recognise them, rather than not liking," he explained."Okay, I do hope she likes me though," Hermione replied, feeling a bit better as they turned into their drive."Are you ready?" Pat asked his daughter as he slotted the key into the lock of the front door. Hermione nodded, swallowing her nerves as the lock clicked. This was the moment she'd been waiting for.She quickly pulled off her shoes and put them away neatly before looking around at the home she hadn't been to for the last ten months. Nothing had changed. The walls were still white and decorated with pictures of her and her parents, the staircase was still pristine and the big clock on the wall still ticked loudly. It even smelt the same. It smelt of home.She waited while her father took his boots off before walking anxiously into the lounge behind him, still a bit concerned what to do if her sister didn't like her.However, when she saw her mother sitting on the couch and holding a little person dressed all in pink, all nerves were forgotten and she ran over before jumping to sit next to Jean on the sofa and throwing her arms around her neck."Mummy!""Hey, we missed you, sweetie," Jean said, turning and kissing her daughter on the cheek. Hermione's face fell a bit as she remembered school."Me too, the other people weren't very nice to me. I wanted to come home, Mummy. They said I looked like a rabbit because of my teeth and they pulled my hair.""Oh, I know, honey. We did read your letters and I'm so sorry we had to send you away. If we'd had a choice, we would have kept you here. We'll talk about it later, yes? We'll sort it out when Daddy's looking after this little one."Hermione nodded, brightening up again. This wasn't the time to talk about school. "Is this her?" She looked down, but all she could see was the sweet, little baby-grow, with the fluffy hood and little piggy ears on top. "Can I see?""Yes, of course." She looked down. "Oh dear, it seems she's gone into hiding," Jean laughed, seeing that the hood had slipped down. She moved to push it back and shuffled across slightly to show her eldest the chubby baby nestled in her arms.Hermione looked down eagerly, her face beaming with joy as she took in the sight of her younger sister. Her smile grew even bigger as the baby's strikingly dark eyes flickered up, looking curiously at her, before her little mouth turned up into a small smile and she started gurgling and fidgeting."It seems she likes you," Jean smiled, noticing her daughter's relief. "Do you want to hold her?""Yes please!" she cried."Well, you have to be gentle. Now, sit up straight." Hermione's face went serious as did as she was told before Jean carefully lowered the baby onto her lap. The bushy haired girl smiled down at her sister."Hello," she whispered. The baby giggled and squirmed, making Hermione giggle too."What's her name, Mummy?" she asked suddenly, surprised at herself that she had forgotten to ask her father the most important question."She's called Ariella. Ariella Granger," Jean replied."I like that name. It's pretty.""Yes, as is Hermione. Now we have two pretty girls in the family," Pat Granger chipped in from behind her, ruffling his daughter's bushy hair.A small cough came from next to Hermione. "Excuse me?" Jean said in mock offence, raising her eyebrows at her husband."Oh yes, of course, I meant three pretty girls," he corrected, giving a cheeky wink to the 5-year-old, who was giggling quietly."Thank you," Jean retorted, but even she couldn't keep the smile away now.However, many miles away, a woman , a witch, was not as happy. With her arms huddled around her, she let a few tears escape as she sat, shivering in the cold, thinking about the little girl who had been taken away from her four months ago.
