Sweet baby Voldemort. Severus Snape stared in horror at the pink monstrosity stood before him. This was Dumbledore's choice of a Defence Against Dark Arts professor? He forced his Occlumency shields back into place and fought to keep his disgust from showing on his face. He couldn't hide his sneer, however, and his colleagues seemed to be having a similar problem. Minerva's expression of deep disdain was amusingly cat-like and Pomona's eyebrows were skyscraper high..Meanwhile, Albus looked like he was sucking on a lemon- the fruit, not the sherbet variety. Severus shivered as he realised the implications of that look. Holding back rising vomit, he forced himself to wordlessly perform Legilimency, smirking slightly at... Dolores' lack of response. Her Occlumency barriers were so poor, she was completely unaware of him rifling through her memories..Umbridge continued to drone on as Severus pondered over what he had seen. So the Ministry had decided to interfere at Hogwarts, had it? How... expected, he sneered. How Fudge could be so dense Severus had no idea, but one thing was certain- it he kept ignoring facts, they were fucked."Hem, hem."Hermione Granger's jaw almost scraped the floor. This woman could not be real. Around her, students sniggered and tittered. Hermione felt inclined to join them (that cardigan was pretty horrible)- but then Umbridge opened her mouth. Hermione's eyes flicked to Dumbledore, who couldn't have looked more interested, and then to the rest of his staff, who weren't even pretending to care what the Toad had to say. McGonagall's lips were thinner than Hermione had ever seen them and Snape- Snape was wearing his most terrifying expression, the one that reduced seventh year Hufflepuffs to tears. Hermione felt her lips quirk but forced herself to listen to Umbridge's words..Well. Hermione felt a grimace contort her face even as she clapped, and turned to face her friends slowly. "Well, that was illuminating."Ron offered up a look of absolute horror, expression returning to his glazed eyes. "You're not telling me you enjoyed it?""I said illuminating, not enjoyable," Hermione snapped irritably. "It explained a lot."Harry stared at her, surprised. "Did it? Sounded like a load of waffle to me."Hermione pursed her lips. "There was some important stuff hidden in the waffle," she said shortly. "Like how the Ministry's interfering at Hogwarts."Severus felt a bubble of laughter rise up at the absolute loathing the Hogwarts students were directing at Umbridge. Seems like I'm not the most hated Professor here anymore. His humour faded abruptly, though, as the Toad happened her mouth. Oh, fuck..He swept his gaze across the hall, unsurprised to see that most of the students were chatting amongst themselves. Only three students were listening- Pansy Parkinson and Ernie Macmillan, though their glazed expressions hinted that the sinister message in the Toad's words was passing over their heads, and -of course- Granger..Once again, Hermione Granger was proving she truly was the brightest witch of her age, for she was frowning at Umbridge with immense hatred and disgust, her eyes narrowed in understanding. Thank Merlin, Potter had at least one intelligent ally..He watched carefully as Granger turned towards the boy in question and began hissing angry words to him and Weasley. The boys looked vaguely horrified one moment at something she'd said, and then dawning comprehension. Potter's expression grew serious and he stared up at the high table, glancing at Dumbledore and Umbridge. Smart girl, she'd told him what the Headmaster wouldn't. Information that'd get him through the year."The Daily Prophet says Potter-" Lavender Brown stared in horror and shut up abruptly as said boy's best friend strode into the girls' dorm, magic crackling like static electricity in the air around her.Hermione threw herself onto her bed and flung the blonde a glare. "Keep your fat mouth shut, Lavender, unless you want bitch hexed permanently across your face," she snarled, drawing her wand dangerously and directing it towards the girl's heavily made up face.Parvati glanced up, startled, at Hermione's words, having been paying no attention at all to her best friend's rant about Harry Potter and Albus Dumbledore's lies. She watched on in amusement as Lavender blanched and stuttered a false apology, before returning to Teen Witch magazine. It was far better than contemplating whether You-Know-Who really had returned..Hermione, meanwhile, stalked into the en suite bathroom with a change of clothes."I'm getting a shower."She needed to reflect on the day's events. It had been one helluva first day back to school.Severus had barely reached his quarters when his arm began to burn. He glared at his black tattoo, wishing to Merlin that he could tell his Lordship where to shove his Death Eater meetings.What a bloody perfect ending to a bloody awful day.
