I have begun to update this story chapter by chapter. The newest updates are the chapter with names, and chapter ten is the one written the latest.November 1, 1981 - 1:27 am"JAMES!" A voice screamed, shattering the peaceful night. This caused James Potter to shoot upright in his bed, searching wildly for his wife. His hand brushed her sleeping form, and he let out a sigh of relief. The tiny house in Godric's Hollow was quiet. James rubbed his eyes, muttering to himself about hearing things. He started to settle back down to a tense sleeping position. This was not the time to relax. Suddenly, a yell echoed outside distinctly calling his wife's name. "LILY!" James shot upright. Lily jumped awake at his soft shake, and the pair sat quietly on the bed. They listened closely and heard a motorcycle rumble outside. Someone began pounding on the front door. The couple was out of their bed in an instant. James sprinted out into the hallway and cast a spell that would hide his son's nursery door from view once he closed it. He snuck in and took one last look at his sleeping baby. Lily came up behind him, wrapped in a flowered colored robe. She leaned over and kissed the infant's forehead. The pounding downstairs grew louder. The two backed out of the room, and James closed the door. It disappeared, blending into the wall. Lily patted James' arm with a shaking hand and gently kissed the wall where the door had been moments ago."I love you, Harry." She whispered softly. James let out a deep breath and took her hand in his. We're doing the best thing, he thought. For Harry to have the best chance he can have. Together, they went silently down the stairs. The pounding on the door had not ceased. Lily's heart was pounding with the same rhythm. Halfway down the staircase, James paused."Wait here." He said. Lily nodded and pulled him into a quick, but passionate kiss. James continued down the rest of the stairs by himself. Lily realized just a moment too late what he was about to do and cried out for him to watch out. James stepped loudly on the creaky floorboard. He froze, and so did the pounding on the door."For Merlin's sake, Prongs! I know you're in there. Let me in!" A tired voice called in. James ripped open the door, revealing a bedraggled Sirius Black. His clothes were dirtier than usual, and he looked like he had barely gotten any sleep. James wasn't going to take any chances and held his wand up against Black's throat."What did I give Albus Dumbledore to protect?" He asked, knowing that Sirius had been the only one there other than Dumbledore. Sirius sighed weakly."Your invisibility cloak. Can I come in now? It's freezing." Sirius said with a shiver. James swiftly pulled Sirius into a brotherly hug and led him inside. Lily rushed down the stairs and into Sirius' arms, hugging him tight. After a swift check of the street, she closed the door. James switched on a lamp, and Lily went to make some warm coffee. A few minutes later, she was handing out the hot cups."What's happened, Padfoot? You wouldn't be on my doorstep this early in the morning for tea." James asked as Lily sat on the couch beside him."We believe that he's gone." Sirius said with a finality. Lily gasped, and James almost dropped his cup."Gone? H-How?" Lily stuttered. Sirius looked at them with suddenly tearful eyes. "Sirius?""We got a call late at the auror headquarters." Sirius started. "Several people were reporting something along the lines of an explosion. We went to investigate, and it was the Longbottoms' safe house. The house was in shambles, but not burning. As we searched the home, we found Frank on the staircase, a suitcase lying open beside him with its contents scattered. We decided on the idea that they had been trying to leave when they were ambushed. I led the group upstairs. The door to the nursery was blasted open, and Alice was found before the crib clutching a small hat.""I can't believe it. Alice and Frank?" Lily sobbed. James put his arm around her."What about their boy, Neville?" He asked."Fine. Pretty much perfect, really. He was left with a small lightning bolt scar on his forehead, but that was all." Lily brushed away her tears."How did he find them?" Sirius' expression went cold."Pettigrew." Both Lily and James gasped."Peter?""He told Bellatrix Lestange that Frank's sister, Gwen, was their secret keeper. She went on to torture her until she caved then killed her. We found her body just before the others. Lestrange was arrested on site.""He's truly gone?" Lily asked, thinking wondering about their son sleeping above them. Sirius nodded, and the room instantly felt lighter. Lily's shoulders felt the same."His wand was found on the floor of the nursery, and his followers have gone into hiding. He's gone!" In a moment of pure happiness, Lily kissed James passionately. "That's gross." Sirius said standing up. The couple paid no attention to him as he grabbed a quilt and laid out on the other couch. The pair was still locked together. He groaned. "Seriously, stop." Lily pushed away from James with a giggle. He pulled her onto his lap, and they snuggled together."We're finally safe. You, me, and little Harry are going to be fine." James said softly."You just might have to add another person to the equation." Lily stated quietly."I can't say anything about Padfoot's safety, Lily. You know how reckless he is on that motorcycle." James joked. Sirius let out a snort, his eyes shut. Lily punched James gently."That's not what I mean." Lily blushed and grinned. "I'm pregnant, James." James' face went blank. Sirius began to laugh at his expression."Geez, Potter. That means she's having a baby." Sirius said slowly. James chucked a pillow at him."I know!" He laughed before turning back to Lily. "Really?" She nodded, and James hugged her close. "Even he or she will be safe. You just wait. They'll grow up on a broom to be amazing at Quidditch like me.""Or they'll focus on her schoolwork and be a good student like me." Lily scolded jokingly."Or they'll be caught snogging all over the school like both of you were!" Sirius laughed, and the couple each threw another pillow in his direction."I'll bet he or she will be just perfect." James said with a smile as he and Lily kissed once more."It's like the broom closet all over again!" Sirius groaned. Soon, Prongs and Padfoot were wrestling as Lily laughed from the couch. Their life would be peaceful, for eleven years at least.That was when their daughter entered Hogwarts for the first time.
