Disclaimer: Any material that could potentially be considered infringement of copyrights and trademarks should be considered the property of their respective creators or owners and you are reading this of your own freewill, so please refrain from doing so if you don't like graphic violence, explicit sexuality, pop culture references, vulgar language, polygamous relationships, random plot twists, character deaths, snakes, arranged marriages, or usage of drugs. Of course, some of those things may not even end up in the story, but I'd rather be better safe than sorry. Also, I tend to give cannon the proverbial finger.Story Notes: This is a work-in-progress plot blurb without a definite direction for the plot as of now, so I'm perfectly open to suggestions. Reviews containing constructive criticism and praise will certainly speed up the updating; flames make my ego spontaneously implode with my muse following close behind, so try and refrain from that if you can. I'm writing this to flex my creative side and refine my writing, so don't be surprised if entire chapters get completely changed after they're initially uploaded. There are many clichs and stereotypes in Harry Potter fanfiction because it's been around for so long; I try for originality in my own way, and will likely give a shout-out to whatever other story gave me a basic idea or concept, though I've been reading for a long time and will likely forget where something came from. (Look through my favorites and add up the total word count...)Lily Potter was renowned as a prodigy when it came to potions. In fact, it was the tiny tips she gave Severus over the years that allowed him to become a Potions Master. And now, she was taking notes on a never-before-seen experiment. She'd wanted to find out what the effects of potion use in pregnant women had on their children during prenatal development, and she was the subject of her research. While there wouldn't be any way to have multiple trials in this experiment without adding innumerable extraneous variables into the equation, she couldn't help but think that somehow her efforts had benefited her child.So, she began taking potions that increase strength, perception, endurance, charisma, intellect, agility, and luck every night while she herself was pregnant. To make sure that the effects of her concoctions reached her child, she continuously received miniscule dosages of her draughts. And rather than the temporary yet substantial buffers that these concoctions typically come in, she brewed Everlasting Elixirs, which means that the effects are far less impressive, but they last indefinitely. So her son, Harry, was swimming in a soup of augmenting chemicals for nearly nine months straight, until the day he was born.Where most infants would cry, her Harry was silent. Where most babies were unfocused, her Harry's emerald gaze was sharp. The child was only a few months old and already responded to her words as if he could understand her perfectly, and she could've sworn she saw him reading the titles of books on their bookshelves. While she felt that she might be slightly biased towards these beliefs, there was no mistaking the accelerated rate that her son was developing at. Most people would call her crazy for believing such things. But then again, most people hadn't come across the craziness of the magical world.The beautiful redhead scowled slightly in annoyance. This little experiment was how she was supposed to be deemed worthy of the Potter name, according to her snobbish In-Laws. They were testing her skills in research and experimenting, two of the greatest assets of the aristocracy, because those were two of the most sought after abilities that Most Ancient Houses looked for; there was a stigma that came along with being a member of a Most Ancient and Noble House, and they only accepted the most gifted people into their exclusive families.The more powerful families even have sections of the economy cordoned off as their territory, forming legal monopolies due to their political influence; they hold high ranking seats in the Upper Court of the Wizengamot and Hogwarts Board of Government, own major portions of Gringotts and Azkaban stock, and occupy the most influential offices of the Ministry. These bourgeoisie dynasties stretched back almost a thousand years, around the time the dichotomy of the magical and mundane worlds began. These plutocratic social tendencies were stagnating the Magical World, keeping many mindsets mired in the governmental styles of the Medieval Era.There was an unofficial arms race amongst the members of the upper echelons of society, specifically involving actual magical ability. Thus, the Lords and Ladies that headed their Most Ancient and Noble Houses absolutely had to push the boundaries of their craft as far as they could go, no matter the cost. Anything to bring more power or prestige to the family was welcome to experimentation, which is similar to how the Department of Mysteries was ran in the dark bowels of the Ministry's headquarters. This style of innovation and invention, of reaching towards the proverbial stars with reckless abandon, is how a disturbing number of dark lords started out in the beginnings of their inhumane conquests.Lily personally didn't care about the political, social, and economic privileges that were heaped upon the Old Families; all she cared about was that she loved James and she loved Harry. They were the only two people in her life that mattered anymore, what with the deaths of her parents via a horrific car crash and the subsequent estrangement of her sister. Hell, she didn't even hang out with her old friends from school anymore.She huffed irately as she downed the last few drops of her wine and crawled sleepily into bed with her husband. At the moment they were hidden away from the rest of the magical world, safely ensconced in the quiet life of Godric's Hollow. Their little cottage was protected by a powerful charm, the Fidelius, cast by the strongest sorcerer in Britain, Dumbledore. Even then, they decided to add even more protections over Harry, just in case.In fact, they just finished setting up their greatest defense against Voldemort, and the energy expenditure was a bit more than they were expecting. And even James, the current heir to the Most Ancient and Noble House of Potter, used up his considerable reserves in setting up their little stunt. They knew that they would have to perform a tantric ritual even to pull together the most fundamental aspects of this ultimate defense, which was difficult because arousal tended to be difficult in the presence of one's own child.Combining the geometric shapes of Celtic sacrificial rituals with the inherent power of Sumerian runic sequences and flexible versatility of Nordic runic symbols was arguably the most difficult feat one could accomplish with modern arithmancy and ancient runes, but it was also one of the greatest forms of defense available to them at the moment.Between Lily's knowledge and James's raw power, they succeeded in forming the foundation of a customized defensive enchantment localized on their son. The creation and implementation of wards were some of the most complicated and powerful forms of topographical spellcasting that European wizards had ever come across, and even then most people wouldn't dare to even contemplate placing something so powerful on a living, sentient being.But, using genetic material for reagents and the energy of quantified love as a catalyst made this conceptual barrier much easier to anchor onto their child. The fact that it resulted in an innate bounded field residing within their son's body as a dormant feature was an accident, although a lucky one. It would take two more sessions, a total of three altogether, for the shield to be fully actualized, but they were more than willing to do so for the safety of their child._A small cottage sat near the edge of the village. The Heir of Slytherin walked quietly through Godric's Hollow, going over the final preparations in his head. This was to be his sixth horcrux, the one that split his soul into seven perfect pieces. And he would also be killing his prophesied vanquisher, the only one who could possibly defeat him. The Potter child perfectly fit the description in the prophesy: he was born towards the end of July and his parents had defied Voldemort three times. After he was finished with Harry Potter, nobody would stand a chance at defeating the Dark Lord.There was something poetic about extinguishing the life of his greatest enemy and using that sacrifice to turn himself immortal.There were other paths to immortality than horcruxes of course, as there were many other devices in the world that had similar phylactery-esque functions, and he would pursue them after he was done with his current pursuit, but this was the easiest route for him to take at the moment.Every branch of magic was largely governed by the Golden Rule, an observable phenomenon that very few noticed. It was known as the Law of Reciprocity, or Equivalent Exchange depending on who you were talking to. It basically meant that anything gained or created must have something of equal value taken or destroyed in the process, and those that tried to break this natural law... well it wasn't pretty.Horcruxes granted resistance to transit from one realm to the next, keeping him firmly anchored to the mortal world; only complete souls could pass on. In exchange for this kind of immortality, one had to sacrifice their humanity. This is the price he willingly paid, and he mutilated his own soul because he feared Death. Life was far too precious to him, since he'd had to fight for his own right to live almost from day one. He was not willing to let all that effort he spent during his childhood go to waste, and he turned his considerable mind towards delaying the inevitable indefinitely.Before he was Lord Voldemort, he was Tom Marvolo Riddle, a charming orphan that was intelligent, ambitious, and charismatic. Lurking under the surface of his public faade was a troubled young boy, the victim of bullying who went on to turn the tables quite fiercely on his tormenters. He had learned to gain conscious control over his magical abilities at an early age, allowing him to accomplish feats of magical ability and skill that few adult wizards could ever hope to replicate. He could control animals and specifically talk to snakes, move objects with thought alone, and force people to feel however he wanted them to.His last ability, which he came to understand as a precise form of empathic projection, was instrumental in his rise to power and fame. It was easy to choose who his lieutenants should be once he'd done his research, for he'd instantly realized that world domination was a surprisingly easy thing to attain with magic at one's disposal. He chose people based on the currently existing base of power, which would be the Most Ancient Houses, most of which were run by conservative blood purists. He studied their ideologies, and decided to emulate it simply because there would never be a shortage of sympathizers to that cause.They would flock to him because he was espousing their beliefs, even if he wasn't the perfect specimen for their convictions; just like the Nazi's would elevate Hitler for being their charismatic mouthpiece, even though he was neither blond haired nor blue eyed. And Tom Riddle knew of the power that Hitler wielded, for his orphanage was bombed by the Germans during a run while he was safely in Hogwarts. That had happened almost a week after he'd left, and he hadn't returned to the place since.He had no opinion of blood purity of his own, feeling nothing but ambivalence towards people based on their heredity. However, he needed them for cannon fodder, sources of revenue, political connections, and targets for his sadistic entertainment. When he successfully took over, he was going to quietly clean out the undesirable sectors of his forces, but there were some key agents that he would need to keep around, if only for their usefulness as tools. The Malfoy couple were political animals, with Narcissa hosting charity events and galas that raked in connections, and Lucius using his formidable wealth to control everyone of importance in the Ministry or Wizengamot through bribery or blackmail.Voldemort understood the minds of men quite easily, and viewed the world as one giant chess board, with him on one side and Albus Dumbledore on the other. It was quite easy to control the board altogether, once he cut away certain parts of his soul. He was now a rational, calculating individual who was largely impartial to the plights of mortals and incapable of being sentimental. While at one point he could turn his empathy on or off like a switch, it was now permanently switched off.As he walked down the pavement toward his destination, a child dressed in a Halloween costume ran up to him and said, "Nice costume, mister." Voldemort froze. His recently changed appearance was still a sore point for him, the unexpected consequences of a power boosting ritual that revealed his true self in exchange for power. He was an ophidian monster, the handsome body that he once had forever transformed into a hideous freak.He turned his head slowly, the shadowy cloak ruffling slightly in the cold zephyr that caressed it. His crimson eyes burned as he stared at the child, who promptly ran away. His spidery fingers twitched towards his wand of Yew, but he stopped it at the last moment. It would waste more energy to kill that kid than it was worth, so he decided to continue on his way. "Worthless," he whispered softly, the trailing hiss carrying through the chilly air to the escaping boy.The boy's legs rapidly increased their furious pumping.Some dead leaves drifted across the ground as he walked, his companion slithering around in the depths of his pocket as he leisurely walked. It was his newest familiar, a baby basilisk. It was still young, so its glare could only petrify and its venom would take an hour to kill someone, but it would be immensely powerful in the coming years. And after that night it would become the container of his final soul fragment.The cottage came into sight and he smiled a very predatory smile. This tiny cottage with its paltry defenses would not be capable of keeping him out, not when its Coup de Grace, the Fidelius Charm, recognized him as having the secret. After this night was over, he'd have to reward Wormtail with something scrumptious; maybe he'd give the former Marauder a single night with Bella.He breathed in deeply through the snake-like slits that hid his naval cavity, allowing a sense of tranquility to wash over him. He began directing his body's energy upwards, towards his eyes. All magicians could detect magical residues in their own way, though usually through some kind of synesthesia. For him, every kind of magical spell or enchantment had a specific color that he'd long since learned how to differentiate and identify.He opened his eyes now that he was ready, and watched as a slew of iridescent colors exploded suddenly across his field of vision. He blinked to fight the glare that was threatening to give him a headache, and scrutinized the place's defenses with rapt attention. It was a difficult skill to acquire without proper instruction, but the rewards were well worth the blood, sweat, and tears that went into it. He was now capable of breaking into a warded place all alone, without the need for backup at all.Utilizing intentional synesthesia to detect magic had some unfortunate drawbacks, like there being no way to control sensitivity on the spot. If someone looked at the sun, it would hurt and they could squint their eyes to lessen the light, or even close their eyes outright and look the other direction altogether. But there was no way to limit exposure to intense magic like that, and the energy was always quite bright.He ghosted forward quietly, moving in an odd pattern across the yard. He could see the latent topographical enchantments surrounding the house, allowing him to find the weak spots in the boundary fields and detection charms to slip through unnoticed. It was an ever changing maze that surrounded him, and he had to constantly move about so as not to breach any of the defensive measures, or else an alarm would go off, and he really couldn't afford for reinforcements from either the Order of the Phoenix or the Department of Magical Law Enforcement to hinder him at this crucial juncture.He deactivated a few on his way to the front porch, but he didn't have enough time to do all of them. If he didn't have such a vested interest in his magical reserves, he would've just brute forced his way through all of them by overloading the wards' energy capacity, but he did have a ritual to complete that night. Luckily he'd only be fighting two people at once, even if they were well above the norm in magical aptitude.He suddenly backflipped in a deft manner to avoid an animated barrier that only he could see, waving his wand and whispering words in a language of hisses, before noiselessly rolling back to his previous position without so much as a speck of dirt on his black cloak. He leapt lithely and landed on the porch, the exertion so trifling that he hadn't even broken a sweat.The front door was right before him when he stopped and stood as still as a statue. He closed his eyes and breathed in again, switching from his ability to see magical residues to his ability to see life energy. He opened his crimson eyes and looked about the house, seeing two adults laying supine in their bed and a child standing in his crib, all of whom were blissfully unaware of his presence.That was about to change.Smiling evilly, he reached his hand backwards and felt the tingling of a ward washing through his skin upon impact, and he felt a shockwave of magic race forth from his position. The peaceful silence of the cottage was instantly replaced with tense horror for about two heartbeats before James Potter's voice shouted with incredulous alarm, "LILY, IT'S HIM; TAKE HARRY AND RUN-"But the man was cut off by a beam of intense black light erupting from Voldemort's cherished wand and engulfing the man whole leaving a tunnel of ether in its wake. The shadowy laser sheared through the plaster ceiling, hardwood floor, and support structures of the house as easily as if they weren't even there to begin with. He heard a feminine cry of surprise and pain escape the master bedroom as he studied his handiwork. Blood began dripping down the newly created trench gaping through the ceiling, only a few drops, and some feathers from their mattress were floating down to him.Voldemort glided up the carpeted staircase to the second floor and moved towards the master bedroom as if taking a pleasant stroll through a beautiful meadow. The entire floor moaned ominously as he moved, betraying the imminent demise of the house. He skirted the enormous jagged cut clear through the floor and ceiling of the second floor with nary a thought before roughly blasting the door open.He examined the scene from his new position, barely able to keep mad cackles of glee from escaping his hideous reptilian visage. The body of a serenely beautiful redhead was lying on the bed, a pool of blood growing around her. The rose liquid coated most of the ceiling, glistening in the pale moonlight entering through the resultant hole in the roof. There were tracks of crimson running down the walls in rivulets, showing just how fresh the kill was. He sighed with delight as he imagined what the expression would be on whomever's face discovered this mess.He walked over to the nude feminine body and stared at it with a giddy sense of pride at his accomplishment. Obviously he caught them right after a very rigorous session of coitus, because she was as naked as the day she was born. The young woman had a hole clean through her stomach and her internal organs were beginning to leak out of her chest cavity. Lily Potter deserved this and far more for what she's done to him. He breathed in deeply through his nasal slits, the copper scent making Voldemort relish in the act of cold blooded murder. He loved blood, it's color, it's consistencyJames Potter, also nude, was sliced diagonally in half, his insides vaporized and his wounds cauterized by the intense heat of the black plasma beam, leaving only a gory mess behind. Oh, and glasses. Voldemort almost laughed at how whimsical they looked soaked in the blood of his enemies.Unfortunately for Lily Potter, she wasn't quite dead yet. Her body was curled into the fetal position, trembling with pain. He would almost have felt pity for her, if she hadn't ruined his plan to recruit all of the Marauders. He smiled happily at her as she stared with hatred on her face. He reached for her and began poking and prodding her insides with his slender hands, evoking delicious screams of absolute pain from her.He licked his lips and leaned closer to her, stopping only inches from her. She began to hyperventilate as her lungs slowly slid out of her disfigured body. He leaned back and chuckled coldly, knowing the greatest way to torture this woman. He forced his lips on hers and felt her nearly gagging from hatred. He pulled back and started chuckling at the vehement look on her slowly dying face. The color began to fade from her as he watched, the life fleeing her body with every passing breath.He'd performed a ritual to make up for a shortcoming of horcrux usage: they only prevented a soul from passing on. They did nothing to keep a soul fresh and youthful, often causing the original body to decay at an accelerated rate. To combat this, he sacrificed his capacity for procreation to grant himself another kind of limited mortality: everlasting bodily life. While he wasn't indestructible, he wouldn't be dying of old age any time soon. Or ever, for that matter.Not many were willing to castrate themselves with a rusty ritual knife in the name of immortality, either because of the pain or the fact that they can never have progeny. But Voldemort was an anomalous human, an outlier in society simply by mindset alone. To him there was only power; that was the defining aspect of everyone. The only distinction between people was whether they were willing to seek it or not.The Dark Lord grabbed the fiery woman by the ankle and threw her through a wall with sheer physical might. It must have really hurt to crash through plywood, but Voldemort wouldn't know. After he finished scrutinizing the damage with a gleam of manic psychopathy filling his crimson eyes, he quickly left the bedroom. He took one last look at the wreck surrounding him, tilted his head back, and began to chuckle. Sometimes being a Dark Lord could be so euphoric.Moving lithely to the nursery, he swiftly wrenched open the door, right off its hinges. The weeping woman was lying at the foot of her baby's cradle, clawing desperately at her frozen child. Voldemort shrugged indifferently at the beautiful woman's plight, pointing his wand at the child. About to cast the Killing Curse, he decided to gloat for one last moment."Step aside, stupid woman. I'll let you live if you just move away from your child." And he honestly would too. He would not move to finish her off if she let him complete his objective. But she'd die from her wounds anyway, which they both knew. It was his final insult against her, a way to get the last word even as he ripped everything she loved in life to pieces.In the moonlight leaking through the open window, he saw she had fragments of wood and plaster embedded in her freshly broken, still uncovered skin, streams of blood still running. She looked at him with pleading green eyes, "P-Please not not my baby" As he looked at her, he felt the slight stirrings of desire enter him for the first time in such a long time. He could not procreate, or even feel the pleasure that sex could give, but he still felt the urge to touch her.He walked quietly over to her, his skeletal hands tenderly caressing her rapidly deteriorating body. Starting at her terrified face, cupping her cut up cheeks, he trailed his fingertips down to her throat. Within moments, his hand formed a vice around her throat, and began squeezing with the inhuman strength that he possessed. Her broken fingernails scraped against the skin of his arm, but he wouldn't even budge.Just as he watched the struggle starting to leave her battered body, a spark lit her emerald eyes. Her arm snapped up, wand in hand, and she rasped, "Avada Kedavra!" at Voldemort. He dropped his arms from her throat and dodged the curse that was fired at point blank with practical ease. He watched with satisfaction as her head dropped to the floor with a sense of finality. She used the last bit of her magic to avenge her husband and protect her child. Futile though it was, Voldemort whistled at her strength.Gryffindors would be great soldiers, if only they weren't entirely against him.He scoffed at the finally dead woman and pointed his wand at the crying child.Making an effort to release an especially evil laugh, he cast the killing curse at the infant. But as soon as the jet of bright green light shot out of his wand, he felt something deep down. He frowned in the fraction of a second after he cast the spell. Something strange and terribly against the laws of nature was happening before Voldemort's eyes. As the unblockable, unsurvivable killing curse sunk into the alabaster skin of the child's forehead, it didn't dissipate and instantly kill like it normally should. A wall of phantasmal symbols appeared around the boy, forming a glowing sphere as ancient runes swirled through the air between the kid and the wand. A single symbol, that of a bolt of lightning, glowed far greater than the rest and settled on the point of impact.All the other runes exploded outward in a hurricane of magical energy, ripping apart the already thoroughly damaged house, demolishing it beyond any repair. The symbol on Harry's forehead, the glowing lightning bolt, regurgitated some remnants of the initial spell, though most of the oomph was taken out of it. The rebounded streak of ethereal emeraldine light glanced off Voldemort's chest, and he felt his fragile soul sever from his body.Since his body was in possession of most of his life's research, he'd built a fail-safe mechanism into it; a self destructing spell that would activate upon his bodily defeat. It began burning with black fire, consuming everything that he didn't want any of his enemies getting their hands on. There would not be any body found by whoever searched this place. Even as he closed his eyes in amusement at being thwarted so easily, he heard the distinctive popping of apparition in the distance. Everything faded, and he realized that he failed at something for the seventh time in his life.Swirling blackness surrounded him as he wondered idly where he would go next. The Locket, the Chalice, the Diary, the Diedem, the Ring or the Snake? Then his safety nets caught him as he was already formulating another plan to become invincible. Except this time, he wouldn't underestimate the incredibly powerful child that ended him. Maybe he could turn the child to his faction in a few years? And just as he began the forced journey back, he saw a tiny piece of his incorporeal form break away from the rest and head towards the boy.His nonexistent eyes widened at what he saw. "Did I just-" but the rest of his words were lost to the wind as the active portion of his soul was sucked off into the vast unknown. It would take a few years for him to amass the enormous amounts of energy required to escape one of his horcruxes, but temporary incarceration was infinitely better than outright death...He'd formed an intimate connection with the child, using a human being of all things to complete his horcrux ritual. This was a major issue, but it could also be a huge boon to him in the future. He'd have to play this one by ear, maybe use that primal spiritual connection to gather information and influence the boy towards his cause. But it would take a while for him to do anything too energy consuming..._A sharp pop rung out in the darkness of the early morning. Sirius Black and Rubeus Hagrid appeared in the rubble of a formerly cozy house. "No, no, no, no, NO, NO, NO, NOOOO!" screamed Sirius hysterically as he sprinted towards the destroyed cottage. If the wreckage was anything to go by, Voldemort went all out to snuff the infant's life out. All hope for the Light was now lost. Britain would undoubtedly fall into dark anarchy within the month, ruled by an evil despot that no longer appeared to be fully human.Hagrid had tears running down his face as he followed the younger man, but he hesitated upon reaching the threshold. This building didn't look like it would support his massive weight But his musing was cut off when they heard a beautiful, wondrous sound. The wailing of a distressed baby gradually grew louder as the child woke up, echoing eerily through the misty darkness."Could it be?" asked Hagrid with awe heavy in his voice. "Is lil' Harry still alive?" The mere thought of such a preposterous claim made Sirius almost scoff even as he tore through the house towards the sound, but the ghostly caterwauling of the child was steadily increasing in volume. It was almost as if Voldemort wanted them to get their hopes up. That was the sort of inhuman cruelty that the Dark Lord was capable of, but something told him that the mammoth man was somehow right.They moved cautiously through the destroyed home, searching for a baby boy. The half giant's speculation was proven correct as they neared a baby's crib, the only piece of furniture left intact despite everything else being torn asunder. "Merlin..." muttered the boy's godfather as he stared wistfully at the one year old. "Is that..." he began as he moved the child's hair off of its forehead. A lightning bolt shaped scar was visible, etched into existence slightly over the left eye. When his finger brushed against the unnatural pockmark, a strange image entered his mind."A curse mark..." whispered Sirius. Dark Lord Voldemort was renowned across the British Isles for his admittedly limited repertoire of dark spells. The odds of him using anything other than the unblockable, unforgivable killing curse were slim indeed. This meant that the boy not only reflected Voldemort's spell, but it was the grandfather of the almighty evil curses, the Avada Kedavra. The infant was already quite the badass.But the baby didn't have to be.And Sirius knew, he knew, that there was only one person responsible for this tragedy. The Grim animagus lowered his head and muttered a dark curse before turning to Hagrid. "Listen, you've gotta get Harry outta here. Take my bike, and contact Dumbledore. He'll tell you what to do. Right now, I've gotta find Wormtail. Either he's in trouble or he's going to be"Hagrid didn't know what the younger man meant with that last statement, but he decided to take the man's advice. "Erm can yer bike take ma weight?" he asked uncertainly.Sirius chuckled despite the situation and nodded, all the while choking back tears. "Take care Hagrid" he said before running off into the shadows of the night, his body morphing into the agile form of an enormous black dog as he ran, not even breaking stride as he did so. It would be much easier to track and chase down Pettigrew in this form than any other.And he would need to find Peter to figure out what went wrong.His padded feat pounded on pavement and Earth as he searched for the scent of his friend. A lot of possibilities were entering his mind, but there were two that were the most prominent: either Wormtail was captured and revealed the information unwillingly to the Death Eaters in the face of their unique brand of unpleasantness, or Wormtail was a willing spy that sold out his friends for whatever the forces of darkness offered him.The former seemed more likely to Sirius, because he couldn't imagine anybody in Gryffindor becoming a turncoat. But at the same time, he couldn't help the cold feeling that settled into the pit of his stomach at another thought. The other members of their little group had all noticed it over the course of the past few years, but it had become much more pronounced recently than before: Wormtail was uncomfortable around them.As his furry quadripedal body pounded towards the Rat's closest hangout spot, he caught a whiff of Pettigrew's scent. So Peter was currently free, and was apparently filled to the brim with fear. Either he'd escaped the clutches of the Death Eaters, which was an unlikely occurrence with how much of a coward Wormtail was, or he was never a prisoner to begin with, which supported the Rat being a traitor.Sirius grit his teeth and growled lowly as he began jetting after the source of the smell. The scent that Padfoot was following was only twenty minutes old, incredibly fresh and quiet damning in its very existence to the possibility of Pettigrew being innocent. He was going to let Peter talk, but if it wasn't satisfactory, and a damned good story, Peter was going to get ripped to pieces before the sun was up.And it was just as he saw Peter, standing in the clearing of a forest, that the Grim stepped on a bear trap and it closed. Pain lanced through Sirius's back left leg, and he cried out in pain. Wormtail, finally hearing what he was waiting for, called out, "I'm so sorry, Padfoot. I knew you'd come after me, so I left a trail as bait to lure you into this trap that bearclaw that's digging into you're leg is coated in Elixir of Euphoria, which was improved substantially by Snape just for me. Soon you'll be a glibbering idiot, and the Dark Lord's contacts in the DMLE will covertly escort you to Azkaban where you'll stay for the rest of your life without a trial I'm so sorry"Sirius began howling, using one of the more esoteric abilities of his animagus form. Many people knew that Grims were universally seen as an ominous portent or bad omen, but few knew the reason why. They are, in fact, a subspecies of Hellhounds, a powerful magical species known for command over darkness and fire. These two elements are very powerful mechanisms of homeostasis in the species, burning off almost anything toxic in their bodies, and being able to shroud their minds in darkness as a powerful Occlumentic shield.The howling was nothing more than a mnemonic device for Sirius to access these powers, though he'd never had enough time to practice them before, nor told anyone of them. He would likely be able to hold off the artificially cheery onslaught of the chemical for a while, but eventually he'd be forced to give in to the temptations of merriment that it promised. For now he could deal with the nagging feeling, but the urge to laugh and sing and dance would continue growing until he wouldn't be able to hold it anymore.That just meant that he had to move quickly.He pried the trap apart with his mouth and began limping towards Peter as fast as he could. Luckily Grims also have an advanced healing rate, otherwise he wouldn't be capable of walking at all. As he approached, Peter paled at the teeth glinting in the moonlight. The Rat Bastard spoke, "I'll be in Ottery St. Catchpole in a few minutes, about the time it'll take you to heal enough to transform back into a human. Apparate there, and I'll duel you" When Sirius didn't reply with anything other than forward momentum, Peter began fumbling around with some object before disappearing on the spot. It was not a portkey, and it was too silent for apparition, which meant that it was something much more valuable: a time-turner.Sirius growled but waited for his leg to heal. Animagus transfiguration was a very complicated branch of magic, requiring detailed knowledge of anatomy and physiology of both humans and the target animal. Nobody could have more than one animal form, and it was impossible to make the transition while majorly damaged, such as having a broken leg from a bear trap.He howled again to access more of his latent powers, feeling the rush of eldritch energy flooding into his body and speeding the process up. Exactly where the energy was coming from, he didn't know. But it felt limitless, like an ocean compared to his cup. Maybe magical beings had a stranger connection with the energy of the world, or maybe magical beings just had infinitely larger reserves of energy to rely on, but the amount was simply mind boggling. The only problems were accessing it and controlling it, both of which would be easier with time, but he didn't exactly have a ton of that right now.The shadowy sinews of his muscle wove together, the pearlescent spikes of bone were snapping back into place, the dark skin began flowing back into its normal shape, and the black fur regrew and gained a lacquer of protective gloss to give a small measure of protection against hostile pieces of magic. Padfoot fully recovered almost ten minutes faster than he expected to initially, but the ecstasy began spreading farther from the back of his mind.Panting, he transformed back into his human form, firmly placing mental barriers throughout his mind, to contain the Elixir of Euphoria as long as he could. It wasn't anywhere nearly as effective as the Grim's mental shroud, but it was pretty decent for a drugged up Auror. He grunted and concentrated on his determination, deliberation, and destination. Or maybe it was destination, deliberation, and determination?Shrugging, he contorted into a spatial warp, forcing his body through a tiny tube made out of existence itself, and popping out at the Burrow. It was the home of Gideon and Fabian Prewitt, before the brothers were mercilessly killed by the Lestrange Brothers in a nasty firefight. It was close enough to Ottery St. Catchpole that he could run there in only a few minutes in his Grim form.As he began sprinting again, he seamlessly shifted back into Padfoot, though he was started to giggle and twitch as he ran. Within moments he found himself downwind of Pettigrew yet again, though this time the Rat wasn't alone. He had the Lestrange Brothers, Barty Crouch Junior, and Rodolphus's recent bride Bellatrix with him, and they were rounding up muggles by the dozens through liberal usage of the Imperius curse.Padfoot growled and closed the distance between his fierce fangs and Peter's throat in moments, grazing him with the tips of his sharp canines before being blasted back by his cousin. "Did you really think it would be that easy?" questioned the Dark Lady in a singsong voice. She was Voldemort's right hand, his most powerful general. Too bad it seemed she didn't know yet that her master was a pile of ashes inside the Potter cottage in Godric's Hollow.As he bounced away from his target, Padfoot twisted in midair and morphed back into Sirius, who landed levelly on his feet with his wand already in his hand, pointing at Bellatrix. They exchanged a volley of colorful streaks of light, while Peter joined in, in the vain attempt to be the one to do Sirius in. Barty threw up a powerful shield to protect the hostages and Lestrange Brothers from Sirius's barrage, while Rabastan was ripping the clothes off any women he could see and Rodolphus was Crucio-ing everyone else."I must admit that was faster than I expected you to recover. I guess you're starting to master that alternate form of yours," said Pettigrew breathlessly, over the sounds of clashing magical bolts and fireballs.Sweat poured down Sirius's face as he was nicked with a stray cutting curse. He should've asked for backup, but hindsight could only do so much for him at the moment. A bone breaking hex caught his offhand, forcing him to leave it limp as he continued dancing around enemy spells. He and Bella were almost evenly matched, with him having a slight advantage with his Auror training. Unfortunately, Peter was also helping her, and the other three could join in at any time they felt like they needed to."Stay back Peter, he's mine," snarled Bellatrix as she began slowly marching towards Sirius. The Rat did as he was instructed, and her entire style of combat changed. Now she was gracefully pirouetting around the battlefield, launching small sparks of contained fiendfyre all over the place, not even bothering to aim or worry about the resulting screams from muggles trapped in burning buildings.Sirius growled and apparated close to her, catching her face with his extended knee as he exited the spatial tunnel. She staggered back, surprised from the unexpectedly muggle-like attack thrown at her by her pureblood cousin, and grinned ferally. Sirius, however, was far more surprised when he noticed a bite mark on his knee. His blood ran cold, because he knew what her animagus form was. While it wasn't combat oriented, a partial transformation would be a huge boon to her, and he didn't know whether she could actually keep something like that upShe began cackling evilly, the malicious light of her eyes dancing even more than before."Shit," said Sirius, though his face was twitching towards a smile. The Elixir of Euphoria was beginning to take hold over everything now that his attention had slipped."Indeed," she intoned with amusement. "My saliva is essentially made of Malaclaw venom, because that's the form I take. And now my saliva is running in your bloodstream, shifting the very ley lines themselves into actively opposing you. You're as good as dead in a fight with me now, because luck is the deciding factor of battle," she smugly said.He frowned and transformed again back into his Grim form, pumping as much unnatural power into his body as he could. He felt the power dulling the elixir and venom, but it couldn't even hold them back any longer. It was just slowing the rate of spreading."And now I'm going to show you a secret weapon that we've kept under wraps. The Dark Mark has more functions than just communicating to the Dark Lord" she muttered, the latter half of the statement more to herself than anything else. She dramatically pointed her wand skyward, before ramming it unceremoniously into her arm and hissing something to it.The skull with a snake poking out of its mouth was known all over wizarding Britain as a symbol of fear, but that had little to do with the mind numbing horror that fought blissful ecstasy in Sirius's mind. The Grim staggered backwards as he watched the skull open its mouth even further, releasing a second snake, and a third, and a fourth. The serpents began snaking their way across her body like a magical tattoo, moving and growing and emanating from the skull's mouth.Soon her whole body was covered in tattooed snakes, her skin seeming pure, writhing black in the silvery glow of the full moon. The energy bellowing from her body, previously at just below Sirius's level, had now grown double, and felt far more cold and hard than it did previously. Padfoot recognized it as Voldemort's energy signature, having once encountered the powerful man and only living with the help of Prongs and Moony (Wormtail was nowhere to be found at the time figures).A silver and green aura surrounded her body as the dark scaly creatures covering every inch of her skin began lightening up. They now looked white, incredibly so, and the snakes had all conjoined to form a single, enormous white snake that had a humanoid body. Bellatrix opened her eyes, showing that they were now yellow and slitted, just like a snake's, while her hair was made of many smaller serpents, like Medusa the Gorgon from Greek mythology."I just wanted you to see how outclassed you truly are in the face of Lord Voldemort's power," she said, her voice hissing at the end just like her master's. "This is the true purpose of the Dark Mark, to give His most loyal followers a fraction of his power" She trailed off as Sirius began laughing hysterically, her face twisting into an evil smirk. "So the elixir has finally worked its way into your system fully?"He wiped a tear from his eye and said, "No, your all powerful master was killed earlier tonight by a boy of only a few months old. He's a pile of ash in the Potter cottage, or what's left of it anyway. It makes me wonder what the source of your newfound power really is though"Bellatrix cackled, "His Darkness isn't dead. If he were dead, then everyone with a Dark Mark would also be dead, because we're all intrinsically linked to him through it. He's alive, though I think you actually believe what you're saying." While it wasn't quite as effective or efficient as Veritaserum, it was difficult to lie about something when you were tripping on Euphoria; you're typically too damned happy to care enough to lie about something."Oh well," she continued, "I think it's time we finished up here." As she said this, she began channeling the silvery green energy into her wand, which began to vibrate with power. She pointed the conduit of her eldritch power towards her cousin, and smiled sweetly. "Oh, and Obliviate!"Author's Note: So... was it good for you? I hope you noticed all the plot points and newer lore that I included in this chapter, as opposed to much of the cannon explanations. *Any passages denoted as such are either direct quotes or paraphrases from the books or other works of fanfiction and will be cited at the bottom of the chapter...*Also I'd like to apologize in advance for an occasional problem. You may notice a lack of space between italicized and non-italicized words heavily prevalent in some chapters, and that is entirely the fault of this website's uploading. I hope it doesn't turn you off or anything. I also hope it doesn't turn you on, though for entirely different reasons.Anyways... ahem... this story was inspired by Partially Kissed Hero by Perfect Lionheart, Prince of the Dark Kingdom by Mizuni-sama, Mastermind Hunting by Louis IX, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality by Less Wrong, Wizard of the Kaleidoscope by OnTheImportanceOfLungs, and Heir to Dracula by ZenoNoKyuubi, and several others that I can't think of. Basically, look at my favorite stories tab on my profile, and you've got nearly a hundred stories that are all superb.
