Hi guys, so I had this idea and decided to type it up. It's a Dark!Trio story which is something I've never tried before so I hope it's ok Sorry, this isn't an update, just a few corrections that needed seeing too!Disclaimer: Everything belongs to the amazing J.K. Rowling.Warning: Blood, Gore, Torture, abuse.Of Lies and Deceit and Hidden Personas.Chapter 1.Harry Potter had finally had enough. He was sick and tired of everything, Sirius' death had hammered another nail in the coffin but this letter from the esteemed headmaster had finally sealed it shut.Dear Harry,I am sorry to have to inform you that you will no longer be able to correspond or interact with the Weasley's and Miss Granger because of the threat this friendship pose' on their lives. Only you alone can defeat the Dark Lord and once this task is completed I may allow you pick up the friendship. I have placed an extra ward around your house for protection which will stop all mail from being sent or received as it will be possible for someone to track. Because of this you shall not be leaving your relatives home until the start of term where someone will appear to take you to the platform 9  and when you arrive at school you will be given a private room so no one is placed in danger, I am sorry to place this burden on you my boy but you have a destiny that must be fulfilled.Sincerest apologies, Albus Dumbledore.Harry was beyond fuming, he hadn't trusted Dumbledore in a while now but this was a new level. His magic was whipping angrily around him and it seemed to be snapping things inside of him, memories flooded his mind and he watched with growing fury and he Ron and Hermione were repeatedly obliviated. Knowledge and truths poured in to him and a murderous all-consuming rage welled up inside of him making his magic crush things around him."BOY!" CRACK, the sound of Harry Potter's well-built control shattering in to a million pieces."GET DOWN HERE YOU WORTHLESS FREAK!" His uncle screamed at him SMASH, the sound of Harry's carefully built masks crumbling. Harry smiled, but it wasn't an ordinary smile, it was dark, cruel, sadistic and more than half insane. Calmly he gathered his belongings and willed them to shrink, it wouldn't do to be caught using his wand."I TOLD YOU TO GET DOWN HERE FREAK!" Ignoring his other injuries that Harry had acquired, which was an alarming number, Harry gracefully walked down the stairs dropping his fake glasses on the way, with each step he took his appearence changed until he barely resembled Harry Potter as the world saw him. Dead hair morphed in to silky raven locks that fell in light waves, sickly skin became creamy and unblemished, skinny frame filled out and grew becoming toned and lithe, and finally dull green eyes brightened to an AK green and pulsed with a furious power; and if you looked closely you could see a trail of blood followed the teenage wizard."Yes uncle Vernon?" Harry asked sweetly and received a full blown kick to the stomach and he heard one or more ribs crack."What do you think you are doing making all that racket, it isn't enough that you have to taint us with your freaking ways." The whale like man hissed and Harry's smile grew."I'm sorry uncle Vernon I didn't mean to.""That's not good enough boy." Vernon grabbed his nephew by the hair and dragged him in to the kitchen to give him a good thrashing, he threw the boy to the floor and took of his belt but before he could strike the young wizard Harry turned."No uncle Vernon I don't think we will be doing that today.""Why you-,""Quiet pig." Harry slashed his hand through the air silencing him, the man's eyes went wide and Harry began to laugh which drew Dudley and Petunia in to the room."Oh look the rest of the family's here.""What are you doing boy?""I'm going to kill you now. Imperio," Harry waved his hand and shot the spell at Vernon who got a glazed look, he picked up a knife and walked calmly over to his son, who screamed when he realised he couldn't move, and stabbed him repeatedly spraying blood everywhere. Petunia was screaming for him to stop but he didn't, he started to carve out he own son's eyes much to Harry's delight, the teen was covered in blood but he relished in it. When Dudley was dead Harry released the spell and watched as Vernon broke down in horror but Harry wasn't done yet, he made Vernon pick up the knife again and carve filth on his wives back as she screamed out. He made him beat his own wife to death before he released him for the second time and Harry could help but giggle as Vernon cried."No one can hear you uncle." Harry picked up the dropped knife slished it viciously across Vernon's face making him cry out."It hurts doesn't it?" Harry asked sweetly before he began slashing with a vengeance."That's it scream for me uncle. No one will help you uncle. I will end you uncle." Harry cackled gleefully as he coated himself in his uncles blood, and with a final slash to the throat Vernon lay still, Harry dropped the knife and apperated away not knowing he shouldn't be able to do half the stuff he just did without a wand. He landed outside a set of grand double doors that belonged to Malfoy Manor and knocked, he hoped Draco had a shower he could borrow it wouldn't do him any good to walk round in public covered in blood. The doors opened to reveal Draco Malfoy who when from emotionless to shock to horror in about 3 seconds, silently he pulled his secret friend in."What the hell happened?" Draco demanded in a hiss, the Dark Lord was in the manor right now and it really would not be good for him to see Harry, who was covered in blood, looking completely insane without his glamour, the blondes mind was working a mile a minute but coming up with nothing. Harry tilted his head and let out a childish giggle which made Draco pale; Harry had finally lost it. Hurried footsteps approached and Draco cursed as he father and the Dark Lord came in to the entrance hall and froze."Is that Harry Potter?""Um yes milord,""What is he covered in?""I think its blood,""What on in Merlin's name is going on here Draco?""I haven't got the faintest idea father." The younger blonde wrung his hands looking at his friend who it seemed wasn't even there anymore. The Dark Lord, who looked like a 25 year old Tom Riddle, felt his breath catch when Harry turned to look at him, The boy looked stunning with his longish raven hair contrasting with his pale skin, full red lips curved up in an alluring smile, piercing Avada eyes shone with an insane glint and the blood running down him just added to the effect. Harry giggled again, but this time he spoke in a haunting child-like manor that made everyone shiver."He lied to me he did, made me forget things he did, told me more lies he did." Harry giggled again; it was clear he wasn't in his right mind."You're the boy-who-live Harry, Slytherin are evil Harry, you have to save the stone Harry, I'll obliviate you Harry, can't have you knowing the truth Harry." Harry titled his head to the side again."I'll make sure your abused Harry, we can't have you strong Harry, and I'll bind your magic Harry." He giggled again, the haunting childish voice had everyone frozen in place."You have to risk your life Harry, but I won't tell you why Harry. I'll destroy your reasons to live and make you rely on me Harry, but don't worry Harry you will never know." Harry laughed and it was the same laugh that Bellatrix gave when she was completely insane."I'll kill your godfather Harry, I'll create a prophecy Harry, you have to fight Harry because you're our saviour Harry. I'll raise you like a pig for slaughter Harry." He was back to the childish giggle."Back to the muggles Harry, they will beat you Harry and I'll take away your friends Harry." His smile grew and his eyes blazed."You're a freak Harry, your worthless Harry, in the cupboard Harry, freaks don't eat Harry." Harry's voice changed to a desperate pleading which was even more frightening with the smile on his face."Please uncle Vernon I'll be good, stop uncle Vernon I didn't mean it, not the belt uncle Vernon, please uncle Vernon I'm sorry." Harry's voice changed back to child-like which didn't match the evil smile on his face."No uncle Vernon it won't work this time, I'm sorry uncle Vernon did that hurt? Look uncle Vernon I carved out his eyes, can you see uncle Vernon? Are you sorry uncle Vernon? I'll make you sorry uncle Vernon, that's it scream for me uncle Vernon, no one will hear you just like no one heard me. No one will save you uncle Vernon because I'm the saviour and no one saved me." With one last childish giggle Harry looked in to the crimson eyes of the Dark Lord."Can you save me Tom?" His eyes rolled back and he dropped like a rock, he was deftly caught by Draco who just snapped out of his shock in time. Draco laid the underweight teen on the floor with care and the silence was thick, no one could think of anything to say. It was then Draco spotted the running blood that was coming from Harry, he took out his wand and began running the usual diagnostics and swore up a storm, he snapped his fingers and a house elf popped in."Fetch my mother and tell he to bring her full healing kit now." Draco ordered in a slight panic, Harry was injured much more than usual, the blonde unbuttoned Harry's robes and began to stem the flow of blood this seemed to wake the two adults out of the shock. The Dark Lord waved his wand over the teen and a piece of parchment began writing all the numerous injuries some of which were life threatening if not treated immediately, Voldemort cursed just as Narcissa hurried round the corner."What is it Draco?" She asked as she caught sight of Harry she released a gasp and the Dark Lord handed her the diagnostic sheet."Everyone back," She ordered as she fell to her knees pulling out her wand and multiple potions, she began healing him, she had to reset his arm and multiple ribs, but one of the ribs pierced his lung. Blood started to flow from Harry's mouth making his breathing become laboured, the Dark Lord knelt down opposite Narcissa and began chanting in Latin, the spell emptied the blood from the lung to clear the airways but he had to repeat it over and over because they were filling at a rapid rate. Narcissa spells a potion straight in to his stomach and waved her wand, Harry's breathing evened out but the blood would not stop flowing from the cuts and welts."Nippy I need more blood replenishers now." She barked wiping her brow smearing blood down her face."Damn, he's losing too much blood, why is it not stemming? If this keeps up it won't be his lungs that will kill him." She cried as she tried to close the wounds, they kept reopening and the blood seemed to be falling faster; Draco slapped himself."He has basilisk venom and phoenix tears in his blood." He exclaimed remembering when Harry had said ordinary blood replenishers didn't work for him, they didn't clot the blood just thickened it."WHAT!?""Long story," Draco waved them off, Narcissa did some quick thinking."Nippy get me a neutralizer." She told the elf who came back with the blood replenishers, she poured it down his throat and added the neutralizer and it was slow, but finally the blood started to clot, she rolled him over and pulled the robes off only to cursed viciously. There were whip marks layered upon each other with multiple bruises and the word 'freak' carved there, the Dark Lord's eyes flashed and he started sealing the wounds as Narcissa prevented scars. The bruises faded to a yellowy colour and she ran a final diagnostic sighing in relief, with a last blood replenisher and some skele-gro she was done. She stood and conjured up a floating stretcher, levitating the teen on to it taking up to a bedroom leaving another thick silence in her wake."I believe, Lucius, your son has a lot of explaining to do." The Dark Lord said looking at the Jr Malfoy, Draco nodded swallowing hard and praying Harry didn't kill him when he woke up. They headed to his father's study and sat down, Draco tried not to squirm under the gaze of the most powerful wizard in the world."Harry has a lot of masks, the so called Golden Trio have a lot of nasty secrets that do not fit their hero image. I became friends with Harry in forth year I can't even remember how, but he is so much different when he drops his mask, I found out how far the masks went when I caught him teaching Granger and Weasley the Sectumsempra curse. But there was something off with them, they would work out some of Dumbledore's manipulations and next thing they would have no clue, Harry had a mean Slytherin streak and some of the things those three have done and never been caught are quite unbelievable." Draco explained surprising the two dark wizards."That does not explain what just happened or how he got in here without alerting the wards." The Dark Lord pointed out at this Draco's face darkened."Harry's relatives are the worst type of muggles, last year it wasn't as bad as I was able to heal him on the train with the help of Granger and Weasley, but I'm guessing without the threat of Black the muggles went overboard.""You mean Potter's family did that to him!" Lucius exclaimed and his son nodded."By the sounds of it he finally snapped and killed the filth, although something else must have happened because he completely lost it." Draco said with a shrug."But I thought Potter was a spoilt little prince, I doubt Dumbledore would allow-," Before Draco could speak the Dark Lord did."He would, this is exactly something the old fool would do to ensure he had control." Voldemort hissed, his crimson eyes burning in anger."I wonder what could have caused this reaction." Lucius wondered aloud."We will have to wait until he wakes, but this makes my job easier, I was about to start my plan to coerce the teen to our side anyway, he is ridiculously hard to kill." The last part came out in a somewhat petulant mutter, there was a knock at the door and a clean Narcissa entered."He is resting, but I think he will be out until morning, I have never seen something so bad and I have healed death eaters after a raid." She explained and looked towards her son for an explanation so Draco told the story again, the Dark Lord sent Lucius and the brothers to Potter's address to see what damage was done there and he sat back with a sigh pouring himself a large glass of whisky. There was a lot about Harry Potter which was hidden and the Dark Lord wanted to know it all. Lucius and the brothers came back and each was in a different state of shock."Well?""It's a mess My Lord, he didn't just murder them it was torture some Bella would be proud of." Rabastan said Voldemort's eyebrows shot up."Oh,""That's not all, the male adult was showing signs of a high powered imperious." Rodolphus put in."Why isn't the ministry and the fools order not swarming the place?""It seemed it was done by raw magic, there is absolutely no trace of a wand being used." Lucius told his Lord, he wouldn't have believed it if he hadn't run the tests himself."That's impossible.""I would have thought so too milord if I had not run the tests multiple times, it was pure raw magic with vicious intent." Lucius shook his head in wonder, there was a lot more to Harry Potter than anyone could imagine and they were only scraping the top.Tom Riddle AKA Lord Voldemort was waiting for his new mystery to wake up from his healing sleep, he sat in an arm chair across from the peacefully sleeping teen reading. Harry woke slowly and his first thought was that he wasn't in any pain which was unusual as only the other day Vernon had given him his worst beating to date, then he remembered the letter and everything seemed to come flooding back to him and he sat bolt upright looking around. Harry's eyes darted around the richly decorated room wondering where in Merlin's name he was when his eyes fell on the most gorgeous man he had ever seen. He had dark hair that was straight and was cut in to style that was no longer than his neck, sharp aristocratic features, pink lips and bright eyes; bright crimson eyes. Harry was staring in to the face of Lord Voldemort only he looked like his old self; Tom Riddle."Brilliant Potter, absolutely fucking brilliant, you finally lost your mind." He muttered to himself much to the amusement of the Dark Lord."Good morning Mr Potter." He drawled,"Good morning Mr Riddle." Harry said in the same tone which made the Dark Lord blink."Would you care to explain?" Harry fell back on the bed with a groan pulling the covers over his head."Not particularly no, why do you ask?""It might have something with you somehow breaking through the Malfoy wards covered in blood completely out of your mind." Voldemort stated."Huh, yeah finally lost it then, I did say I would kill them eventually." Harry said seriously sitting up again, it was then he noticed he was shirtless, with a yelp he leapt out of bed and to the full length mirror. Harry nearly gaped, he was completely healed, not a bruise or cut or even a scar anywhere, it was then he noticed he looked different, one of the blocked memories signalled his glamour and his eyes widened and he released a string of curses."What the hell happened!?""I believe I did just ask.""I don't remember what happened once I got here, I had a letter from that manipulative, sly old bastard." Harry spat out his face twisting in to an evil snarl."I know I got angry and my magic must have ripped away his binds and memory modifications because I remember everything the bastard has ever done, then I had a lovely call from my delightful uncle and I snapped." Harry's smile was full of malice as he span to face the Dark Lord."I made those filthy muggles suffer," He said in pleasure, "And then I have no clue it just goes blank." Harry finished with a shrug."It seemed as if you were having a mental collapse, you appeared less sane than Bella, which is saying something.""Well that can't be healthy.""No it usually isn't.""Damn it, I have so much to plan. That bastard needs to have his neck rung." Harry growled."Yes, what are your issues with Dumbledore? You said a lot of things yesterday that didn't make sense." Harry sighed and wrenched his hands through his hair."Can I shower first, it's a long story." That he didn't quite know the answer to himself."If you must," Harry willed his trunk to unshrunk and he pulled out some green robes which he had bought last year which were for his true self not his golden boy mask, granted he only remembered now, but now was a good a time as any. He dived in the shower and thanked Merlin for small miracles, he hadn't been allowed to wash properly since school, when he was done he lengthened his hair just slightly so he could tie it at the nape of his neck. He came out of the bathroom fully dressed and sat down on the other chair in the room, the Dark Lord looked up and his eyes raked Harry, a hungry look flickered in the crimson eyes before it was gone and Harry didn't know if he imagined it or not."Dumbledore,""I was supposed to be in Slytherin." Harry stated much to the Dark Lord's surprise. "Since first year the headmaster has been controlling me with spells and obliviating me and my friends from when we find out any of his manipulations. It wasn't our idea to go after the stone, but yet we did, he knew you were in the school, but he did nothing but send three 11 year olds down to save a legendary magical artefact. He sends me to abusive muggles and pays them to make me weak and submissive." Harry rolled his eyes. "Like that will ever happen,""The chamber of secrets happened and he obviously knew who the heir was I mean me Ron and Mione worked out who it was and what was in it then Mione got petrified, it wasn't like two 12 year olds could possibly do anything about an ancient basilisk but yet I find myself down in the chamber slaying the poor thing and stabbing the diary with a basilisk fang, sorry about that by the way Tom it wasn't my choice." Voldemort nodded with a wince; his poor diary."Dumbles obliviated charming me and Ron to go down and the fact he knew Ginny had the diary from our minds. Third year was a joke, he is chief warlock and yet he could get no trial for Sirius, we sat for hours looking through ministry law books and found that the chief warlock can demand a trial for anyone, but we were again obliviated and forced to go back in time and save Siri so he was on the run." Harry shook his head and thought for a second, all of the memories were swirling around in his head so he had to concentrate."Forth year I was obliviated multiple times and he spelled Ron to turn his back on me in the tournament as well as placing a bind on my magic just before the third task. I got dementors sent after me and he kept me in the dark at my hell hole for over a month, then the pathetic hearing before being sent the HQ. Sirius told me everything that was going on in the order on the sly which I of course told Ron and Hermione, but we were obliviated again this time with Sirius. In school Umbridge was teaching and Dumbles sat back and allowed me to have my hand carved in to and obliviated any teachers I went to about it, hell I even went to Snape, of course I had Draco, Ron and Mione for help so we managed to keep me from killing the toad. Apparently, I have a slight temper on me." Harry smiled wryly,"I started teaching over half the school defence under everyone's noses until we were ratted out, it was called, at the time, Dumbledore's army which made Dumbledore take the blame for it and he left. This allowed me to teach some of the dark arts I had been learning since second year; Draco caught me teaching them the Sectumsempra hex which was when he saw me for the first time with none of my well-crafted masks on. It's funny, no one has even had a thought that there was anything other than the golden boy so I used it, its surprisingly difficult acting like an idiot sometimes. Then you sent me the vision to get the prophecy which we knew was fake, the next thing I know I'm on a freakin thestral flying to the ministry with the intent to save Sirius. I remember now seeing Dumbledore cast something on Bellatrix before she sent a curse at Sirius, I chased her and cast the cruciatus, but my magic was pulling and I couldn't do it even though I had perfected the spell in forth year. Then the great Albus Dumbledore and you had an epic duel ruined by the ministry, the prophecy had previously smashed, but he told me it when we got back to his office." Harry clenched his fist at that, he took a deep breath and calmed his anger as he was unsure as to what would happen."Luna, one of my favourite people in the world, like my little sister, a relationship the old fool ruined because he spelled me to be away from anyone other than Gryffindors after Umbridge went. She, being the smart cookie that she is, kept the shards of glass and I took it to the centaurs who confirmed my suspicions; it was fake. We found out that quite a few people were in on his plan including Ron's mum and sister, he went psycho it was quite amusing actually. When he discovered we had seen through his master plan we were once again obliviated and this summer he deemed it necessary to tell my dear relatives that Sirius, whose status as crazed mass murderer I used as protection, had died which sentenced me to hell. Of course until yesterday I didn't know about all of this, but I had a letter from the beard stating he was terminating my friendship with Ron and Hermione and if I succeeded in my destiny he may allow he to pick that friendship up again; that was when I got angry. My magic snapped everything her had done to me and I was flooded with everything, all the memories the binds the info and I snapped, and allowed by true self come out to play. After the pleasure of watching my uncle kill his own family I killed him, quiet gleefully actually, then I don't know what happened." Harry frowned at the end, the Dark Lord was shocked, even with just one conversation it was obvious Harry Potter was completely different to which he allowed the world to see."Overall you have quite a few issues with Dumbledore." Tom drawled and Harry scoffed."That appears to be a severe understatement," Harry agreed, "There are so many things that I will have to go through, but Dumbledore will pay for this.""What do you plan on doing now?""I want neutrality from the war for me Ron and Hermione for the time being, I have to sort everything out, but it's not to say I wouldn't give you all the information I have on the order I just won't actively help either side.""I can do that." He rose from his chair and Harry took the time to properly look at the man, he liked what he saw."What will it take to have you on my side?" Harry smirked and got to his feet, he walked slowly towards the Dark Lord and the hungry look was more prominent this time. He stopped in front of the man and looked in to the crimson eyes with a crocked grin."Oh I'm sure it wouldn't take too much.""Is that so?""Mmm I'm sure you'll think of something." They were impossibly close now and then there was a knock at the door, Harry heard Voldemort curse under his breath and smirked as he turned away."Come in." Harry called the door opened and in walked Narcissa Malfoy."Mr Potter, My Lord, I have come to run some final checks on you and I have an irate owl swooping around the manor which I believe belongs to you." Harry grinned."Hedwig did find me," He said happily, he released a sharp whistle and the snowy owl flew in and landed on her master's shoulder."Hey girl, I knew you would find me." He told her softly stroking her feathers, she let out a dignified hoot as if to say of course."Yes you are an abnormally intelligent owl.' She looked him in the eye and gave a short nod, Harry smiled."Did your owl just nod?""Yeah, she does that, she has an unusual amount of intelligence even for an owl." Harry said proudly, he looked at the desk and willed perch to appear, a beautiful ebony perch appeared and Harry grinned."There you go girl." She hooted in thanks and swooped down to her new perch nodding in approval."You can run your tests now." Harry said to Narcissa."How did that perch get there?""I wanted it to be there." Harry told the Dark Lord."So you can do wandless magic?""I guess, I just willed it to be there." Harry shrugged, "It's not all that hard.""Harry, Harry, Harry, wandless magic is rare." Voldemort sighed."Really, that explained why no one else could do it then when I tried teaching them.""How did you not know this?" Harry looked at the Dark Lord blankly."Tom," Harry began, "Dumbledore.""Ah of course, well I have Dark Lord things to be doing so I will leave you to be checked over.""Alright, have fun." Harry said with a grin which gained rolled eyes as the man left."Right then Mr Potter stand still.""Harry please, Mrs Malfoy.""Narcissa or Cissa dear," Harry grinned and stood still as she ran her wand over him muttering in Latin."Well your all healed Harry, just don't apply avert pressure to your ribs for a few days.""Thanks Cissa,""You are free to stay here for the remainder of the holidays, Draco would welcome the company I am sure."Thank you, I will take you up on that offer.""Just call for Nippy to show you around and you are able to use your wand as the wards hide it from the ministry.""Ok and again thanks for everything." She smiled and left the room, Harry flopped down on the chair again with a sigh, and he had so much clean up to do now. Pulling his wand, parchment, ink and a quill out her went to the desk and began his letter, all he had to do now was hope it got there in time.Swift & Paws,Lemons been cleaning, mine broke, everything came to light. Snapped and disposed of with pleasure but went blank. Ended up with bleach and healed. The basilisk is human, situation understood, clean up needed, and you need enlightening.Snake.He spelled the parchment with every transfer protection he knew keying them in to his best friend's signature, it would ensure that no matter what Dumbles did it wouldn't work, it would seem as if it had taken effect but they would be safe. Even in code he couldn't afford for the letter to be intercepted so he called for his trust friend."Dobby,""Master Harry Potter called for Dobby sir?""I need you to deliver this letter to Ron and Hermione when they are alone, it is the up most importance that they get this Dobby as soon as possible.""Dobby will not let Master Harry Potter down." The elf took the letter and popped away, Harry began his second letter.Manic & Panic,Safe, major clean up needed, details in person, secure meeting.Snake.Harry gave this to Hedwig for the twins, she swooped out the window and Harry began pacing. If he was to be going back to Hogwarts everything needed to be done and soon, if he was discovered too soon then he was done. They already had begun a case to get rid of Dumbledore, but even that was taking time, Harry remembered their note books hidden in the one place the old fool couldn't get to the CoS, they had the grimiest of dirt on Dumbles in there including his haunting past with one Gellert Grindlewald; it's funny what you can do with fame. After this they were going to destroy Dumbledore, after his reputation was in ruins he was get desperate and then he would lose a duel and be gone, Harry knew eventually they would join the dark they had been saying they would if they were accepted. Obviously there was the fact that Hermione was muggle born, but they had discovered that majority of muggleborns came from squibs and Hermione was one of them so that scrapped that argument, Harry doubted Tom wanted to kill all muggleborns anyway as he was a half blood and if he did well Harry had the urge to slap him for being an idiot; not that he ever would, he wasn't quite suicidal. Apart from that they would fit in well, all three of them had taken to the dark arts at an alarming rate and it didn't take much to sway Ron from his 'all Slytherins and dark magics are evil' to 'look how much power I have and how many people I actually hate' especially when he discovered his mum and Ginny were being paid to betray him and they kept the money for their own selfish reasons, Harry thought that was what finally pushed him over the edge and the youngest Weasley male took to the arts with new vigour swearing he would show them their mistakes. Hermione had been easier to sway, the knowledge she was missing out on made her pick up the first book and the rest was history. Fred and George had always been the black sheep, but Harry didn't find out until 5th year that it was literal, the rest of the DA, which he would rename at the quickest convenience, never knew they were learning borderline dark spells such as 'confringo' but next year they would. Harry didn't even want to think what would happen if the old fool had already gotten to them, he would have to take drastic measures which would alert the old fool which was last of his list of things to do. Harry was gathering in to a building panic when Dobby popped back in with an envelope that Harry tore open and read like it was a lifeline.Snake,Just saved but still solid, lemon tried again, meeting needed, M&P; quiet. Glad you're safe, about time they went, how long did basilisk give and will we fall?Swift & PawsHarry nearly cried in relief; they were fine. The news about the twins was unnerving, but Harry would wait until he heard back from them, he would write back and tell them not to reply until he heard from the twins.Swift & Paws,Basilisk will try and we fall eventually but what's to stop us holding out? Protected the last sheet, do not reply, waiting on M&P.;SnakeSending it with Dobby again Harry pulled out a book from his trunk as he didn't want to do anything particularly strenuous before his ribs were completely healed, he tucked his feet under himself on the leather chair and began reading. It was something from the Black library on offensive hexes and curses, he had learned them all, but it was an interesting read. Harry was so immersed in the book he didn't hear the Dark Lord knock or enter until the man cleared his throat, Harry reacted instantly and fired of several vicious curses which were luckily blocked and Harry looked on wide eyed."Those were particularly nasty." The Dark Lord commented as he entered the room."Sorry about that, I'm a little on edge." Harry said placing his wand back in its holster."Really, I didn't notice." He replied dryly. "Have you got word from your friends?" Harry sat back down."Yes thankfully, I got my letter there just in time as Dumbledore tried again. I'm still waiting from the twins.""Will they join you in the dark?" Voldemort asked and Harry smirked."So sure I'll join?""Of course, I have every intention of winning you over.""Like I said, it shouldn't be too hard and yes they will join me." Harry told him with a grin, the Dark Lord smirked."The Malfoy's hold a summer ball it is to be in a week, will you attend?" Harry's eyes lit up."Who's on the guest list?""The dark families, a few from the ministry which are sympathetic to our cause.""So no one who will go running to Dumbles as soon as they see me?" The Dark Lord merely raised an eyebrow, Harry rolled his eyes."Yes I'll will go, the noble and most ancient house of Black is a dark family after all.""I am presuming you have correct attire." This time it was Harry who raised an eyebrow."Of course," He scoffed, "I know I may have acted like a stupid Gryffindor but I assure you I am not, far from it actually. You will have full witness to how I truly act in a few days if you still doubt me.""Indeed, I will be a wonder to see how much these mask run." Voldemort drawled as he got up to leave and Harry smirked."It won't disappoint, I guarantee." With one last raised eyebrow he swept from the room, Harry stretched and decided he would go and find Draco, the blonde deserved an explanation. The manor was like a maze so he ended up calling for an elf to show him to where Draco was, the blonde was in the library reading something when Harry approached."Hey Draco," Harry sat down across the table."Harry," the relief was obvious, "I thought you were dead for sure, you idiot you scared the living shit in to me!""Yeah sorry about that.""SORRY! You ripped through our wards covered in blood, go psycho, collapse and nearly die on me and you say sorry?" the Malfoy scion exclaimed and Harry grimaced."Ok, so Dumbledore's been manipulating me more than I first thought, turns out he's been obliviating me, Ron and Mione and put a bind on my magic; I snapped." Harry explained the shortened version, Draco was shocked and furious."That bastard, is he insane?""I'm pretty sure he is." Harry said seriously, Draco snorted."Good point, are you coming to the ball?""Of course, it's been a while since I truly came out and play, and I do like to shock people." Harry grinned."Yes you have that characteristic, you have your dress robes correct?" Draco questioned and Harry rolled his eyes."I have many sets of dress robes and if any more people ask me that I swear I'll turn up in red and gold." Harry grumbled."Ok I was just checking, you might have wanted to go shopping, but be prepared, mother will also ask you." Harry sighed."I sometimes hate my masks, they are rather bothersome in situations like these. However, I would more likely be in a worse situation if I didn't have it." Draco nodded and Harry summoned a book from one of the many shelves, he cracked it open as Draco went back to his own. A house elf popped in when Harry was half way through the book announcing dinner was ready and Harry was surprised; he had missed all his meals."I really need to start eating again." He muttered to himself as he followed Draco to the dining room, he ended up sitting next to the Dark Lord who was at the head."Harry, what have you eaten today?" Narcissa asked and he looked at her like a dear in headlights; he was not expecting to be asked."Nothing, I forget to eat, it's been a while." He finally answered deciding he couldn't find anything to cover his freeze, Narcissa narrowed her eyes."I will be monitoring you for the rest of the holidays." Harry just nodded, if she reminded him to eat that would help. They ate in a comfortable atmosphere, there was light conversation about the upcoming ball and just like Draco predicted Narcissa asked about his robes which Harry patiently and kindly explained he had plenty of suitable dress robes."Do you have a duelling or practice room?" Harry asked looking at Lucius."Yes, one of the elves will escort you if you want to use it." Lucius answered and Harry nodded in thanks, he had something to do tomorrow and he needed sleep before he was fully recovered. He excused himself heading for his room and he didn't see the crimson eyes following his every move, Harry changed and collapsed in bed, he knew it was early, but if he slept now he would be fine tomorrow.A/N: Soooooooo, what do you think? I hope you like it, please let me know what you think and if I should continue or not! I have a few more idea's so if its good review and let me know! Thanks,Jessiikaa*
