The first start of my newest fic, one I had been wanting to write for a while now. This story is based off my old fic 'The Hidden Sister', which I deleted last year because I was getting off the plot and straying from the smaller ones. So I decided to switch the plot around a bit for this one.Now then, this will be pretty much self-explanatory so I'm not going to do a full summary like I have for my others. Here's the pairings and warnings:HPxOCDMxOCRWxHG (sometime later)SBxRLRLxLMGinny bashing, slight Ron & Molly bashing, Pansy bashing, evil Narcissa and before anyone freaks out there is mpreg but that's for WAY later in the story, it's mainly mentioning of the gay pairings with a few kisses and all but no descriptive slash.Takes place in 5th year, and I don't own Harry Potter.Enjoy!Malfoy Manor, late September:"Father, are you in here?" Draco Malfoy was pacing the large corridor of his family home searching for his father, when he finally came upon his study door."Come in Draco." Draco entered the room and closed the door behind him."I'm not disturbing you am I?" he knew when his father was in his study it usually meant he didn't want to be disturbed."No, I came in here to escape your mother." Draco scoffed, he knew he'd say that. "Do you need something?""Um yes, did you get a letter this morning?" Lucius shook his head. "That's because mother got it first, it's from Vega." Lucius put down his paper and quill."Vega wrote?""Yes she's coming home remember? She's transferring?" Lucius laughed lowly."Of course I remember, I was just messing with you. Now did you get the letter?" Draco pulled one from his pocket."Mother tried to hide it, but I got it when she wasn't looking." He handed it to him and Lucius read it over."Oh, she's expected to arrive tomorrow at noon. She's also bringing that friend of hers Sabina Sanguine.""Yes she's transferring too, both to Hogwarts." Lucius set down the letter."Why would your mother get the letter without telling me?" Draco knew the reason, but he couldn't say why."Father I honestly don't know, but she wants to pick Vega up and I want to go. You should too.""I was going to, why wouldn't I?""I don't know, I was just making sure." Draco shrugged. "She's been registered right?""Of course I did that just before I came to get you at the end of the term. She'll be sorted after the first years are done.""Think she'll end up in Slytherin?""Possibly, but she could end up in Ravenclaw as smart as she is; Sabina too.""As long as it isn't Hufflepuff or Gryffindor right?" Lucius nodded. "I know, she's been missing me she says." Lucius laughed."I'm sure she is, she is your baby sister after all.""Yeah, so when do we leave tomorrow?""We'll leave at eleven; we'll meet with the Sanguines when they arrive. I'll write to them now." Lucius picked his quill back up and began writing on an empty piece of parchment."Her school supplies are already here?""Indeed so, I ordered them with yours last week. Save us a trip to Diagon Alley.""But what if she wants to go, you know she likes going out." Lucius rolled his eyes. "Father""I know Draco I know, but other than your two friends, us, Dumbledore, Severus, and Cornelius know about her. You know she's hardly mentioned.""Yes but that will change." No one knew about Vega, she was always kept out of the loop because Lucius was afraid of what the other DE's would say if they met her."Well is there anything else?" Draco shook his head."No father, I'll leave you to your business." He turned and left out the door, but just as he reached the end of the corridor his mother came down."Ah Draco, where is your father?""In his study, asked not to be disturbed.""I was going to see if he was busy tomorrow.""He isn't, he got the letter says we'll leave at eleven tomorrow to meet with the Sanguines. Vega will love to see him." Her eyes turned hard, he could tell she wasn't expecting that."I see, well then we will all go.""Of course mother, wouldn't that be good to let Vega see us?""I suppose, well I'll let you go. I have some things I have to do." She took off, but he noticed how stiffly she was walking. She was a dreadful woman, even if she was his mother though she didn't deserve the title. She was the reason his sister stayed so far away, even when she fought his father to get her to go to Hogwarts.'Can't wait to see you Vega.' His little sister would be with him soon, and the start of a new and hopefully good school year would begin for them both. She would be a fourth year, and he would be in his fifth year; and with the war brewing out there, it was bound to be interesting.The next day, King's Cross Station:"Ugh these muggles, where are those girls?" Narcissa had been grumbling the whole time they'd been at the train station. The girls had to take a muggle train to get home, but they had no doubt changed out of their former uniforms to keep appearances up."They'll be here soon Narcissa please be patient." The Sanguines and the Malfoys had been at the station for only twenty minutes and Narcissa was already complaining."We've missed our girl, she's been doing so well and she can't wait to attend Hogwarts." Mrs. Sanguine was as happy as she could be, and who could blame her? Sabina was her only child and despite the wealth her parents had she didn't seem to think much of money."Neither can our Vega, she'll love going to school with her brother." Lucius smiled."Draco!" a happy voice caught his ears and Draco turned seeing a honey-blonde girl come and hug him around the neck. He hugged her back and spun her a little."Hey sis, missed you." She pulled away and he stared into her matching silver eyes, just like his."Papa!" she hugged Lucius, but only nodded at Narcissa. "Mother.""Welcome home sweetheart.""Vega wait for me!" Sabina came their way. Her curled caramel hair bounced as she ran to hug her parents. "Mama! Papa!""Oh honey we missed you.""I missed you too." Chocolate brown eyes twinkled as the smile grew on the heart-shaped face. Vega's round face smiled too, happy for her friend."Alright let's get you girls home, you've got a week before you start a new school and we've got to get you ready.""Yes mama, see you later Vega.""Bye Sabina." The Sanguines left in one direction while the Malfoys left in another. Vega held tight to Draco and Lucius, and Draco was the space between her and their mother. As soon as they stepped outside they stepped into an alley, Lucius pulled a portkey from his robes and they were taken back to Malfoy Manor."Home sweet home." Draco pulled Vega into the living room. "Got your things?" Vega pulled out small items from her skirt pocket and let Lucius enhance them to reveal her trunk and other two bags."Twinkle!" a house elf appeared. "Take Vega's things to her room, and get lunch ready.""Yes master." Two other elves appeared and levitated the bags up the stairs."Now then darling, tell us are you ready to begin Hogwarts?" Narcissa put on a false-sweet tone, which Vega and Draco could see right through."I am mother; I'm imagining a great year." Vega knew about the war, but she knew not to talk about it."Your studies will be good.""Yes father.""We are so proud of you sweetheart, you and Draco have improved very much this year.""Thank you father." They both said."Vega, when you get done unpacking I wish to see you alright?""Whatever for mother?""Oh just a little mother-daughter time, nothing serious." That was a lie, Draco could see it. The usual alone time between Narcissa and Vega always ended badly."Forgive me mother but I was hoping to rest for the rest of the break. Being in France was quite exciting, and though I spent half my summer there I would like to enjoy being at home and relaxing." She put on her cute face, the one that always got Lucius but never her mother."But darling I missed you""Oh let her Cissa, you'll be able to talk to her once she goes to Hogwarts." Lucius smiled. "Go on now, you two go wash up for lunch." They wasted no time going upstairs, and right they reached Vega's room Draco pulled her into his arms."You alright Vega?" she shook her head."That vile woman, I hate her." He stroked her curled honey hair."It'll be alright, father already said she should let you be. You'll be with me at Hogwarts, you'll be safe with me.""Will I go to Slytherin with you?" she pulled away. "I'm smart yes but I'm not cunning.""You are, but if you end up in Ravenclaw or even Gryffindor you'll still be my little sister. Granted father wants you in Slytherin but to me no other house matters as long as it's not Hufflepuff." She giggled. "She won't go near you, just make sure father or I are close by ok?""Right." She nodded. Narcissa was a horrible mother, despite the fact she was good to Draco she had been trying to shape Vega into the ideal daughter, one she could control without complaints. Unfortunately Vega wanted nothing of it, she knew proper etiquette but she didn't use it as often as her parents. Narcissa would get angry with Vega really easily, and used that anger to hit or smack her around when she disobeyed.She didn't deserve to be a mother, least of all a Malfoy. No Malfoy had ever laid a hand on their children; it was immoral to the family. Sadly Lucius didn't know about the abuse, even when Draco told Vega to come forward she refused because she was afraid Lucius wouldn't believe her. Plus every time Narcissa did beat Vega she hit a spot where the marks wouldn't show, and if they did show she'd heal her with magic or potions."This can't continue Vega, if she hits you again I'll have to tell father.""No Draco, he's her husband he wouldn't believe you or me.""He's our father, he'd do something about it.""She doesn't care Draco, but father loves her so I can't." Draco laughed on the inside, the marriage between their parents was rocky, not once had they said a nice word to each other without the kids around."Vega mother and father haven't been nice to each other in years.""What now?" she stared at him."Father, he says she's been horrid lately. Whenever I'm not around she screams at him for nothing, and she's hardly around anymore. She might be cheating.""Would that be grounds for divorce?" Vega had wanted their parents to divorce for years, but sadly Narcissa had kept her activities known so it wasn't much help until now."Possibly, but father can take care of himself. Just stay close to me ok?" Vega nodded and Draco hugged her once more. They washed their hands and Vega pulled her waist long hair back and out of her face; her hair was darker than her family's, probably inherited from her grandmother Adela Vega Malfoy. She may have inherited her grandmother's hair and father's eyes, but her face was that of Narcissa's. Draco was lucky to have taken after Lucius, he had nothing of their mother in him."Let's go." They walked back downstairs to the main dining room, right where their parents were seated at the table."Ah there you are, come on sit down." They took their seats; Draco's being on one side and Vega's on the other. The house elves brought out the food, and they began to eat in silence. "Vega darling, tell us what do you plan to do once you start Hogwarts?""I'm not sure yet father, other than keeping my studies up.""Do you wish to join the Quidditch team?" Vega felt a cold chill run down her spine, and shook her head."I'm more of a watcher, not a player." Vega liked sports, but she wasn't into playing since her 'mother' never allowed it."Well we know who the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher is." Draco pointed out."Isn't that the position that gets a new teacher every year?" Draco nodded at her. "Why not just let Professor Snape take over?" Snape was their godfather, and Vega just adored him."Dumbledore doesn't trust him in that position, since he favors it so much. Dolores Umbridge is teaching this year." Vega stopped eating."Doesn't she work at the Ministry? The Minister's Undersecretary?""Oh yes, and she will be a good teacher. Fudge appointed her himself." Vega didn't look too sure. Draco had only met Umbridge a few times but he knew her enough to see she was rather cruel."Oh, is this because of that Harry Potter scandal?" Draco stared at his sister. "Word travels around fast.""In a way it is, the boy's been all over the prophet as has Dumbledore.""Meddlesome old fool." Draco grumbled."Well hopefully this will be a calm year for us, not really in the mood to be drawn into the spotlight." Vega hated being the center of attention, she always felt like someone wanted something from her when it came to that."Well said sweetheart." Narcissa smiled. "Now eat up, your brother I'm sure has plenty for you to do together." Indeed he did, anything to keep his mother's hands off his sister. Lucius was oblivious but Draco noticed the hard stare coming from their mother's cold blue eyes.'I'll have to make her tell, she can't keep this hidden any longer.'A week later:King's Cross Station, Platform 9  :"Harry come on." A rough summer had passed for Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived. Of course right now he was known as the Boy-Who-Lies, according to the Daily Prophet."I'm coming Mione." He had just said goodbye to his godfather Sirius Black, still a refuge/prisoner in his own home Number 12 Grimmauld Place. Now he was boarding the Hogwarts Express, about to leave for what could be a rough year for him.He and his two friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley were getting their luggage carts in place. He was still mad at Dumbledore, only because he hadn't received word of anything all summer long. He couldn't understand why, but he couldn't ask either. Moody, Tonks, and Remus had escorted them to the train station for protection, since the Ministry was now against him and Dumbledore."Harry!" Harry was so caught up in his own thoughts his trunk tipped over from the trolley and onto another."Oh bugger." Harry lifted his trunk back up, and let the conductor take it."Language Harry.""Leave him Mione, he's stressed.""I am not." Harry followed them onto the train, and found an empty compartment. "I'm not stressed, just thinking a lot lately.""You shouldn't think too much Harry; it's not good for you.""I know Hermione." She was always doing that, but at least she cared. "Oh damn, hold on I forgot something." He got up from his seat and left the compartment. He'd left the picture of the original Order of the Phoenix in his jacket which was in his trunk; he'd slipped it in there by mistake and forgot to get it out. He was in a rush to get to the luggage area he didn't see someone else going the other way."Ow!" whoever it was fell to the floor."Oh I'm sorry, I didn't see you." He held out his hand to help them up, and then noticed that they were a she, a girl and a pretty one at that. She stared up at him, and he took her hand. "Here, I'm sorry.""It's ok, I could tell you were in a rush." She moved her long blonde hair from her face, revealing silver eyes. "Excuse me." she moved past him, and he noticed that her uniform didn't have a house symbol on it. Was she new?He disregarded the thoughts and went back to the luggage area, found his trunk, and quickly got his jacket back. The photo was still in the pocket, so he put the jacket on and ran back to the compartment where Ron and Hermione were waiting."Hey you got your jacket." Ron points out the obvious."Yeah, it had this inside." He pulled out the picture and sat down by the window. The whistle blew and the train slowly moved down the tracks, but for some reason that girl was stuck in Harry's mind. "Uh Hermione?""Yes Harry?""Hashas there been any talk of new students coming?"It's a start, but hopefully a good one. Next chapter will be up sometime later this week, I need to update two other fics and I have a test and a paper to start.Just so you know, Sabina's character is a fictional character for my fic friend AnnaBoleyna1536, all hers.R&R;Later!
