Chapter 1Ayla leaned over her textbook, taking copious notes on the section she had just read on the Battle of Hogwarts, absentmindedly tracing the rough scar on her shoulder with her fingertips. She shut the book entitled Hogwarts, A History: 2019 Edition and made her way towards the door of her large bedroom, pulling the sleeve of her shirt back over her torn apart shoulder. The short, thin, raven-haired girl made her way to the kitchen and picked up her Hogwarts letter off the marble countertop, admiring the dark red ink on the parchment, inhaling the scent of the worn paper. Her excitement quickly turned to annoyance as she peered into the small basket next to the door and saw that her mother's keys were still missing. Tomorrow was her first day at Hogwarts and her mother hadn't come home in weeks. Ayla hadn't even gotten a chance to tell her yet. She had called her countless times on her cell phone and swore that if she heard her mother's voicemail one more time, she might just punch a hole in the perfectly painted walls of her mansion.She heard the sounds of footsteps clicking towards her and she turned to see David, her family's butler, approaching her."Are you all packed for the big day tomorrow?" he asked and a broad grin spread across Ayla's face as she became distracted from her mother."Yeah," she answered, beaming. "I can't wait.""I'll bet," he said, returning the grin. "Hey, I know that you know this already, but I care about you, do I have to tell you."Ayla looked at him deeply, bracing herself for an emotional conversation."You've been through a lot," he began and Ayla looked down, sighing. "And you're the strongest person I know," he continued. "Just make sure you don't let anyone get to you. You are an incredible kid, Ayla. Never forget that, kiddo. You know I love you, right?"Ayla nodded, understanding exactly what he meant despite the vague way he had phrased his speech so as to avoid bringing up any of the tragic events in the past. "Thanks, David. I love you, too."Ayla stepped forward and hugged the man who was the closest to a father that she had ever had.He looked into her eyes. "You're so strong, sweetheart. No one would ever guess by looking at you everything you've been through." He looked around at the mansion that surrounded him. "Looking at the way you live, you'd think that you were lucky. But""I am lucky," Ayla interrupted. "I'm lucky to have people like you in my life. Sure, I've been through some stuff, but I've got some great people by my side." He didn't answer and she relented. "Yeah, but money isn't everything," she admitted quietly.David nodded sadly and pulled her in for one more hug. Over his shoulder, Ayla's eyes settled once more on the empty key basket that proved her mother was still out.I should be used to it by now, Ayla thought, but I have to say I'm not.Ayla checked her watch as David unloaded her luggage from Hayden's trunk. It was 10:47 AM and she had thirteen minutes to catch the Hogwarts Express. As David set the final piece of luggage on the trolley, he and Hayden both turned to her somewhat awkwardly."Well, I guess I'm off," she said softly, drifting slightly towards her luggage.Hayden smiled sadly and leaned down to hug her tightly. "I'm so proud of you, Ayla. I know you'll do great at Hogwarts.""Thanks, Hayden," she thanked her driver. She turned back to David. "Bye, David," she said quietly, and hugged him as well.She checked her watch again, looking around King's Cross Station as the three of them fell silent. She rose onto her tiptoes, straining her neck and searching around the crowd."You're looking for her, aren't you?" Hayden asked softly and Ayla looked up at him, ready to deny it. But the look in his eyes told her that it was no use. He already knew she had hoped her mother would show up even before she knew herself.Ayla lowered herself back down, looking disappointed. She shrugged slightly. "Well, I'll, um, I'll head to the train."She rose onto her tiptoes again to hug both of them together, then grabbed her trolley and pushed it towards the brick barrier that she had read about so many times. Before reaching it, she turned, smiling softly, and waved to Hayden and David, who both smiled bracingly and waved back. She closed her eyes, turned back to the barrier and dashed through it, holding her breath in fear. She glided through it with ease, feeling no pain whatsoever. A breath of relief escaped her throat as she made her way toward the train.Ayla nervously boarder the train, lugging her bags with her. She stopped at the first empty compartment she saw and entered through the glass doors, pushing the bags up onto the high shelves above the windows. She collapsed onto the plush red seats, closing her eyes momentarily and running her hands through her hair. As her hand neared her neck, she felt the protruding scar on the side of her neck below her earlobe and winced slightly at the memories this triggered. She shook her head and pushed the thought out of her head, focusing on the excitement she felt for the year ahead of her. She found herself grinning as she thought of Hogwarts castle. She hardly noticed the knock on the compartment door, and turned as she heard the glass sliding aside. A shy looking girl with fiery red hair stood in the doorway."Hi," she said quietly. "Do you mind if I sit here?""Sure!" Ayla exclaimed sweetly, sitting up straighter. "I'm Ayla Torres-Almendarez.""I'm Lily Potter." She stepped aside to reveal the boy behind her. "This is my cousin, Hugo."Hugo waved. "Hey.""Are you guys first years?" Ayla asked and they both nodded fervently, the fear becoming visible on their faces. "Me too," Ayla said, inhaling deeply.There was another knock on the compartment door. This time, a boy with light brown hair was standing in the doorway."Hi," he said. "I'm Liam Taylor. Do you mind if I join you?"Ayla slid over to make room for him and he sat next to her. The other three introduced themselves to him, and they all lapsed into silence for a moment."So, what are you guys?" Liam asked. "Pure-blood, half-blood?""I'm muggle born," Ayla answered first."Pure-blood," Lily and Hugo answered together."I'm half-blood," Liam told them. "My mom knew my dad was" he began, but was interrupted by the compartment door opening again. He leapt up when he saw who was in the doorway.The boy in the doorway lunged towards him, throwing his arms around him and clapping him on the back."Yo, man, what's up?" Liam cried, smacking the other boy's shoulder."Not much, it's been forever, dude!"Liam turned back to the others in the compartment. "This is my best friend, Bradley Cade." He covered his mouth with his hand jokingly. "Don't worry, you'll get used to his being an ass."Bradley scowled playfully and leapt onto his friend's back, mussing his air and putting him in a head lock. Liam attempted to throw him off as the others laughed at their brotherly wrestling.The two of them sat down after a heated wrestling match that ended in a fit of laughter, flopping onto the seats next to Ayla.Ayla twisted her head to look out the window as they pulled away from King's Cross Station. With one last lingering wave to Hayden and David, she left her home life and the horrors of her past back in London.Just for a little, she told herself. Just for a little, you can escape your problems. 
