Chapter oneDisclaimer: I don't own hp and all that jazz.(my first fanfiction for this site, let me know what you think please J )She was free at last. Exhausted, hungry, cold and dirty as heck, but free none the less. She pulled her small jacket tighter around her, her only defense from the cold while hiking up the small bag she carried on her shoulder. That was the good thing about barely owning anything, it made running away so much easier, she had only needed to check once before leaving to make sure she had everything. At a noise behind her she jumped and sank into the darkness of the deserted street, her fingers reaching for the locket around her neck as if of their own accord. She held her breath and the locket until she saw a stray cat run out of the alley, she breathed a sigh of relief and slumped against the wall, exhaustion and fear getting the better of her. She had no idea where she was going but anywhere was better than where she was coming from, if only she had a wand.A small cry of surprise escaped her lips as she felt something rub against her leg, "oh it's just you." She said to the stray cat who had given her freight earlier, she scratched the top of its head and it began to purr "easy to please aren't you?" she asked, smiling for the first time in what felt like weeks. "I'm Rebecca and you are?" the cat sat and stared at her with its yellow eyes, it was black and skinny, obviously starved for food as well as attention and comfort, much like she was. "I'm gonna call you willow, you're my new travelling" she broke off abruptly at the sound of a crash in the back of the alley willow had just exited."You trying to wake up the whole place?!" shouted a man's voice angrily"You're not doing any better!" another voice repliedRebecca felt as if someone had doused her in ice cold water, she recognized those voices. How had they found her so quickly surely she covered her tracks well? Fear, anger and determination driving her she jumped to her feet and grabbing willow, who was sauntering off in the opposite direction, she ran as if the devil was at her heels. The twist and turns she took became a blur to her, fear rose and quickly got the better of her as it seemed no matter where turned their voices were behind her."Oh no!" she cried as she tuned into a dead end alley, there was nowhere in it to hide except a large dumpster. She didn't even stop to think, throwing back the lid she dived into the dumpster, it had not been emptied in a while. Willow jumped out of her hand and went garbage diving. The tears that had threatened for so long finally came, she was a fool to have ever believed she could escape them sobs racked her body as defeat and humiliation sank in, she clasped the locket around her neck as if it was a life preserver keeping her afloat in the traitorous waters that was her life. Rocking slowly back and forth she whispered to herself "I just want to be safe, somewhere safe, somewhere safe..." as the sound of footsteps outside got louder she rocked faster and faster. The locket got warm in her hands, and warmer and warmer, frightened she froze and tried to let go but found she could not. There was a sudden jerk behind her naval and she was pulled forth into darkness, spinning uncontrollably her hand stuck to her locket. Then suddenly as if someone had dropped her out of the ceiling, she was deposited into a room the likes she had never seen before. The ceiling was the night sky, and candles floated in it, four long tables laden with food lined the room and sitting around them were wide eyed, open mouthed unusually dressed children staring ather. With a small moan she turned and saw a giant of a man coming towards her while a row of strangely dressed stared on as well. Exhaustion, hunger and fear finally got the best of her as her new surroundings disappeared and she sank into the welcomed darkness.
