Love and MagicDeionDisclaimer: I do not own harry potter if I did Ginny would have died in the second book, and Hermione would be killed.Warning: Slash; Mpreg; Adult Situations; Violence, Dumbledore bashing, Hermione bashing, Ginny and molly bashing. Dark! Creature! Dom! Harry. Grey! Creature! Sub! Draco; Au, Non conPairings: *top/bottom* HP/DM, LM/SS, TR/JP, RW/OC, OC/RL, minor HP/GW, RW/HGA/N: Harry is a Dom in all my Hp fanfic as I am tired of him always being a sub. If you do not like Dom harry then leave this story and find a new one. There are millions of fanfic with Sub harry. Also in my stories Draco is always a Sub so do not ask me to change it. As I will not change anything in my Story Harry Dom, Draco Sub get over it. This is also a Male on Male story. So if you do not like Male on Male then do not read. You have been warned and Flames will be used to keep my dog warm at night. For those who have not hit the back button. Thank you and I hope you enjoy.~ DeionChapter 1On the start of a new day of July, at the potter manor, Tom riddle was pacing in front of the door. He was a man in his Fifties, and was still as handsome as ever, unlike what other knew. Tom wore glamour when he went out on raids so he would not bring unwanted attion to his mate. He stood at 6'1 with a lean, medium muscle built with slick back jet black hair that started to grey at the temples. A few age lines were around his dark, black eyes, giving him a sophisticated business man look. Behind him, the door open which caused his pacing to stop."My lord the baby is a healthy, strong boy." The Med-nurse said. Quickly, he rushed passed the nurse into the bedroom. Over in the corner an old hunched woman stood over the child whipping the child off."Yauga how is James?" Aged grey eyes looked up at him, as she finished washing the child."The child and your mate are fine. James is just resting." Yauga was an old witch who lives in the middle of the woods in a cabin. She was a wise old lady, short in stature, and was one not to be fooled. Most in the village confused her as the mythical Baba Yaga. Tom did not trust St. Mungo's, as they could take his child away from him. So like many he went to Yaga to help delivery his child."Can I see my son?" The dark lord asked wanting to see his new heir, and pride."I need to finish checking him over." She was the only one tom allowed, besides James, to tell him off. Quickly, she ran scans on the child."The babe is healthy, and strong. Also he is a creature it seems." She said with a smile. Black eyes widen."A creature what kind?" He knew about how some lines a child would be born a creature, from two wizards."He is one of the dragon race." She added starting to pack her bag. "So he must have got it from James side of the family." As far as he knew only Vampires and Dark Elves were on his side of the family."Well, he will need to be trained when he comes of age. If not he will cause lots of destructions." Nodding, Tom watched the hag leave, as he walked to the crib. Looking up at him were eerie, bright green eyes the color of the killing curse. The bright green eyes were silted much like a cat or Serpent. Small pointed ears stuck out from his hair, as well as two ebony colored button horns. Small fangs poked over the lips, while a line of scales started at the corner of his eyes, down the side of his, to down his back. Out from the blanket was a short, muscled tail that had a small think of hair at the tip."Hello, my son." Tom whispered picking up the newborn, smiling a real smile as he felt the child move in his arms."You know his name is Hydrus." The older male looked over to his mate, who was looking at him with tired eyes. James was worn out still, and his abdomen was sore."You need your rest love." Tom said walking to the bed. On James stomach was a fresh cut, which was sewn back tightly together."Are there stitches on the inside too?" James smiled at his lover, before shaking his head."No, she had Vampire saliva on her and used it to complete heal the inside cuts." Nodding, the dark lord sat down next to the other with the child. Seeing his mate wanting to hold the child, Tom handed the baby over to his carrier."Hello, my little hydrus." James said petting the thick, messy black hair. Much like James the child had a thick head of hair, which looked like a bird nest."He has your hair." Tom said watching the small clawed hand grip his finger."Yes he does." Wrapping his arms around his lover, tom laid his head on the messy, black hair."Thank you." The dark lord whispered causing James to smile. Inside the room the family sat enjoying their time as a new family.~LMSS~Elsewhere, at Spinner's End a six month pregnant Severus was packing his stuff. Yesterday, he got back from seeing a seer who had told him about his unborn child. One would ask how the Severus Snape could get anyone to sleep with him. Well, a few months ago there was a ball held, and he drank too much. Their Lucius proclaimed his love for the ravenett before he took the man to bed. Wakening up Severus knew it was not right, as he could never have the blond. So he ran and has been avoiding the blond for months. Tom knew what had happen and allowed Severus to miss the meetings when he found out the potion master was carrying. Lucius did not know about the child he was carrying and Severus liked it that way. Besides, with what the seer said he will have to give his beloved child away.*Flash back with Seer* Severus sat on the pillow in front of an old gypsy witch, who fixed her bangles before going to work, a crystal ball sat on a jeweled stand, fog slowly swirling in side of it. "Can you tell me of my Childs future?" Severus asked wanting to see if his child would be happy."That is a high order, young one. Though for the right price I can do it." Nodding, Severus took out the few coins he had saved up. Placing them on the table he watched the lady start to count them."I'm willing to pay." He replied as the gypsy nodded before turning to look into the crystal ball. "Now let's seeOh, my child is indeed special. Born of a very rare race. He shall be strong, but the down side is you cannot raise the young one." She said as finished looking into the ball."Why is that?" He was surprised she would say that. All he had was the child growing inside of him."A child born of a rare race, with unbelievable power must be trained by the makers of the worlds." He was confused at the women rambling. "So I will never see my son again." He whispered in a sad tone."I did not say that. Bring the babe to this addressthere he will be taken in by a power long forgotten. When the child has grown it will return to you." She replied, picking up the coins she handed them back. "Here is your payment. Just knowing that magic will welcome a race long forgotten is enough payment." *End Flashback*"You are going to be great my child." He said rubbing the round stomach. On his arm the dark marker started to burn signaling the dark lord calling a meeting. Most likely to show everyone the new prince. Promising Tom he would show up at the child meeting, Severus placed a strong glamour on himself to hide his bump, before apparition.The potion master then appeared in the foyer of the potter manor. Taking a deep breath to clam his unborn child, Severus opened the main door. Inside all the other death eaters turned to look at him, before turning back to their lord, who was carrying a bundle. Walking forward the ravenett turned to see golden eyes looking at him then to his hidden stomach. Instantly he put a protective arm over his stomach, before speeding up. Greyback didn't do anything but bow slightly, before looking at the newborn."My followers today I bring before you, your future prince, Hydrus Vipera Riddle-Potter." Tom said looking back to his lover who was slightly limping in. Handing, baby Hydrus to his lover, the older wizard summoned a chair for his mate. "You all may come and take a look at him" He then said helping the other sit. Each death eater stood in a line waiting to see the new dark prince.~LMSS~Lucius looked down at the son of the dark lord, future of the Death Eaters. He knew the boy will be powerful, and vowed to follow his every word."He has very bright eyes my lord." Narcissa replied. The Malfoy had to agree the eyes were very bright, nearly surpassing the killing curse. Looking closer he saw that the child was born as a creature"My lord" Lucius started before the dark lord glanced at him. He knew his wife was just as surprised."Yes, lucius?" Tom said watching the blond turn his eyes down."Nothing, my lord." He knew the dark lord would explain later, to his inner circle.Tom watched as Greyback sniffed the child on full alert. "Do not worry my lord; I will not harm the young prince. Going against a dragon especially a newborn is not on my bucket list." Tom nodded, knowing he could almost trust the werewolf. Looking at the baby, he saw the child staring down the werewolf.James on the other hand knew he will not worry. Creatures are most likely to get along with each other then with wizards. He heard Yauga tell tom their son was born a dragon huminoded. That alone would keep other creatures from attacking his son. Most people thought creatures were wild, uncontrollable, but in reality they had a system. Werewolf's and vampires were in the same category which is why they fought a lot. While Dragons, especially imperial, are above the common creatures. As they are uncommon and stronger werewolves tend to stay away from them. Next, in line was Severus, who was still eyeing the wolf."Severus." Tom said with a nodded knowing the man could not stand for long. When James was pregnant he could barely stand a minute."My lord." He said bowing his head. Black eyes looked at the hidden baby bump."He looks like he is growing well." Tom stated lowly so no one else could hear."Yes, my lord. Every day he finds another organ to kick." Severus said earning a smile from James. He knew how bad it could get; his Hydrus always kicked his bladder. They looked at the baby who stopped moving and looked the same place his father looked. All three men were confused, by the baby's actions."Severus I would like to see you in my study when this is over." Tom said knowing he needed to talk to Severus later."Yes, my lord." He bowed walking away, green eyes following him. Though the stare did not unnerve him, all he wanted to do was sit, as his child decided to play kickball with his stomach. 'How do most women stand it?' He thought as he felt another jab. After that everyone else continued to greet the new prince, and gave praise to the new parents.~TRJP~Hazel eyes watched as everyone left the meeting room, heading home as the meeting was over. "I'm going to put Hydrus to his crib, while you go talk to Severus." During, James' six year at Hogwarts, him and Severus, called a truce as James became the lover of tom. Sirius and Remus were the only two to know of his relationship, which much to his surprised they accepted. The dark lord nodded kissing the child's head."I'll be there soon, love." James smiled walking out the door with the child curled into his chest. Out in the hall narcissa had waited for him."Ah, potter I would like to talk to you." He coldly, stared at her with a frown. Not happy at how the women had the nerve to stop him, with his husband not around."Yes?" "As parents we should make the best decision for our offspring. So I advice we sign a marriage contract between drake, and Hydrus." James knew this would be coming up. As purebloods like to build stronger families, most will make contracts between children."No, me and tom plan for Hydrus to marry someone he can stand, and love." Hazel eyes glared at her. "Not to use him as a pawn for some money, hungry pureblood." With that he turned leaving a fuming narcissa behind.~HPDM~Down the hall, Tom opened his study door to see Severus sitting down. A house elf was serving him tea, though he never told the elf to do it. Tom then relized even the house elf was acting funny around the pregnant potion master."Banky what are you doing?" The house elf bowed when her master addressed her. Not fearing him at all, like she did."Banky was just making sure young one, and carrier got something to drink." She replied bowing to her master."Alright, dismissed." He commanded, not really angry. Tom now knew how precious a child is."Yes, my lord banky is leaving now." In a pop the skinny, elf was gone. Tom held his hand up when the other tried to stand."Sit Severus, I'm sure your legs are tired." He said in a kinder voice. After James, Severus was his most trusted death eater."Thank you my lord." Severus said glad to be off his feet. Each day it was harder, and harder to stand long periods."Its tom when we are alone Severus." The ravenett looked unsure."Thank you tom." Severus was one of the very few followers he trusted. Sitting, down he summoned a glass and fire whisky."Now, Severus tell me why the house elves and werewolves are acting uncommonly." There Severus told the older wizard everything the seer gypsy had told him."Though why did prince Hydrus acted the way the other creatures did?" Black eyes looked into even darker ones."Hydrus was born with dragon blood, from James side." This really did not come as a surprise to the potion master. Every pureblood family had at least one type of creatures in it to keep the magic strong. Severus own mother had vampire in her line. "With Hydrus being a dragon, he most likely saw my Childs aurora." Severus commented."Yes, that is the most likely reason. How about we engage the two, as when they turn eighteen they shall marry?" Black eyes looked down out his bulging stomach. He really didn't want his son to be forced into a loveless marriage."I would like to wait till he is older, and is brought back to our world.""I understand maybe in the future both will meet, and marry." Though both knew that it was most likely true, that the boys were destined for each other.Lucius was walking to the dark lord's study when he spotted his secret crush walking out of the room. On the contrary to what people believed, the blond was very much in love with the other. That night when he took the other to his bed, he was not drunk. He knew it was cruel, but he wanted to other badly. Severus may not be the most beautiful person on earth but he was perfect to lucius."Severus." He called out watching as the other stiffed, the others hand going on his stomach."Lucius." The potion master finally said not looking at the other. In the door Tom looked between the two."Yes, lucius." Tom asked giving the potion master time to slip away. As the blond talked to the lord, Severus quietly walked away.*Fast forward to October 31*On a cold, Halloween night Severus was soon giving birth. He laid on the small cot Yauga had prepared. Earlier news of the downfall of the dark lord reached the old witches ears, but so far she did not know what happen to the young prince. She turned her attion back to the heavily pregnant potion master."Now, settle down the potion should kick in soon." After a minute or two she went to work on getting the child out.~TRJP~In an abandon building, hidden in the muggle world, James held his child close. He knew the order was just a few blocks away, hot on his heels."I'm sorry my little one, but I cannot have them using all your strength." Pricking his figure on a broken bottle, he made blood symbols on the baby's head."Occulta Sui. Please, my son forget your inner self." He whispered watching the blood glow before fading. As a minute went by silted eyes widen to look more human, much like the pointed ears. Horns faded back into the head, as the tail and scales disappeared. As the transformation finished, Dumbledore blasted into the room."James potter you are under arrest for aiding the darkest wizard of all times." Shacklebolt said binding the other arms as Molly took Hydrus."Albus look at this." She said holding the child in Dumbledore's view. Shacklebolt lifted the other shirt to revel a slightly faded scar."So Tom managed to impregnate you." Dumbledore stated, drawing a low growl from James."Yes, Hydrus is tom's child and mine as well. You will never be able to use him for your war." James replied glaring at the older wizard."Put him in Azkaban. His sentence is life." Dumbledore said before walking away with the order."One day Dumbledore you will fall, and I hope to still be alive when you do." James threatens as they took him away.~HPDM~In a world, not of the wizarding or muggle world, an old woman sat on a wooden throne. She sat straight, and graceful, much like a queen. Her hair was a soft, pepper and salt colored, a little more pepper. A crown of vines sat on her head, which was held in a bun. Dark, forest green eyes opened, a small smile making it to her face.'So the new prince is born.' She thought to herself as she felt the magic welcoming a rare creature. "Deila." The women called. Next to her a tall, amazons women walked to the front and bowed. A sword was tied to her barley covered body."Yes, Mother Earth?" The amazon guard asked."Do go and tell my daughter to pick up the new prince." Nodding, the women disappeared in a flurry of leaves.~HPDM~In the small cottage, Severus held his newborn child close. After he was stitched back up, Yauga cleaned the child. The potion master named him Draco Abraxas Snape, Abraxas after Lucius father. Draco was a little small for a newborn at 5lbs, 1 oz and 17 inches. Thin, soft, newborn white hair sat on the small head, while wide quick silver-red eyes looked up at him. Severus knew his sons features will show more when he got older, but the potion master could tell he would be a very, beautiful child. For now he looked like a little angel, with small, pink lips. Cubby hands held the figure of its carrier, where Severus saw a small rose with a baby snake wrap around it."Yauga what is this?" Severus asked showing her the small tattoo."It's like a birthmark, proving his statues as a Submissive breeder. I haven't seen on like that in 200 years." She commented, knowing the child would have to be watched. Many looked for submissive breeds, and sell them for high prices.Nodding, Severus held his child not worrying about it, as this could be the last he see his child, until he was eleven. He would have to wait, knowing he could get away. Severus was a spy for the dark lord, while letting Dumbledore thinks he was his spy. Every information he gave to the old wizard, was what the dark lord wanted him to give. Though he would be able to roam free, his life would be empty without his child. It would also be best for the baby, so the ministry do not get their hands on him.Elsewhere, Deila arrived in the small town of Hallow hill. It was a small, towns were many monsters, and creatures lived without mortal. Even a few witches and wizards who left their world lived here in peace. Walking up to the tall, towering cheatu the amazon knocked on the door. The giant doors open to reveal a skeleton butler. "May I help you?" It asked her."I need to talk to lady Serenity." Opening the door wider, a skeleton arm clad in a tuxedo signaled the women in. He then proceeded to lead Deila to the study."My master awaits for you." Thanking the butler, she walked in. Behind the desk sat drop dead beauiful women, with an hour glass figure. Long platinum blond hair was held in a high pony tail, with bangs falling into her face. Her ivory skin gave her a sweet, fragile look if it was not for her cold, soul less sliver purple eyes."Yes, Deila what has my mother sent you here to say?" She asked in a monotone voice, never looking up from her book."Lady Gaia wanted me to tell you to get your sisters and pick up the new prince." Closing the book, she sighed. Serenity knew the child was born, as she has not felt this power in a long time."I will grab Sky and Comet. You may leave now Deila." The amazon bowed before disappearing, to get back to her job as a guardian.~HPDM~Severus stood in front of a small, cottage of the written address. Placing the basket down, with the baby in it, he smiled sadly."I love you my dragon, and maybe we will meet again." Reaching, behind him, he unclipped the hidden necklace. It was a family heirloom on his mother side. A bright, shiny ruby was surrounded by a thin, silver vine design with a small black onyx hanging from it. He them placed it with the baby, giving the child on last kiss before disappearing, tears in his eyes. Never seeing three women stepping from behind the cottage.It was still late into the night, nearing the next morning as the three watched the man disappeared. Walking to the basket three pairs of eyes looked into the basket where the child was sleepy soundly."This must be the child?" Tall, beautiful women commented in an indifferent tone. Sky potter, vampire queen and second daughter of mother earth. She was quiet women with messy, wild medium length black hair, and empty blood red eyes. Her skin, unlike most vampires, was slightly tan due to her ability to with stand sunlight longer than other. Bending down the angel picked up the infant, who woke up at the movement."A vampric angel, submissive breeder to." She commented with a grin."Aw, he is so adorable!" The third, loudest sister exclaimed. Comet black was third daughter of mother earth, and a wolf demon. She looked like a female version of Sirius black, only with tan skin and hour glass body."So what is his name?""Mother said it was Draco, Draco Gaia." Comet smiled at the baby."Well, Draco welcome to the dysfunctional family." Comet stated, earning a glare from the other two.~HPDM~In little whinging, surrey, Dumbledore walked down the road of privet drive. He planned to pass the child as lily Evans son, who sadly died during the war, like his mother. Walking up the sidewalk quietly he placed the infant on the steps with a note. Before he left he saw bright, green eyes glaring at him, though he thought he imaged it. Ringing the door bell he disappeared, as it opened.'Hopefully, when the child turned ten, he could be the perfect weapon.'Well there is chapter 1. Chapter two starts eleven years later, and the trip to Hogwarts. After that it goes through second to Sixth year. R&R;
