A/N: Okay, so things have changed around a bit, but please read on, and if you like it, then read on and you will find everything you need to know at the bottom hopefully, but if not, then review or pm me with a question, and I'll do my best to answer it! ENJOY :)Chapter OneI haven't always been invisible.There was a time when I was surrounded by people who loved me, cared for me, and I regret not appreciating them to my full ability while they were around; though I was only 3 years old, so I can't blame myself too much. Now, everything's different. Not only am I shunned by majority of the orphanage because of my apparent 'strangeness', not my words I assure you, but I am also mute. I bet loads of you are wondering what could've possibly happened to make me this way, maybe labeling me pathetic or weak because of this, and in reality, not much did happen to me. I didn't witness a murder, or see a dead body, or get hit by a car and loose half my brain cells or any other ridiculous theories you may have.No.I just lost my family. Well, specifically my father. As a small, impressionable toddler, I looked up to my father. My mother was never around, and I never wondered where or who she was. I had my father to compensate. He was my best friend. He was always there for me, no matter the circumstance, until one day, he wasn't.I always hoped, even when transported to this horrific orphanage, that he'd still come back to me. As a child I'd have very elaborate dreams, and day dreams, where he would swoop in on a horse holding a sword, and would scoop me up in his arms, when we would then ride off into the sunset and we'd live happily ever after, (as you can tell, I used to watch fantasy and cartoon films a lot, usually because the older kids had control over the remote).As I got to the age of eight or nine, just two or three years ago, I matured quite a lot when one of the mean kids here taunted me about how no one loved me, and how I would probably grow up here before they kicked me onto the streets at 16, all the while knowing I'd die within weeks, if not days. That one comment forced me to face reality.That never stops me from reliving that night though. The last night I saw my father. Looking back at that night, I remember having a lingering feeling, but I had automatically pushed it aside, my infant mind not really understanding what it meant at the time. However now, I understand the feeling completely, still getting it often when around the other kids here, or sometimes when I'm alone in my room at night.It was Halloween, and I was staying with Uncle Moony since Daddy was at work. It went as every other night with Uncle Moony went. We watched muggle tv shows, and Moony was reading Sleeping Beauty to me, when Daddy burst through the fireplace in a rush of green smoke. I looked up from Moony's shoulder to see Daddy's shoulders go slack with what looked like relief. I quickly jumped off Moony's lap and ran to hug Daddy's legs."Daddy! Are you staying for the sleepover, Daddy? Moony might even let you sleep in his bed with us if you do Daddy!" I exclaimed happily, grinning up at him. He returned my grin with a weak smile, and immediately mine dropped, the bad feeling that had been lingering in my stomach all night, returning with full force. I held up my arms to signal that I wanted to be held and he picked me up, shifting me and balancing me on his hip.As I settled on his hip, I looked up into his face and saw he had a frown and was mouthing something to Moony. Burying my face in his shoulder, I hugged myself closer to him."What's wrong, Daddy?" I asked, resting my head on his shoulder, looking at him."Nothing Princess, nothing you need to be worrying about," he replied softly. Seeing the sad frown still on his face, I reached up and took my lily flower hair clip from my fringe, and clipped it into his hair. I had treasured the precious clip since my Aunt Lily had given it to much for my third birthday just weeks ago.Turning to face my Daddy again, I grinned, "Now you'll be happy, Daddy because it always makes me smile.""Thank you Princess," Daddy says, smiling, before saying, "I need to go now Princess, but I love you, and I'll see you soon. Okay?" He smiles before pouting and pointing to his lips, gesturing for a goodbye kiss that I always willingly gave."I love you too, Daddy!" I reply, giving him a last kiss and hug, before he disappeared through the fireplace.Little did three-year-old me know, but that was the last time I ever saw my dear old Daddy, even though I wished for him every day.Just days later, official looking people arrived at Uncle Moony's. I had been staying there, waiting for father to return. It seemed like Uncle Moony had been tense and anxious the whole time, and when he saw them, seemed to sigh like he had been expecting them to appear eventually.I had been distraught when my father hadn't been there the next day to pick up like usual, and Uncle Moony seemed worried as well for a while, but then the fluffy birds, which I since learned were owls, arrived and when he read the three letters he'd received, he looked angry and sad.As the officials packed my things and took my from my Uncle Moony's arms, I vaguely remember crying and trying to get back to him, but they were much too strong for me, and all Uncle Moony did was watch with a sad look on his face, looking far too resigned for it to comfort me at all. I even vaguely remember trying to smash the car windows with my small, weak fists as they locked the doors and drove off, watching as a tall, stern woman approached my Moony and hugged him as his tears trailed down his cheeks.I'd like to think that now if I saw him, or the woman, I would recognise him, but I'm not even sure I would anymore. I hardly remember him. The only things I remember is his eyes. They were usually a light brown colour, and they always looked so kind. I know you're probably thinking 'usually?!', and yes, I meant to say that. You see, for a day or two of the month, his eyes would become more of an amber colour than brown, and although at the time I never questioned it, I have asked myself the question why many times since, but then again that's not weird, as I seem to ask myself a lot of questions about the past nowadays!Anyway, now I've rambled about my past for the past 1200 words, or there about, I'll tell you a little bit about my physical appearance and my personality, since I'm not based just on the past you know.I wouldn't say I'm the prettiest girl in the world, not by a long shot, but I wouldn't call myself ugly either. I'd rather say I'm one of those girls that inbetween. I am quite short, measuring up at 4ft 5", but remember I'm only eleven, so I have plenty of time to grow! I hope at least. I also have curly black hair, which falls at my waist, and I have light grey eyes, both of these things I inherited from my father. My face is quite angular, but has a certain softness to it, which I can't really describe to you, but I'm sure you'd understand if you saw me!Now my personality is another thing all together. I'd like to think that if I wasn't mute, then I would have quite an outgoing personality. However, to most people, I seem withdrawn and shy, though many would say I'm kind, although many of those people are the adults here at Sunny Hills Orphanage, or are the teachers at Sunny Hill Primary School (I am sure you're recognizing a trend in the names here, this just demonstrates the unoriginality I have to put up with here!). Now, to myself, I'm quite witty I would say, and sarcasm is a definite in my own brain, but I can't really communicate that to other people, due to me being mute of course, or had you forgotten?! I'm joking of course, I know you haven't forgotten, no one ever does.Anyway, enough about me, I better get on with the story, so let me end on some dramatic line, and then I'll begin.My name is Arianna Black, and this is my crazy, kind of dramatic story about how everything starts to turn around, and actually improve for onceOoops, not so dramatic, but never mind eh? I really can't be bothered to think up another line, and these Hogwarts beds are so darn comfy that I'm falling asleep even as I write this so enjoy?A/N: Hello again everyone! So you may have realised that this isn't technically a new chapter, but I went to write a second chapter, and realised I couldn't really do that without being 100% sure about the first. So, I've spent a few days thinking, getting new ideas changed, and though the main story will be the same one I imagined so many months ago, I have changed a few basic details, like the name, and her personality quite drastically has changed. I am sorry if this is not what you expected, or the kind of stories you like, but if that is the case, then you can unfollow or just simply click off the page and go check out some other stories!However, if you did like this new chapter, then please, review and let me know, and I will always appreciate ideas you may like my to incorporate in my story, so if you have any, then let me know and if I like them, then I'll try to work them in! Also, if you want to keep track of my updates, then please don't forget to follow. It makes things a lot easier.Anyway, I will see you all in a few days with a new chapter!no surprise!x
