Riddle and His LadyPrologueIf one was to ask the former Head Boy of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, what his aspirations were for the future, he would most certainly reply, with a most charming smile: "A teaching position at the most prestigious school in the wizarding world, of course." And yes, although this was the case to a certain extent, one would never have believed looking at such a handsome, intelligent young man that he would one day become the most feared wizard in history.It was clear to one girl, at least, that this faade the charismatic former Head Boy feigned to each person he saw, was just that; a faade. Unlike others, she could see through his wit and charm right to his twisted heart. This, tragically, was too late after she had been introduced to him unfortunately. Too late after she had come to know him, come to share her time with him, share secrets with him that she came to discover would help him immensely Too late after she had come to care for him, and even love him. One cannot blame the, usually rather bright, girl for her slip. She was surely not to know she had made friends with a boy who would come to target her in the future, and murder the people around her. But he adored her utterly. He loved her intelligence, the fire in her belly, the sheer power of her magic. It made his finger tips tingle and his magic crackle with anticipation, the endless possibilities she could offer. Not only did he like her, he needed her. He craved her.Now, he wasn't everything the rumours suggested. Over time, rumours are manipulated of course but don't let that fool you into thinking he didn't have cruelness running through his veins. Of course he did. He just didn't show it. Especially towards women; he could charm any lady into submission. He could charm any lady into giving him what he wanted and he could frighten any man into staying faithful to him. And to begin with it was the same case with that girl, she couldn't possibly resist his Marlon Brando smile. Utterly irresistible to any woman. Nor could she stop herself from melting at his deep eyes of Lapis Lazuli.Now, how a girl of such modern thinking and frankly outrageous fashion sense appeared in the chambers of the former Head Boy, wearing slippers and an apron with the words "kiss the chef" printed in large letters, was most certainly a mystery; even to Tom Riddle.This is my new story, folks. Yes, I have previously published this prologue but it needed some tweaks so I published it all over again.Please read and review, thank you :)-Buckbeak
