Chapter OneDisclaimer: J.K. Rowling owns the wonderful Harry Potter series and the characters, places... I do not. Since this story has only an OC added, not much will change, except for when she is older and will make a bigger impact on the story line. In other words, some people will be saying and doing the same things as they do in the books.Warning: This will be Americanized. I am from the US and therefore speak and write a different type of English than what is used in the UK. If anyone feels inclined to make it more British, let me know because if I tried that, I would probably fail at it.Now that that is out of the way, on with the story and be nice; this is my first one.The tongue of snakes will appear again.Her father from the House of lions.Her mother will have the power that has been dead in her line for centuries.She will be born in dark times.Her twin brother will be hailed the Chosen One.She will have powers that have not existed for many centuries.The prophesy a Seer gave Ember Slytherin, Squib ancestor of Lily Evans, in 1622."Vernon!" Petunia Dursley screeched on November first, 1981 after opening her front door and seeing two bundles on the doorstep.Vernon Dursley came running at his wife's screech. "What's wrong, my dear?"She shakily pointed to the two bundles on the doorstep. "We should bring them in before the neighbors see them." They each grabbed an infant and brought them inside. They then noticed the letter that was with the boy.After reading the letter, Petunia commented, "So, we're stuck with them. Well, the boy can have Dudley's cast-offs. The girl's going to be expensive, though...""The letter only talks about protecting the boy," Vernon reminded his wife. "Maybe we should drop the girl off at an orphanage.""That sounds like a good idea to me."September 2nd, 1985 (The first is a Sunday.)Rose Lily Potter was nervous. It was her first day of school. The people at the orphanage told her she was lucky to be able to go the school, not all orphans got that chance. The orphanage she lived in was an older one, predating World War Two, and in desperate need of repairs. The room she was given was said to be haunted. There were tales of a strange boy that lived there in the 1930s and 1940s. Rose knew she was different too, but decided to hide it so others would accept her.She saw a small, skinny, black-haired, green-eyed boy that looked alot like her hiding under a slide. She walked up to him, sat down next to him, and asked, "Why are you hiding under a slide?""I'm hiding from my cousin," he replied."I'm Rose Potter."He was shocked before answering, "Harry Potter.""Do you think we could be related?" she asked him. "My parents were Lily and James Potter.""So were mine. But if you're my sister, why don't we live together? I live with our aunt and uncle. Where do you live?""Wool's Orphanage," she replied. "At least we'll see each other in class."Unknown to them at the time, after a few days of kindergarten, the teachers would move Rose up to first grade claiming she would learn nothing new in kindergarten and it would just be a waste of time. After all, that would be one less year of school having to be paid for. Rose and Harry did not see much of each other for the next five years due to them being in different grades. The year after that they did not see each other at all because Rose was now in middle school. The next time they saw each other was August first, 1991.
