Note: This is just an intro which explains why the world is so horrible in my story.This is just an intro. The prologue comes later. If you want to read more of this story REVIEW!Introduction:The world we know of is just one of the many universes. Every choice diverges the universe greatly and every choice has consequences.Kill one hundred men and things only change a little. Kill the right two people and the very aftershocks will change the course of history itself. It doesn't matter how or why. It doesn't matter how significant. The fact remains that by killing one man you change everything.In this world that is the case.October 12th, 1984. That was the day the world changed. The First Female Prime Minister was assassinated. The method of use was a hotel bombing. Twelve people dead, nearly a hundred injured. The assassin had done his job and was paid appropriately. Now normally such actions would not have caused much problems. Despite the fact that the prime minister had been killed, it was just one of the many in history and many more to come.No what truly changed the world happened a few days later.October 17st, 1984. Just five days after the death of the Prime Minister, who was ending his term to be exact, was killed.The weapon of choice  A point .500 Calibre Nitro Express through the skull from 2013 meters away. The President had been on his way to the funeral of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He had step foot on the UK. He died at 10: 11 a.m., thirty seven minutes after he had entered the country.The perpetrator was never found. Any form of information that could be used to find the assassin was never learned who killed the president was never revealed. The perpetrator has somehow vanished into thin air. But the two deaths they were responsible for had shook the world to the core.After all, if the two most powerful and well-guarded people could be killed so easily how secure were they? It is the question people across the world asked themselves. The same question every thought that echoed across the world in the minds of every individual.The aftershocks were predictable. Immigration tightened, security for important figures increased and the selling of arms skyrocketed and people panicked. However in another part of the world, the criminal underworld flourished and profited. With genuine reason to collect protection, new mafias and gangs rose up overnight. Mercenary armies were being trained in unprecedented numbers and well trained assassins found themselves being fought over like wolves.No one trusted the government to protect them. They had failed the leaders in the people's eyes. They had failed the world. The people's trust in government vanished. In turn the very employees of their respective governments began to believe that they were truly powerless.The world had changed. With two deaths the world would never be the same.But that's the story of the world. Ours begins with a five year old boy in a street-fight.It has been decades since those two deaths changed the world. It has been decades since every citizen has taken up arms. It has been decades as the world starts the long burn which will spiral itself into chaos and Anarchy. It will be decades but none of us who live long enough will find ourselves waking up from this nightmare.Simply putThe optimist thinks this is the best world to live. The pessimist fears it is.Author's Note: By the way I actually do listen to reviewers. Someone pointed out how using historical figures were counterproductive followed by a detailed explanation and I have to say. I agree. I appologise to all the readers who were insulted when I did name proper historical figures. Please accept my apologies and READ AND REVIEW!
