Memoriesby: Snarky GrangerAN: This is my first adventure into the world of PuppyBooks, which is a ship of Hermione/Sirius/Remus. If you don't like, then don't read. I dedicate this to .tfls, Thanks, SnarkyHermione was at the National Wizarding Cemetery kneeing in front of a joint headstone. She laid down two red roses in front of it. The names on the stone are Remus Lupin and Sirius Black. Remus died last year in the Final Battle and Hermione, with the help from Harry, was able to add Sirius's name to the headstone. Sirius died two years before Remus. 'I am so glad that I wasn't awake when Sirius went through the veil. I might have followed him.' Hermione thought to herself. She remembered talking to Remus about it after she was released from the Hospital Wing. He said the only reason that he didn't try to go after Sirius was Harry and her. He had to hold Harry back. He knew that she needed him through their bond.She would always remember how that happened. It was the end of the third year. Remus had called her into his office before he left the school grounds. When she arrived, he closed the door. He then told her that his wolf side of him mated with her scent that night that he changed in front of her and the boys. Hermione was shocked at first. When she looked into his eyes, she saw the sad look. "Why the sad face, Remus? You just surprised me. Can I have some time to think about this?" Hermione asked.Remus nodded his head and said, "Yes, that is fine. Oh, there is one other thing that I should tell you before you think this over." He looked into her eyes, and could tell that her interest was pique with the slight tilt of the head. "Sirius is my other bond mate, which is why I was surprised that the wolf side reacted towards you." Hermione's eyes grew big. Remus sighed at her reaction. "I will try to give you the summer to think things over." Hermione nodded in relief. She left his office shortly afterwards, and went straight to the Library to research wolf bonds.During the summer, Hermione did a lot of thinking. When Dumbledore asked her to go to the safe house, she readily agreed without asking where. She didn't realize that it was Sirius's place. Once she got there and settled in, she went to see if there was a library in the place. When she walked in, she got a surprise. She found Remus and Sirius in a heated lip-lock, which turned her on from the intensity. The men stopped when they heard a gasp from someone. When they turned their heads, they saw that it was Hermione. When they looked into her eyes, they saw the desire in them. They got off the large ornate desk. They were laying on it while kissing each other madly. They walked towards her. Remus could smell her heady scent and so could Sirius from his Animagus form. Remus silently shut the door with his wand and locked it. "Hello Hermione. We weren't expecting you just yet. What a lovely surprise," Remus said as they went on either side of her. Hermione groaned when she realized that she could smell their manly scent off of each other. "So I have a question for you. Have you thought about what we talked about before we departed from the school?" Hermione nodded.Sirius gently brushed her hair to the side so he could smell her lovely scent of vanilla and lavender. He looked up at Remus with his eyes flushed with desire and saw that Remus's eyes were too. Hermione leaned back into Sirius and tilted her head to one side so he could smell her better. Remus's eyes pierced into Hermione's dark chocolate brown eyes. She shivered from the smoldering look. She glanced back at Sirius and saw that his eyes went to a smoky grey. She slightly turned toward Sirius and asked, "Do you really want me, a young bucktoothed, bushy haired girl?"Sirius peered into her eyes and said, "Hell Yeah. You are a beautiful, intelligent young woman. I would love to get to know you better, Hermione. Please don't doubt us. We have come to adore you, and we want to be able to love you with time." Hermione looked back at Remus, and saw his head nodding in agreement."Really? Wow. I would love to get to know you both better." Hermione stated to both of them. The two gentlemen come closer to her for a group hug, which led to some kissing.Hermione snapped out of her daydream with tears rolling down her face. She caressed the names on the headstones and softly whispered, "I love you both so much and I miss you two terribly. I hope that you are watching over me and not disappointed in me." There was a sudden gust of wind that whipped through her hair. Hermione looked up into the sky and smiled. She got up and wiped the tears off her face. She turned around and saw Harry standing there. He opened his arms wide to show that he wanted to give her comfort. She ran into them crying from her heartbreak."Let me take care of you, Hermione." Harry said to his best friend. Hermione nodded into his chest. "Let's go out for a quick bite to eat somewhere in London. We will be able to talk freely without the press following us around." Hermione looked up at him and smiled. She took his hand and they apparated out of the cemetery together.
