Summary: She appeared as nothing but a dream, but a haunting one. A strange woman appears into Severus Snape's dreams, as it haunts him until he sees her. A young girl arriving in her first year at Hogwarts with a rare gift that will lead her to her fate...One that may cost the future of the Magical World. Disclaimer: I don't own anything Harry Potter! Just my characterP.S.- First time doing this so wish me luck! and some hints and advice~ THANK YOU! Chapter 1: A dream or a beautiful nightmare?Sunlight...Laughter?...It was a bright summer day with garden that had flowers in full bloom. A man stood by the window looking outside as he hears the sound of a door opening behind him. He turn to see a beautiful little girl with black wavy hair flowing as she ran."Daddy!"The little girl ran into his arms as he scoops her up. He gives a smile as he gently brushes away a strand of her hair, to see her heart shaped, pale face. He looks at her eyes to see green eyes staring back at him, as she gives a youthful smile. The little girl giggles as she wraps her arms around his neck.This must be a dream...but a pleasant one...His smile grew as he walks with his daughter in his arms to the garden to see if the woman that he had loved for so long was there. He opens the door as he sets his daughter down to allow her to run to her mother."Mommy!"He averted his eyes from the girl to see...This must be a mistake...This must be wrong!The girl ran to a slender, petite woman as she turns to look at the girl. The woman picks the girl up and laughs as she speaks in a soft, melodic voice. Her hair was a soft warm, brown, almost golden in the sunlight. Her lovely waves went down to her waist as she flickers her eyes up at him."Severus..." her voice said in a soft tone.No!Severus Snape woke up in the morning as he hears an owl knocking on his window. He scowls as he gets up to open the window, taking the letter around it's leg. He rewarded the owl with a small treat as he sent it away.Dear Severus,I would like to talk to you in my office to talk to you about some important matters to discuss. Meet me there around midnight... We have much to discuss tonight.-AlbusHe looks at the note and quickly tosses it away. He sends his reply that he would be there by floo as he gets up to take a quick shower, and dressed in his usual black robes. He walked out of his room to his office. He sits down as he looks down at his desk to see lesson plans for this year.Nothing but insufferable children! All but a bunch of idiotic, imbeciles that are-He stopped in the middle of his thought as he remembered those eyes...That little girl that called daddy. He leans back in his seat as he sighs thinking deep and hard.That child...such a beautiful little girl that looked a bit like me yet...her eyes...She had those wonderful green eyes but...He jerks up from his seat slightly as he sits up and opens his drawer to take out an old picture of a girl with red ginger hair and the most beautiful green eyes. Her smile melted his heart as he caressed the picture and whispers..."Lily..."But those green eyes from his dream were not her. No the woman's green eyes were not lily's, they were too green, like an emerald forest with highlights of other green colors. He shook his head as he looks back at lily's eyes and whispers"No...I will only love you...my sweet Lily..."He knew he would never meet this other woman, as he laughs to himself cynically. He continued to work at his lessons plans until it was almost midnight and gets up to head over to the headmaster's office, as he removes the mysterious woman from his mind. Little does he know that his mysterious woman will not appear to her that way...But later as a student.
