Okay so this is angst so it's kinda of sad, but I'm going to try and make it an overall happy ending, not for everyone of course but for some. I'm warning you now, Neville is going to go through a lot of heartache, and blame himself for things that aren't actually his fault, but in the end he is with the person I always thought he should have been with. Mind you, you'll have to wait and see who that is ;) I'm thinking this is going to be short probably 4-5 chapters. Anyways, please reviewChapter 1- Losing HerNeville watched from the back row as the only woman he's ever loved walked down the aisle. He imagined it was him up there, he imagined it was him she was walking towards, a vision in white, an angelic smile on her face. A single tear fell from his face as she walked towards Rolf. He saw the happiness in Rolf's eyes, the love, and when Luna walked past him, he saw it mirrored in hers. Luna loved Neville with everything in his heart, and because of that, he knew he couldn't be selfish with her. He knew she would be happy with Rolf, and that was all he could ever want for her. If she was happy, he would commit himself to being alone. He knew he couldn't ever love anyone as much as he loved her, but he wouldn't get in the way of her happiness."Neville?" he turned his head softly, as Hannah placed a hand on his shoulder. She sat beside him, smiling softly. Hannah had been a good friend to him over the years, she'd had always been faithfully by his side. Whenever Malfoy and his cronies had tried to target him, Hannah had been there to help him fight them off, when Luna wasn't. She was his best friend."You really love her don't you?" Neville nodded his head sadly, looking into Hannah's kind brown eyes. "Then don't let her do this Neville. Don't let her marry someone else. Tell her how much you love her, go up there and sweep her off her feet. Don't let her get away, you know you'll regret it later.""But look at her Hannah, she looks so.. happy. I haven't seen her this happy since the war. He's what makes her happy, he's what she wants. If I get in the way of that, then I'm being selfish. And I love her too much to take away her chance at happiness." Hannah smiled sadly, and took his hand in hers."You're a good friend Neville. But you're almost too kind for your own good. Where's that Gryffindor courage? Get up there and tell her how you feel! And if she chooses to marry Rolf anyways, then that's her loss! Any girl would be lucky to have you Neville. Luna just doesn't know you love her. So gather up your courage and win her back. You killed Voldemort's snake, you defied him to his face, surely not letting the love of your life turn her back on you is easier than all of that." Neville shook his head sadly,"It's not that simple, Han""And why on Earth shouldn't it be?" Neville was about to respond when he heard the minister speak those words. The words that could change everything,"If anyone has a reason why these two should not be wed, speak now, or forever hold your peace." Neville felt an inner turmoil within himself, he looked up at Luna to see her look right into his eyes. She sent him a sad smile, as if knowing he wasn't going to say anything, and turned her attention back to Rolf. Neville looked at Hannah, who was glaring at him sternly. Neville stood up, but the minister didn't see him, he was hidden in the back. Hannah gave him a shove forward, and he stumbled into the aisle. He took a step forward, and realised that he was too late. They were already exchanging vows. Neville sat back beside Hannah, unable to stop the silent tears that fell from his eyes as he watched Luna kiss her new husband. Hannah grabbed his hand, giving it a firm squeeze. He reached up and wiped at his eyes, knowing it was his fault. If he'd only had the courage to tell her sooner, he might not have lost her. And in that moment, he knew Hannah was right, this was something he was going to regret for the rest of his life.
