**Written for the All Sorts of Love Competition: OTP, the Diagon Alley Fic Crawl Challenge: Rosa Lee's Teabag, the Set Pairing Boot Camp and the Pairing Diversity Boot Camp: walk. This is also my submission for Harry Potter in the 5, 10, 20, 50, 70, 100 Fandoms Challenge, of which I'm attempting to write for 10 different fandoms.**A.N - Written for my darling Montley who ships Shavender just as much as I do. I hope you like it.Waltzing Beneath the Stars'Lav! Don't make me go. Please?' whined Seamus. He looked pleadingly into Lavender's eyes, but only received a contempt glance in return.'You're going, Seamus, I've told you this. The Anniversary Ball is a tradition nowadays, you can't just skip it because West Ham are playing!' The couple were in the middle of the process of getting ready for the ball: Lavender was sauntering around their bedroom in little more than her underwear and Seamus was fiddling with a bow tie.'Don't blame me, blame Dean. He got me into the damn muggle game,' shrugged Seamus, as he threw down the tie on frustration. 'How on Earth do these goddam things work anyway?''Ok, babe, I won't blame you... if you go to the Ball?''Ah, you caught me.' Seamus smirked at his girlfriend. 'But I am not dancing.''Oh, I think you'll find you are. Besides, you look handsome in a dicky-bow.' Lavender cut off his protestations with a kiss to his mouth. Eager to get lost in the kiss, Seamus didn't even attempt to rectify the situation he was now seemingly in. In fact, he didn't even think about it again until he took tentative steps into the Great Hall.It was understated, as usual, but in a beautiful way. It wasn't an evening for mourning, but for celebration. However the loss always lingered in the air.More than a few pleasant hours had passed, but Seamus was beginning to feel uncomfortable; his bow tie was ridiculously tight around his neck and his crisp, white shirt was starting to rub around his arms. Not to mention his constant fear that Lavender was going to bring him to his feet to dance at any moment. He looked towards his girlfriend, who was looking stunning in a royal blue dress, and smiled. She turned and returned the smile from the other side of the room, by the drinks stall. He still looked long after she had turned away.The night was beginning to draw to a close. Some of the families with young children were making their way towards the floo and the house elves could be seen collecting any rubbish left by the patrons. Seamus was still sitting in the same spot as he had been earlier; Lavender bad been milling around with the many guests, and he'd had no inclination to small talk with people who barely remembered him for anything but the stupid risks he took in their seventh year.Eventually she walked back to him, with a champagne glass in her hand and a glint in her eye. Seamus raised his eyebrow when she extended her hand. 'Isn't it meant to be the other way round? Aren't I meant to ask you to dance?''Well, you're not going to are you?' she giggled. She was a little tipsy, and Seamus knew that nothing would stop her now.'We'll see about that,' he winked. 'Lavender, may I have this dance?''Of course,' she said. She blushed as Seamus led her to the floor.'Now we're here, you're going to have to tell me what to do.''Oh Shay, you're terrible. Have you really never been taught how to waltz?' Seamus gestured to himself and gave her a look that clearly said did you really just ask me that? 'Come on, it's easy. Take my hand and hold my waist... yeah, just like that. Now, take a step forward with your left foot... your left foot, Seamus, that's your right.''Oh yeah, sorry.''Honestly,' she muttered. 'Now take a step to your right, and bring your other foot to... good! Now do the same but opposite.''So do the same... but differently?' asked Seamus. 'No wonder this is so hard!''Oh, shush you, you're doing fine actually. Left, right, together, right, left, together... In time with the actual music might be nice, Shay.' His only response was a grunt. 'Did I hit a spot there, babe?' Lavender asked teasingly, with a smirk. He grinned back and began to twirl her round, faster and faster until the outside world was just a blur.Lavender leaned in but Seamus met her halfway. They stopped rotating, both deeply involved in the kiss.It was simple.It was beautiful.It was them.Around them the lights dimmed, and the band began to play a slow, romantic song.'I love you so much, Seamus,' whispered Lavender, after they broke apart.'And I you,' replied Seamus. 'Miss Lavender Brown.' She sighed contently and leant her head against his shoulder, just happy to be in his hold whilst he gently swayed from side to side.It was just the two of them there on the dance floor, lost in a world that dreams were made of.
