Summary:Chapter 1:Aurora PovA blood curdling screamed interrupted my conversation with my twin sister. We smirked to each other; father must have found new prey. "Think of it Roxanne! While everyone is downstairs in the dungeon, we could practice our potion making. We need to progress more in that field before we fail." Roxanne's perfectly manicured index finger pressed to my pinker than pink lips. "Do not say that word! Our legacy depends on this. And we do not fail!" Once she took her finger off my lips I popped them, and then finally settled with a pout. "Oh boy! Didn't you see the vision? We should get dressed! I want to collect some more herbs for our studies today while Father is at the meeting." The meeting she was talking about was the meeting between the dark lords. Every few nights when Father has the meeting, me and Roxie venture out to the forbidden forest to collect more, harder to get herbs. Our parents are very protective but it's nice to sneak out once in a while to get them. It's all quite fun, well to us anyway, and I get to meet old, and make new friends too.Roxanne sat up off the soft silk bed and strode to the mirror. I did the same. We are identical twins, with the same long, silky brown ringlets that hang pass our hips, grey eyes with specks of blue and green in them, smooth curves, and a sharp attitude! Mother and Father say that we are very unique. Mother insisted on my finest clothes and so here I am, with a pink, puffy princess dress that makes me feel, dare I say, enchanting? I mean, I always knew that I was beautiful. My friends, servants, and family always tell me. Even strangers! Roxanne had a beautiful baby blue dress that hugged her curves in a childish way. Adorable, I would say. Lips purses in a playful manner we added a few diamond accessories to our outfits. Humming a soft tune to myself I twirled a piece of hair between my fingers as Roxanne added one last bracelet to her arm collection.Tucked gently in my favorite white boots that surprisingly went well with the dress, was my wand. Mother had gotten my wand polished just last week and it glowed a soft pink whenever it was used. I grabbed my white fur coat. Imported all the way from Italy. Locking arms we skipped nonchalantly down the hallway. We had to keep our 'Forbidden Forest' visits a secret. I mean, to any normal, goody twos shoes wizard the forest is dangerous, a death sentence. But to our side, it's freedom. A chance where we can show our true selves. On our way we passed Emily, a death eater. She nodded curtly at both of us and continued on her way. Never really liked that woman. She spends all her time kissing up to father and the spare time she has glaring daggers and hating us. Most people say she's just bitter but Roxanne and I aren't stupid! She has a huge crush on father but he'd rather die than spend two minutes in a relationship with her. Told me himself!When Roxie and I reached the door separating the castle from the outer world, we took one last look around. In this castle, you can never be too careful. My small, fingers wrapped around the handle, and with one large tug, the doors creaked open slowly, revealing the Forbidden Forest. Most of the forest is dark and scary but if you know where to find them, there are beautiful and less lethal places to visit. "Where should we go?" Roxie whispered. Sometimes, Father trails the forest, so we have to be careful not to run into him. He's almost caught us twice already, but we're too smart for him. I gestured to the Red Roses path. Roxanne had come up with the name, for the trail leads to a beautiful garden filled with plump, blood red roses. I myself think that it is very unfitting for the things you'd find on the path. Father had tried to get pass the creatures guarding the garden once, but hadn't been able to get pass Fang. The giant furry dog that we had come across.Every night, a huge burly giant comes into the forest, to do Well I don't know. He does whatever he wants I guess. He might be working, but all I know about him is that he carries a large archery kit, and carries that large dog around. I've heard the giant man, call the dog Fang. At some point in the night, he lets the dog run around by itself. When that happens. Me and my sister like to play with him. He looks vicious but he's a real softy in his fur. In my opinion, it looks more like a werewolf than a dog, but whatever. I grabbed Roxanne's hand and ran down the path. Speeding up at the slightest sound. We both laughed when our dresses swirled in the cool night air."Why does Mother always insist that we wear our finest dresses wherever we go?" I signed as she picked a twig off her skirt. "Because, Mother doesn't feel complete without a dress? Oh I don't know." After a long pause I spoke again. "Or maybe she wants us to look pretty for our future husbands. Whoever they are! Hey maybe you could be with Draco Malfoy!" I squealed. Draco Malfoy and his family always visit our castle. I know for a fact that Roxie has a crush on him, because whenever he's around, her cheeks get redder than a Tomato. Roxie stopped in her tracks and whipped her head to the left. "What?" Silence. "What is it?" More silence. Now I was getting mad. Right when I was about to scream at her to move her feet, she said, "Is it just me, or is there something following us?" The tire tracks in my head turned around. We looked around and at first we couldn't see anything. It was silent on the luscious, grass field. The leaves in the distance shook silently in the wind. The full moon shone brightly, lighting our way and highlighting any spare shadows. You'd never expect danger in this place. So we were very surprised when a booming voice and a matching body to go with it came out of the bushes behind us."What do you two young ladies doing out here?" The cool, natural atmosphere disintegrated and the night sky was filled with two high pitched screams. We 'Two young ladies' didn't wait a second in trying to get away. We didn't even wait to figure out who it was. Tree's blurred by when I barreled past them. Whoever it was yelled stuff like 'Stop' and 'No one's going to hurt you' but we ran as fast as we could. He was gaining on us and we had gone a long way off. My lungs burned, my legs were cramped, and I all but collapsed from exhaustion when I felt two long, strong arms wrapped around me and Roxie's waist. We put up a weak fight that lasted about two seconds but I went limp, and started to pant. Damn oxygen. Once I caught my breath, I looked at the man who had caught us and gasped. It was the giant man the one that always brings Fang. Once he was sure that we weren't going to run away he put us down. "What are you two girls doing here? The forbidden forest is off limit to students." I stayed silent. Opening my mouth and then closing it like a fish. Nothing has ever happened like this to us. Roxie, seeing that I couldn't speak, tried to explain to this oaf that we are not students. "Collecting flowers for our potions." It was a weak excuse, I know, terrible, but it didn't really matter did it. We were in big trouble. He sighed."Come with me ladies. Can't have you two wandering around here at night. Or anytime really. See girls, at Hogwarts, we have these things called rules," Okay. I need to interrupt, or there's a really good chance he's going to drag us back to Hogwarts, or something. "Um sir. Doesn't Hogwarts not open for another month?" Silly big guy. We've gotten our letters of acceptance to Hogwarts long ago. But school wouldn't be starting for a month. This will be our first year. "Yes. But we'll need to find a way to contact your mum and dad." Uh huh. Roxanne's head whipped towards mine, her eyes were as big as bowling balls. They can't contact our parents, were supposed to be a secret! And we snuck out! "You can't!" I squealed. "Our parents will literal kill us! And we're supposed to be secretive. Okay. Just here us out Mr. Giant-""Follow me, and then you can try to convince me not to call your parents." He started to walk away, and we followed. I liked this giant. He seemed so jolly, and funny, kinda like Santa! "Okay, you can call me Hagrid. What's your ladies name? Hagrid, how fitting. "I'm Roxanne, but most people call me Roxie, and that's Aurora. Just Aurora. Hagrid is a funny name. How did you get so tall? Where did you get Fang? How did you-" Jeez. "One question at a time Roxanne!" If no one stopped her, she could go on talking for hours. That's the thing I like about her. Well, most of the time, other times she's annoying. We were close to the fence now, I could tell. So I decided to tell the truth. Well most of it anyway. "Well, we live in the forest, you see, and our parents had to go to a meeting, and so we snuck out of our rooms to pick herbs. But, you caught us, and now were walking down the path to, well I don't know." "You both live here?" He said, as if it was unheard of. I mean like, we're not the only wizard family living in the "Where around here do you live? I've never heard of any homes around here. It's too dangerous." "That's why we're getting herbs! It's ingredients for new spells and potions, and rituals. I mean, the forbidden forest isn't off limits until we start school right?" Praying he was going to agree. He laughed. Ugh, is that all this guy does? "Guess your right. So what now?" Wait a minute "Are you the grounds keeper at Hogwarts? I think I've heard of you." He perked up. "Yeah, so are you both students?" "Well next month I will be. This is our first year,"} ZRoxanne tripped over a fern bush. "Be careful Roxie. " I noticed that the moon seemed pretty huge and bright. Normally, that means that fathers meeting is over. Father always checks on us after his meeting. FATHER ALWAYS CHECKS ON US AFTER HIS MEETINGS! "Well Hagrid, it was nice meeting you, but we must be going now, goodbye and, we'll be seeing you in a month?" Oh no. Father will be so angry. "Oh ah yes. See you two later. Dumbledore be wanting to see me. See you later Ms. Roxie and Aurora." And with that he strolled down the path towards the castle. Hmm. "Roxanne, let's go now. Father is down his meeting. I can feel it." Roxanne grabbed my hand and we barreled past the trees again. Pass the tree with my favorite flowers, pass the rose gardens, and right into our gate.Roxanne grabbed the huge double doors and threw them open. My jaw must have hit the floor because we were now facing our very shocked looking Father! Shoot. "Girls?" Okay now he looks angry. "We can explain?" Roxie's bell voice chimed in. "What were you doing in the forest when you were supposed to be in bed? Everyone is worried. Your Mother is having a break down and what, happened to your dresses?" With large snake like eyes, burning into mine he leaned forward and whispered. "Aurora, you are supposed to be a big girl! You to Roxanne. Go to your rooms, and don't come out till morning. I have some, big news for you both.Roxanne and I spoke, the words we did whenever we got in trouble, which wasn't very often. "Yes Father Voldemort." And with that, we scurried off to our rooms.
