A/N: I've had this written for ages (sometime around the beginning of 2010) and never got around to posting it because it's not a finished work. Fleur and Hermione were really my first love when I started writing femslash and just because I've been writing Quinntana for the last little bit, doesn't mean I've forgotten about them. This is a work in progress and I don't have a lot of time to write anymore, so updates won't be too frequent. I'd love to know what you think of it.AT LONG LASTCHAPTER 1: OPENING UP"I will take care of 'er, do not fret," Fleur told Ron as she pushed him gently out of the room. He shot a murderous glance at her as she closed the door in his face.Fleur turned around and stared at the trembling witch on the bed. Sadness filled her at the sight. Hermione had just been brought back by Ron from the Malfoy mansion after suffering the Cruciatus curse too many times to count.Many wizards and witches had succumbed to the powerful spell after experiencing it just once. Not only had Hermione Granger survived getting hit several times, but she had been able to lie to Bellatrix Lastrange convincingly. Fleur's admiration for her grew tenfold. It astonished the blonde just how strong willed and trustworthy the younger witch was.While they had never been what one would call friends, she knew enough about the brunette to respect and admire her. Being a Muggle born didn't take anything away from her. If anything, it made her even more admirable. She knew Harry and Ron were worried about her well being and Fleur had offered to help while they took care of Dobby. It was only right. Luna Lovegood, as shaken as she had been, also offered to help them, as well as Dean.She wasn't sure how Hermione would take to being taken care of by someone she didn't like or trust, but she was the only woman in the house other than Luna and it didn't seem right to let Ron or any of the others take care of her.So far, Hermione had not woken up. She was lying on her side, trembling slightly and whimpering softly every now and then. Not sure if waking her up would be helpful, Fleur rinsed a soft cloth in warm water and pressed it against the younger witch's forehead. She had added a few drops of lavender extract to the water to see if it would relax her. Hermione seemed to calm down noticeably as she continued to wipe the grime and sweat from her face as gently as she could.Her features more relaxed, Fleur was able to stare at her unabashedly and noticed, not for the first time, that the brunette was quite pretty. A few freckles adorned her nose and her eyelashes were long and plentiful. Her slightly parted lips were full, with the bottom one being a little plumper.A perfectly kissable mouth, Fleur thought suddenly.Not sure where the thought had come from, she shook her head as if to clear it and continued what she was doing. Making sure to be careful, she pushed Hermione onto her back and cast a quick spell on her to make her sleep for a few minutes until Fleur was done. Once she was sure Hermione was in a deep sleep, she levitated her and removed her soiled clothing.Again, and as carefully as she could, she washed Hermione's body with the warm water making sure she was as clean as possible. In the back of her mind she knew a quick scurgifying spell would have taken care of the situation, but she thought it best not to use any more magic on the brunette than she already had. Her body had been through an awful ordeal and Fleur would be damned if she added to it.When she had finished, she took one of her soft gowns and dressed Hermione in it. It would not do for the younger witch to wake up disoriented in the middle of the night, alone and naked. After lowering her back down, Fleur covered her body with a blanket and ran her finger softly down Hermione's cheek. She placed a robe at the bottom of the bed right before she turned to leave."Rest now, mon amie."Fleur turned off the light and left the room quietly.0-0The minute she stepped out, Ron came barreling down the hallway, but before he could utter a single word, Fleur lifted a delicate hand and pointed back towards where he had come. Getting the message loud and clear, her turned around and stomped back down the hallway. Fleur followed at a more sedate pace.When they reached the living room, she noticed that everyone was gathered there."She's sleeping peacefully for now," she informed them before a question could be asked."Do you think she'll sleep for the rest of the night?" Harry asked worriedly. "Not that there is much left of the night.""I'm not sure. Why do you ask?""I don't want to bury Dobby unless she is present. She'll never forgive me if I do," he tried to explain past the lump on his throat."Can it wait a couple of hours?" Bill asked from his seat."I suppose so.""I want to see her. I should be there when she wakes up," Ron said as he paced back and forth in front of the fireplace."Non!" Fleur exclaimed. "You will wake 'er and zere is no need for zat. 'Ermione needs to rest as much as possible. She just went 'zrough a 'orrible ordeal.""Fleur is right, Ron. Let Hermione rest," Luna pleaded."Hmmph," was all that came out of his mouth. He sat down and decided to sulk."I'm going to go outside and start digging the grave," Harry said as he got up."I'll help," Bill offered. "What Dobby did was noble and he deserves a proper burial.""I want to help, too. We're out of that hideous dungeon thanks to him," Luna added softly while a small shudder ran through her slight body.Dean got up as well and stood next to Harry. "I'm in.""I'll stay here in case Hermione wakes up," Ron insisted.Bill was having none of it, however. "Fleur is here and she will call us as soon as Hermione wakes. Better yet, if Hermione is up to it, Fleur can tell her where we are and she can come and join us.""Fine!" Ron spat as he followed the others outside, muttering under his breath the entire time.0-0Once everyone was outside, Fleur went to check on Mr. Ollivander. She took a pot of strong tea and some biscuits to him and he was more than grateful for her thoughtfulness and told her as much. He was very frail and in no shape to do much moving on his own. She spent some time with him, mostly being quiet and keeping the old man company. About an hour later, he seemed to be ready to sleep and she bid him goodbye.After, she went back to the kitchen and got started on breakfast. It wasn't even dawn yet, but she didn't know how long it had been since any of them had eaten. She knew, eventually, they would be starving. Another hour went by and she didn't even notice. She was stirring a pot when she felt someone behind her. Fleur turned her head around and saw Hermione standing there. After lowering the heat, she put the spoon down, turned around fully and faced the brunette witch."Bonjour, mademoiselle. 'Ow are you feeling?""Like I was run over by the Hogwarts Express," Hermione said quietly. "Repeatedly."Fleur nodded in understanding. "Would you like some tea? You look like you could drink some right now.""I would love a cup.""Sit and I'll make it right away.""I can do it.""Non. Let me take care of you for now. It would be no bother to me, I assure you."Hermione stared at her for a moment and their eyes held. Not wanting to seem ungrateful, she nodded and went to sit down. Try as she might, she could not keep from wincing as she did so. Fleur was immediately at her side to help her."Thank you, Fleur," Hermione said softly as their eyes met and held for a second time. "For everything," she finished in a whisper as she squeezed the hand Fleur was resting on her shoulder."De rien."Fleur had trouble breaking the connection of their eyes, but she did and turned towards the stove. After putting the kettle on, she rinsed two cups and tried to keep herself busy. She didn't want Hermione to notice just how unsettled she was by the looks passing between them.Besides, she had no idea why she was unsettled. She was being silly to think as much. Or so she kept telling herself as she finished the tea and toasted some bread.0-0Unbeknownst to Fleur, Hermione wasn't fairing any better. Something inside of her told her that the blonde part-Veela was the one responsible for her being clean and in a fresh gown. That she had taken care of her so completely still astounded the brunette. She had always thought Fleur was frivolous and cold, but she had shown her a completely different side of her. A side, Hermione was sure, not many knew about.Ginny had never been able to stand her sister-in-law, and Hermione, not really knowing why, had never given the older woman a chance or much of a thought. Regardless of all of that, Fleur had come to her in her time of need, taken care of her, and had treated her with respect and tenderness.Hermione now knew that the tender touches she had experienced earlier had come from Fleur and her cheeks colored slightly at the knowledge. She would have to find a way to repay that kindness at some point. It seemed important that she reevaluate why she had acted so coldly towards Fleur and rectify that soon.If this war is ever over and if I manage to come out alive, she thought sadly.0-0Fleur placed the mugs of steaming tea on the table, and then added a plate with toast and marmalade. Hermione took the mug gratefully and inhaled the sweet aroma. She took a careful sip and sighed."Mmm, jasmine. It's one of my favorites.""Mine, too. I'm glad you like it."After taking several sips in silence, Hermione looked about her and finally noticed the silence inside the house."Where is everyone?"Fleur looked down at her tea and wondered how to tell Hermione what had happened. Noticing the hesitation, Hermione put her hand over Fleur's, eyes widening in fear."What's wrong?"Fleur's eyes flew up to meet Hermione's worried ones. "'Arry and Ron are fine," she assured her quickly. "And so are ze rest. Everyone is 'ere."Hermione visibly relaxed. "What is the matter, then?""'Ermione," Fleur said as she covered Hermione's hand with her own, "it's Dobby.""Is he badly hurt? I know some healing charms so I might be able to help him," the brunette offered."Sadly, zere is nothing you can do, ma belle. Dobby died saving 'Arry," Fleur told her softly."No!" Hermione wailed and broke into tears. "Not Dobby, too!""Je suis vraiment dsole, ma chrie," Fleur whispered as she gathered Hermione close while she wept for her lost ally and friend.Fleur's eyes filled up with tears as well. It wasn't fair that their world was in such turmoil because of one crazy lunatic and his delusions of grandeur. Not only that, but that so many pure-bloods followed in his crazy visions was amazing and utterly horrific. Fleur just kept praying and wishing it would soon be over.The safety of their world as they knew it lay on Harry, his faithful sidekicks, and those that believed in them. Harry had the weight of the world on his very young shoulders, but she knew, deep down, that Hermione was feeling the same. While he was the one that had to face Voldemort in the end, Hermione was the brains of their operation and without her they would not succeed. Fleur was sure Hermione knew that and it drove her to go beyond and above the call of duty. Hermione was trying to save their world and her best friend with her smarts, cunningness, belief in Harry and the complete assurance that at the end they would be successful.Fleur had never really taken the time to think so much about their present situation, but now that she had a quivering Hermione in her arms, she did and it wasn't a pleasant feeling. They were all so young and inexperienced when it came to the dark arts that she wasn't sure they would know how to succeed. But try they would, even if it meant dying in the end to save their world.The thought of Hermione dying didn't sit well with her and she tightened her arms around the brunette.It was all so unfair, she thought as tears rolled down her face. So, so unfair.0-0Once her crying had stopped, Hermione leaned back on her chair and took a shaky breath. She ran her fingers under her eyes and dried her tears."I wonder how many more lives will be lost, how many of our close friends will be gone, by the time this madness is over," she lamented sadly.Fleur looked at her and covered her hand once again. "Do you fear for your life?"Hermione stared at their clasped hands and her eyes filled with tears again. "How could I not? I fear for all of our lives.""'Ave you ever zought of giving up and running away from it all?""No. I'm committed to seeing this to its end. My parents are safe. Now my duty is helping Harry and the Order to the end. Even if it means dying in the process. I will have died for a good cause.""You love 'im very much." It was not a question."I do.""Et Ron? 'E seems to 'ave feelings for you. 'E was very upset when 'e brought you over and 'as been asking about you.""I know he does. But unfortunately, I don't love him that way.""I zought you fancied 'im at some point.""I might have.""What changed zat, if you don't mind me asking?""Would you love someone you can't really depend or count on?"Fleur raised an eyebrow at the question. "Non, I don't zink so. What do you mean?""Twice he has deserted Harry and me when we needed him most. I don't know that I trust him completely at this point.""Would you tell me about it?"And so she did, shedding a few more tears here and there. She told Fleur about the whole incident during the Tri-Wizard Tournament and the more recent one, with Ron taking off in a fury while they were hiding.Fleur listened without interruptions and once again, her respect for the younger woman rose. When Hermione was done speaking, Fleur had to agree with her and told her as much."I see what you mean, mon amie, and I would probably react ze same way in a similar situation.""Harry loves him like a brother and forgives him every time. I get over it and move on, but I can't ever forget it.""When you zink about your future, 'Ermione, do you see 'im in it?" Fleur asked curiously."Fleur, are you trying to play matchmaker?""Why would you assume zat?" Fleur asked, clearly surprised by the question."You keep asking me questions about Ron. Bill might make you a good husband but that doesn't mean a Weasley would be good for me as well.""So what is good for you?"Hermione looked down at their clasped hands and finally noticed that the calming sensation she had been feeling all along was coming from Fleur. The entire time they had been speaking, the part Veela had been making circles with her thumb on the back of her hand.When she saw that Hermione had finally noticed, Fleur debated on whether to stop her ministrations, but decided against it. If Hermione minded her touch, she could easily pull her hand away."It would be nice to have someone love me just as I am, scars and all.""Mademoiselle, your scars takes nothing away from your beauty."Hermione blushed at hearing those words. "I guess you saw the ugly reminder of my encounter with Dolohov during my fifth year. I'm sure Bellatrix left one on my neck tonight to go along with the one she put on my arm," she said quietly with a hint of defeat in her voice"I only saw a battle wound you should never 'ave, especially at such a young age. Nothing else. It does not change who you are.""Sometimes it feels like I'm much older and wiser than I should be, to be honest with you. I've never had much of a chance to enjoy being a teen.""I can't even begin to imagine all you've been zrough. 'As Madame Pomfrey tried to take ze scar away?""They tried several things, but since no one knows what spell I was hit with, no one has been able to do anything about it. It still hurts sometimes."Fleur was startled by the news. "Vraiment?""Yes. When Bellatrix was hitting me with the cruciatus, it was burning like hell."Fleur squeezed her hand and tears filled her eyes. "Oh, ma chrie, no one should go zrough what you 'ave. It is utterly amazing 'ow much you 'ave been able to 'andle.""I guess it's for the good of our world. Think nothing of it. I'm no hero. Others have died fighting Voldemort before me. I'm just doing my part.""I would not talk zat way if I were you. What you 'ave accomplished so far is nothing short of amazing and you should be proud of it and yourself. Never, ever, put yourself down, 'Ermione. To me, you are simply magnifique!"That made her blush even more. "Thank you, Fleur. I appreciate your kind words.""Now, as difficult as it might be for you, do you want to change into clean clothes and join ze others outside? 'Arry was going to wait for you to bury Dobby properly.""I don't have anything to wear, Fleur.""I'm sure we can find you something of mine and fix it to fit you.""I'd like that. I haven't really felt clean in ages.""I cannot even begin to imagine what you 'ave been zrough since ze zree of you took off. I'd like you to tell me more someday.""If I make it out alive, I promise to tell you."0-0A/N 2: So what do you think? Do you want to see more of this?
