Authors Note: I.. cannot tell you, how long it has taken me to get my thoughts organized for this story. The third and last in the war trilogy of Severus and Minerva. I had the beginnings of this chapter since before I finished 'Another Battle Within' and could not for the life of me get the words right. I was reading over all the wonderful reviews I received at the end of the last story and I am so happy that I have finally been able to put this together piece by piece and at long last begin the end.......Minerva stood completely still. Her tall black figure etched in place, silhouetted and rigid before the open window. The dimly lit room surrounded her with a familiar cluttering of books and trinkets. Most of which held a very fine layer of dust. Before her the sun was rising over the tree line of the forbidden forest and a low fog persisted over the grounds of Hogwarts. She hadn't slept that night. Or the night before.Somewhere there were sounds.. rustling trees, birds, thestrels or some other beast moving in the paddock. All of these strangely distant.She had one hand resting on the thick stone of her vantage point, the other hung loosely beside her black robes. The black hat upon her head dipping much lower than usual around her black eyes. Black: the color of wealth, modesty, and mourning.That is how Severus found her. As slowly as a man may move he made his ascent through the decrepit gargoyle's entrance and up the winding staircase to the headmaster's office. The door creaked with old joints as he pushed it aside and her tall, familiar silhouette came into view. Her back turned to him, he stepped calmly into the room.The arrival of a second party did little to disturb her. He was met with no sign that she had heard him at all. A quick sweep of his eyes saw the place was exactly as he had last seen it. Perhaps she had moved a few papers around, picked up a few books, but Dumbledore's office remained. Beside him he set a heavy carpetbag at the door and hung a borrowed traveling cloak on a near-by hook. Then he straightened, taking in one last look of a dark curl of hair straying from beneath her hat, and addressed her."Professor." He said. The same syllables he'd used to greet her for the last sixteen years. Just as dry and distant as they had always sounded. As though nothing had changed. "What are you doing in my office?"It was cruelly phrased. She turned her head just slightly, as though these words were her first indication of his presence, then slowly she turned to face him. He made a quick motion for his wand when he saw that hers hung poised in her drooped hand but she made no effort to use it."Go ahead." She said. "Kill me." She raised her head fully to see him, the brim of her hat revealing dark and sunken eyes beneath her thin spectacles. "I should have known it would be you."Eyeing her, and wand still at the ready, Severus produced a stack of papers from his robes."Headmaster?" He asked, ignoring the possibility that she was referring to anything else. "Orders from the Ministry right here."He nonchalantly waved the folded parchment and flopped it onto the headmaster's desk. His desk now. She didn't bother to look.Instead Minerva looked beyond him to the largest portrait that now hung in the room, where the image of a grey haired, and long bearded Albus Dumbledore slept peacefully in his wingback chair. "I'm surprised the room opened to you." She said without facing him. "Not terribly, though, there are other Slytherins on this wall." And her subtle tone was sharp on the snake's name.A select few of the previous headmaster's fidgeted in their portraits and wrinkled their noses without much effort to conceal it."Considering the wizard who has arranged for my position," Severus replied condescendingly. "I'm not surprised at all. Greatness can overcome many things."She shuddered. This devoted praise for the darkest of wizards was sickening. Voldemort was no more great than he was sane. Again her eyes searched the painting. It had been many months now since Albus' portrait had appeared in this office, but always he would be sleeping. She longed, more than anything, to see the blue of those old eyes, if they would only open..Her thoughts and their bleak conversation was momentarily interrupted by more footsteps clomping up the winding stairs and Minerva looked back to see two oddly placed figures lugging several larger bags enter behind Severus. They heaved the mismatched luggage off their shoulders in a loud heap on the floor and bent, hands on knees, to catch their breath."Ah Professor," Severus said again, droll politeness dripping from his tongue, "Allow me to introduce my new Deputies, Amycus and Alecto Carrow."Severus waved his hand and the two newcomers stood up, both with crooked smiles across their dumb faces. "Alecto will be teaching the new Muggles Studies class for us this year, while Amycus here, will be taking up my old position of Defense Against the Dark Arts professor. I'm sure you'll find their teachings more up to par with today's standards." To his side the pair chuckled loudly.Minerva glanced between them, both short, hunched characters with plump, sour noses, she knew them well. Anyone who had fought in the First Wizarding War knew of the delight they took in torturing. Anyone who hadn't had heard the stories.Severus regarded her disgusted expression with satisfaction. "Now, I will ask again, Professor. What are you doing in my office?"Minerva's eyes shifted to his, a queer expression on her face, as though she might be hallucinating. It didn't seem as though any of this could actually be real.At her silence Snape spoke again. "I am aware that in your previous years at this school you have frequented the Headmaster's Office at anytime you wished." A small curl ran through his lips. "Might I give you warning, that in the future if I find you have entered my office at anytime without my express invitation, I will have to assume that you are here for one reason only. And may I assure you; I am not averse to handling your fondness for Headmasters, Professor. I will be more than happy to accommodate you."Minerva's eyes grew ten fold. She might have hexed him into the next century if she hadn't been so utterly shocked.Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dumb began to elbow each other with broad grins. "She looks like a right piece of meat." Amycus grunted enjoyably. "I'll bet she's tough to tame." Alecto only cackled in response, her bitter laughter ringing in Minerva's ears.Within an instant Severus' expression dropped and he shot them an irritable look. "These go in my quarters." He snapped, motioning to the luggage. "Not my office."The Carrow's quickly hushed and shared a glance, begrudgingly bending over the heavy luggage once more. Severus' sharp eyes followed them out."You'll have more time to get acquainted during our first staff meeting." He said again to Minerva with false sweetness as they shuffled out. "On a related note, there will be some changes to the students curriculum this year, as well as a few new rules"He made a slow half circle around her to his new desk, running his forefingers along its surface. Her eyes followed him around the room and she inhaled on instinct when he brushed against her as he passed."Nothing you can't accommodate I'm sure." He continued. "Really you will find that you have much more freedom, as your time will no longer be taken up by.. superfluous duties."He lifted his head to meet her gaze. "I suggest you use that time wisely." Below her collar her skin bristled at the threat.He now stood directly behind the desk, his tall, dark form completely concealing Albus from sight. He placed his palms against the wooden surface and leaned in closer, his eyes narrowing to a threatening glare. "Should I hear of any mischief or misconduct, whether by staff or student alike, I will make it my personal business to see that person reprimanded in the most severest manner possible. Do not provoke me to act on this promise."Again he stood erect and gestured to the door that swung open at his command. "A list of everything you need to know will be sent to your rooms."Minerva stared at him hard. "And if I refuse?" She asked.He chuckled as though he'd been expecting this. "I'd do what I was told if I were in your position. I fear I might not be as lenient to your insolence as the previous headmaster of Hogwarts."The blood beneath Minerva's skin boiled. She wanted nothing more than to tear the black heart right out of him and feed it down his throat. He merely cocked an eye at her lack of movement. "Are you waiting for an escort?" He asked. "Your quarters are just where you remember them."She stayed a moment or two longer staring at him, but she had nothing to say. She lifted her wand hand and saw his eyes dart momentarily as she slid it into its place within her robes and turned on her heels.The door slammed shut behind her, rattling several of the previous headmasters that hung nearby. When the sharp, swift clicks of her heels could no longer be heard Severus at last took his seat in the wide, smooth chair that belonged to the reigning Headmaster of Hogwarts. He sat for a moment unmoving, staring hard at his feet, then slowly he rested his elbows on the dark wood of the desk and let his head fall tiredly into empty hands."Severus.." Came the voice, as he knew it would. And it was calm and gentle, just as he had expected it to be, which made him despise it even more."Don't." He spat, without so much as glancing up to Albus's portrait, now wide-awake. "Don't you dare speak right now."
