Thank you to my Beta Cajun Witch who had helped me every step in this story...It was a day just like the others; well it was what he initially thought he didn't know that this day would start a major change in his life.He was a very important person in the magical world; he had the perfect pure blood wife and son, along with running a successful business and was much respected. However, like most pure blood men, he had a woman that made him feel like he could do anything he wantedultimately she was the one that ruined all his plans.It was like any other day and he was sitting in front of his desk doing his work, when he felt the sudden urge to see her. He unlocked a desk drawer and pulled out a portrait. It was a picture of her in a black negligee he bought. She was young and full of hope; she didn't seem to care he was sharing her with another woman. This woman was his very loyal and beautiful wife, the one he promised to love and respect for all his life, that day they got married 25 years before, Narcissa.Narcissa was still beautiful and delicate; she put his needs before hers, always loyal to him and their beliefs, but everything changed after the war. She was still attached to him, but her thoughts were not the same. She had become supportive to change people's beliefs of supremacy of blood, since their son was saved by a half blood, a blood traitor and a mud blood. But Lucius didn't support her on this issue, maybe because he thought he was superior to anyone was wasn't a pure blood.As he processed these thoughts, he sent an owl to the young woman in the portrait, letting her know he would be at her house later that evening, when he could escape from the demands of work. At the same time he sent an owl to Narcissa to let her know he would be in a late meeting.Narcissa was reading a book when she saw one of the owls of Malfoy Industries. She knew what that meant: that Lucius would be coming home late and not to wait for him to dinner. She sighed, taking the envelope in her hands and thought about what to do. Lucius was working late even more days than before the war. She figured it was because all of what they had to do to cope with life and this was his way to feel better. Since Lucius wouldn't be home to dine with her, she decided to floo her sister Andromeda, inviting her and little Teddy, Andromeda's grandson to dinner. She hated to have dinner by herself and their son Draco was not at home anymore since he had gotten a flat in Muggle London.Andromeda Tonks was working on paperwork. When the war ended and she had buried her husband, daughter and son-in-law, she decided to make an organization to help people that had lost their families in the war and also to look for good homes for the orphans. Narcissa sometimes went to visit her there; she loved to spend time with the little ones. She had always wanted more kids but Lucius didn't, since Draco was difficult to handle since being a baby, so she had to comfort herself with Draco. She was a bit startled when she noticed the floo, but recovered quickly when she recognized it as Narcissa's. Andromeda wrapped up her paperwork and prepared to meet her sister for dinner. When she let Teddy know where they were going, he was very excited. He loved Auntie Cissa.Narcissa was so happy when she heard the doorbell; she knew it was her sister and Teddy. She was feeling a little down since Lucius wasn't going to make it to dinner. Her evening was brightened considerably when her guests arrived."Hello, Cissa, darling, how nice to see you! I wasn't expecting you," Andromeda said while hugging her. The two sisters greeted each other and Narcissa hugged Teddy. They sat down to dinner and enjoyed each other's company.Tabitha Bainbridge was looking forward to see Lucius that night. She had known him since she was a little girl. She and Draco were friends and she had grown up with the ambition of marrying a pureblood man of a good family, such as the Malfoy's. At the beginning Draco was the boy she wanted and she chased him, until she realized it was easier to get his father. Lucius had turned to Tabitha for comfort after he had a fight with Narcissa regarding her getting in touch with her blood traitor sister after many years of no contact. Narcissa just couldn't keep pretending that she hated her sister. After she discovered Andromeda had lost almost all her family in the battle, and even worse, that their beloved sister Bellatrix had been the one to kill Andromeda's daughter, Nymphadora, she knew she had to be there for her sister. All Andromeda had left was her little grandson Teddy. After their argument, Lucius had fled Malfoy Manor in anger, heading to a wizard pub in nearby Wiltshire. It was there that he met up with Tabitha.He had bedded her that night and then again a week later. Since that fateful night at the pub, they had been seeing each other for almost a year now. He had told her that Narcissa had changed and that she wasn't the same after the war. He was falling for Tabitha; she told him everything he wanted to hear and stroked his huge ego. They shared the same thoughts and feelings about blood supremacy; she was what he needed, she convinced herself, and was going to fight teeth and nails to win him for her own selfish needs.
