Disclaimer: All the recognizable characters in this and all the forthcoming chapters belong to J. K. Rowling and Warner Bros. To the author belong only the original characters. Also the picture used as a cover was found in the Internet and belongs to its rightful owner.Author`s Note: This story is a self-translation of a story originally written in Greek. English is not my mother tongue, so if you spot any mistakes or wrong use of the language, please inform me. Also I am currently looking for a beta reader, therefore if you are interested, please let me know. I hope you enjoy my first attempt in the English speaking world. XXXPrologueImagine a world where Harry Potter defeated Voldemort and the good won over the evil. In this world Draco Malfoy and his parents were on the side of the Order of the Phoenix playing a contributing role as double agents. Also in the battle of Hogwarts Draco Malfoy fought against the Dark Wizards together with the defenders of the school among who were Blaise Zabini, Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle.Moreover imagine a world where Fred Weasley did not die during the war. On the contrary he was saved due to a courageous action by Draco Malfoy. This together with all the previous facts resulted in that Malfoys and other Slytherins were characterized heroes and became close friends with the Potters and the Weasleys. Their children grew up together and are now part of the same crowd.In this world lives and reigns the only daughter of Harry Potter and Ginny Weasley, Lily Luna Potter. It's this world she experiences and it's this world she describes in her funny adventures. Everyone who has an open mind and tolerance can follow her in this journey full of magic, friendship, love but also teenage tear stained eyes and broken hearts. Everyone else has every right to leave right this instance.For those of you who will eventually stay it is highly recommended that you wear comfortable clothes. Snacks are optional, but prefer the healthy ones. Obligatory is to leave reviews or else you will rot in hell. Reader discretion is advised. The author accepts no responsibility whatsoever. You have been warned. Otherwise I wish to all of you lots of fun! Enjoy!
