A few wisps of light make there way through the curtains of my bed. Reaching my face and waking me up.I sit up and reach my arms out and slide my curtains aside. Im momentarily blinded by the light coming from the lake through the window. The little light that makes it down here helps me smile.Every thing down in the dungeons is green and dark. Without the light from the lake and the lanterns i would hate it down here more than i already do.I shove the heavy green velvet blankets off with a grunt. And slide my feet over the side of the bed.I stand up and look around noticing that i slept in. The rest of the room was empty . The beds made and curtains pulled back. With the light front the lake hitting the silver accents it almost looks pretty. Almost.I quickly dress in my black and silver robes. My green and silver tie taking me the longest. I never figured out how to tie this stupid tie right.I run down the steps to the vast common room. Just like in the dorm rooms the curtains are green velvet and the couches black leather. THe huge pain windows letting more light in. The room is empty except for myself.I least that what i though till a girl with short chopped black hair comes around the corner with a smug look on her face. Her skin was pail and he eyes all black. She always had that same sneer on her face." Woke up late again Depree?" she asks." Whats it to you parkinson?" I sneer back. Im not normally like this. I don't sneer and have an evil look in my eye. But to survive in down here where everyones like that you have to adapt." Nothing . Just wondering if you knew where draco was?" Her face softens a little as she says his name but then as quickly as it was there her face was back to the regular sneer."No, why?" I ask. She doesn't say anything and just turns on her heel and walks out of the common room. The room ecos as the door slams behind her.Once again I'm alone. But i guess my own company is better than pansy. She was a curel and rude fourth year that I've had to deal with the last few years. Im older and can tell her what to do if i really wanted but she didn't think so.After a few moments i took one long last look at the slytherin common room and i was out the door and up to surface for breakfast.I walk into the great hall and everyone is already eating. As i spot the goblet of fire sitting at the front of the room i remember the events of last night.I arrived in the great hall that night for this first time since last june and felt right at home. Dumblerdore started to explain to us about the triwizard tournament. And how two other school will call hogwarts there home for the rest of the year.I come back to the real world when i sit down beside draco with blaise on the other side of me. As i gather thing on to my plate i elbow draco. He looks over at me with his white blond hair flopping in his eyes. He smiles." What?" He asks me while rubbing his side. " Where pansy?" I ask him. SHe left to come for breakfast before i did but i couldnt see her at the table." Don't know she hasn't shown up yet." He states bluntly. " Well on my way up this morning she stopped me to ask where you were. I told her i didn't know."He signs with relief. " Thank you i did not want to have to deal with her this morning." His face looks annoyed and sullen." It seems dracos got an admirer!" i say loud enough for blaise and the rest of dracos friend to hear. He whips his head around and glares at me. But it falters so i can tells he's not being serious. " Blaise start singing. " Draco and pansy sitting in a tree."I laugh and join in. " K -I - S -S -I -N -G!" Draco punches my arm." Come on guys like i would ever date her. She's so pathetic." He states looking back down at his plate. The huge doors to great hall open and in walks pansy. We all start to laugh and elbow draco and make kiss faces. Draco face looks mad but amused at the same time.Pansy walks past and we all go silent. She smiles at draco and he just stares at her. When she sees the look on his face she frowns and hurrays past to sit at the far end of the table.Blaise is the first to break the silence. He is quit handsome for a slytherin. And most girls form all houses notice." So Lira," i jump at my name and look up at him. " Are you going to enter the tournament? You turn seventeen soon?" I laugh at his awful math." If by soon you mean six months. Then yeah soon." He just smiles." Plus who would be dumb enough to even enter. People have died in this thing. And personally i don't feel like dying yet. If you know what i mean." Draco just nods understanding." Well too bad, if you won you could have a date with me?!" Blaise tells me with a smirk."Oh is that all i would win. Goodness then its defiantly not worth entering." I tell him.Draco spits out his orange juice and coughs. The rest of them are trying not to laugh. Blaise cheeks going red and he looks back down at his food. Still coughing and hacking draco stands to leave.I grab him arm and pull myself to stand beside him. "Where are you going?" i ask." Potions early, i need to talk to snape about extra credit." I swing my other leg over the bench and stand up. " Ill come with you, i have nothing better to do." He nods and we walk towards the doors.As were waling past the gryffindor table draco glares at Harry Potter. I push him along and once were out the door i question him." Whats up with that. Its not like he's going to drop dead form your stares?" He smirks at that though and we continue down the hall. " One can always hope." He says. " Well your sister is telling you that you need to stop dwelling on potter and be happy."He shoves me playfully . " Come on just cause you older doesn't mean you can boss me around. "" Sure it does , i may only be half related to you but still related. Cant forget blood." He just huffs and his hair falls into his face.We arrive in the dungeon at the door of snapes office. Draco walks in and i follow. Snapes look up from the whatever he's mixing and scowls at draco and i." What are you coin there miss . depree?"" Just escorting draco here, i will be on my way. " I walk towards the door when i hear someone yell "Duck!"I duck down behind a desk and hear a loud boom and something like paint splattering the walls. I peek up from behind the desk and see none other than Fred and George weasley. The pick up to rats off the floor and start to laugh. THe have long red hair and freckles all over there faces. There very shiny and lean looking. I guess all that running from teachers pays off. I stand up from behind the desk and cough to make myself know. The heads turn my way and the smile even wider than before." What are you doing?!" I ask." We just turned snape and draco into rats! Wicked!" I scoff and go to speak again." I can see that but why and how?" I ask again hoping to get a better answer. THe one on the right answered. " Cause it funny and all we had to do was out a little rat hair into the polyjucie potion he was making and make it explode ." He answers giving his bother another high five.I cover my mouth and try not to laugh looking at draco as a rat. It was quit funny." Im fred" said one on the left. " Im george" said the other. " I know who you are." I answer. They were well know throughout the school for the pranks and fun times."Nice to meet you we ask who you are?" THey put the rats down on the table and lean towards me." Lira , Lira Depree of slytherin. " The smile fade for a moment when they hear my house but they go right back to there happy selves. The walk with me towards the door and when there out in the hall the turn to me once again." Nice to meet you lira , your the nicest slytherin we have ever met.'" I smile ." Thanks " i say taking it as complement. The bell rings in the distance . I turn around to see a bunch of people coming down the hall about to see draco and snape as rats. I turn around to say goodbye to fred and george but they were already gone.THe only thing left was a business card for Weasley Wizarding Wizzes. I slip it in my pocket and head to my first class of the day.
