Quite a few people have been urging me to try to put this story back up for you guys, and I've finally decided to give it a shot. Fingers crossed it won't be deleted again!For those of you who are new to this story, welcome! First thing you need to know is that this story is HUMOR and the characters are WAAAAY OOC. This story is all in good fun, and hopefully will make you laugh. Secondly, this story is Harry and Ginny pairing. It is blatant and over exaggerated.This story will be jumping around in time to cover the main adventures and some chapters that reviewers have requested. I repeat, THIS STORY WILL BE MAKING MAJOR LEAPS IN TIME.Disclaimer: I do not, and never will, own Harry Potter. If I did, I would be off living in some fabulous mansion on a tropical island taking baths in my billions of dollars, but sadly I'm not because I can't. :/Edited: 4.27.13Dolores Jane Umbridge was in a horrid mood. The ministry had been in a state of panic because of all the nonsense about You-Know-Who, and she knew it was all that wretched Harry Potter's fault. Yes, it did seem as if You-Know-Who was really back, but the boy still caused more trouble than he was worth. His troublesome attitude deserved to punished.Dolores stormed through the hallways of the first floor near her office, glaring and yelling at everyone that crossed her path. She scowled heavily when she saw her assistant standing by her office door nervously. "What?" she growled, no longer in the mood to act sweet.Her assistant, Nicole, followed her into her office as soon as Dolores had the door open. "You have a visitor appointment in five minutes," she told her hurriedly, glancing back out the office door to the waiting area. The mysterious tall man with blackish brown hair that requested the meeting was gone, but said he should be coming back soon."What!" she snapped, crossing her pink, cat covered office quickly to her desk. Her awful mood was reflected when she didn't even stop to say hello to her many darling kitties on the wall. "How could you not alert me sooner?"Nicole stared at her for a moment. "You said not to disturb you, Madam Umbridge."Dolores stared back at her impassively, though her cheeks were slowly filling with pink in anger. "Fine then. What is so important about this appointment that it was made at the very last minute yet was able to actually be put in at the last minute?"She shuffled some papers around from a pile under her arm. "We have a Mr. L visiting for important need-to-know information on a Mr." she read, shuffling another paper. "Harry Potter," she finished, glancing up at her boss to see her face quickly turn into a sickening smile."Oh. Why didn't you say so!" she exclaimed loudly, rearranging things around her desk to make her appear more organized. Her assistant didn't answer, but stood hovering at the door needlessly. "Well go wait for him!"She scurried out of the room, throwing one glance over her shoulder before shutting the door.Dolores sat down imperiously, stacking papers into the middle of the desk to make her look busy. She took out a small mirror and fixed her little pink bow in her hair, pausing to apply more pink lipstick. If something was need-to-know on her least favorite person at the moment, she'd look her best in order to get all of the information she could. After all, there was a good possibility that this information could be damaging beyond repair. Dolores stopped applying powder when she heard her assistant greet someone outside."Welcome back, sir! Madam Umbridge is ready for you," Nicole said in an overly sweet voice, just the way she trained her."Thank you," a deeper voice said, coming from right in front of her closed office door."Do you need me to hold those packages for you while you go inside?" Nicole offered."No thank you, that won't be necessary," the man replied.Dolores saw the doorknob turning, and sat up in excitement. She only hoped the information would harm the boy rather than reward him. A tall man with a circular face and dark brown hair walked into the room, carrying a package the size of a book, or maybe a few files. "Hello," she greeted him, smiling widely. "How can I help you today?"The man seemed to smirk for a minute before answering. "I  came across this book about Harry Potter, and had it verified by his relatives to be true. It will give you a  clear insight to what went on during certain parts of his previous school years," he told her, sliding the covered book onto the front of her desk.Her smile seemed to get even wider. "Parts of previous school years, you say?"He nodded. The man knew this to be true, but he lied about where he got the information verified from. How are you supposed to say Harry himself, but not in a legal way? Dolores would like that though, he reckoned. "Yes, it is confirmed truth.""So, say it told about what happened last year at the ministry" she trailed off hopefully.The man stared at her, nodding slightly again."Excellent, excellent."He nodded again. "That is all I had for you. I'll be out of your hair now," he said as he was walking towards the door.She nodded absentmindedly, staring at the book fixedly. If his relatives confirmed it, it had to be true. Now she would just need to grab the minister, and maybe a few other people that were close to Harry yes. That would work perfectly. She smiled impossibly wider. "Nicole!" she shouted.Her assistant quickly opened the door, poking her head inside. "Yes madam?""I need you to contact a few people for me"
