Hey Guys I'm new here and this is my first fanfic, not sure how regular my chapters will be but I hope you like it!Chapter 1:It was summer time at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, precisely three weeks until that warm holiday that most students welcome with open arms.Stepping delicately along the shadowed corridor floor walked a sixth year Gryffindor prefect, Lily Evans. With her books clutched to her chest and her bag slung over her shoulder, the redheaded girl reached the final staircase that climbed up to the Gryffindor common room."Gillyweed" Lily said to the Fat Lady who was sat eating grapes in the portrait.As the door opened revealing all that were in the common room Lily caught sight of four boys indulged in a game of exploding snap, and she found herself grinning as she saw a black haired boy with glasses get his eyebrows almost singed off.James and Lily had become friends since halfway through sixth year. They had both matured slightly and considering that Lily's friends are related to James, as Alice is James' distant cousin as is Marlene and Mary isn't as she is muggleborn like Lily, with this war going on it was stupid to keep silly childhood grudges. And so the close friends ship was born between the girls, Lily, Alice, Marlene and Mary, and the Marauders; James, Sirius, Remus and Peter, and Frank Longbottom of whom Alice is currently dating.Lily wandered over to the other side of the common room to her usual spot and sat comftably with her knees to her chest on the windowsill overseeing the grounds and pulled out a book, one of her favourite muggle stories, Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare. She continued to read lost in the world of Shakespeare until there was only her and on other person left...James Potter.Once she had finished the book she had tears in her eyes a James wondered over."What's wrong Lil's" he said touching her arm, Lily felt her arm warm and her heart flutter slightly."Oh umm nothing, just a sad book" she said with a slight smile.James chuckled, "what's it about?""Read it and find out" she said challenging him."Fine" he said without and second thought to it.Lily laughed "James potter, reading? I must be dreaming""Hey!" he said pretending to be offended "I read""Yeah, yeah" Lily said unconvinced"What!? I do, My Dad has a library at home, bigger than the schools" he grinned, "I pick up a book from time to time.""Oh ok" said Lily a little surprised "knock yourself out" she smiled handing him the book and standing up."Where are you going?" James asked curiously"Bed, it's already after curfew, and I need to make a start on that transfiguration essay tomorrow so I have to be awake" she shuddered."Ahh transfiguration" he smiled "You're only down fall" he teased.She rolled her eyes "hahaha" she said sarcastically, while he grinned cheekily"So who won your game of exploding snap?"James raised an eyebrow "watching were you Lil's?""Well it was hard to ignore the noise that you four were making well that was until I got engrossed in my book" she smiled"Ahh well" he nodded. "It was Remus who won, Sirius and Peter suck and well Remus pulled a trick last minute" he sighed.Lily chuckled "what a shame" she said sarcastically."So what were you reading anyway?" James asked"A book" she said"Well done, real witty""Thanks" she grinned"I think you've been hanging around with Sirius for too long""Maybe" she grinned and this time James rolled his eyes."So is it quidditch practice tomorrow?" she asked. James nodded"You coming to watch?" he asked curiously"Merlin no, far far far! Too early in the morning for the likes of Lily Evans on a Saturday morning" She exclaimed."You're an odd one Lil's you know that?" he said chuckling.She nodded "Yeah, I've been told.""Good" he chuckled. "Are you going to bed yet? Or do you want a game of exploding snap?""Only if we make it quick" she smiled. He grinned and pulled the pack of cards out of his pocket and sat down by the table, gesturing Lily to sit opposite him.After a two hour competitive game of exploding snap did they notice how late it was."We've been at this for two hours!" Lily said jumping up"5 hours till practice" he groaned " I'm of to bed Lil's"She chuckled "You'd be a fool if you didn't"And with that they both went up their own staircases to their own dorms.The next morning was a bright and sunny one, to Lily's annoyance as she woke at 7:30 am with the blinding sunlight roaring through the girl's dormitory window."Stupid sun" she growled stuffing her head in her pillow.After lying in bed for ten minutes and failing at trying to go back to sleep she got up and got dressed into a dark pair of jeans and a green top with matched her eyes. She also wore a black cardigan and black dolly shoes.She looked over at the sleeping girls and groaned with jealously, Lily was not one for early morning starts. As she made her way downstairs to the common room, she pushed her hair up into a pony tail, and then made her way to the armchair by the fire, of which she would do her transfiguration homework.Once sat comfortably, she got to work on her essay, explaining vanishment which is 'the art of causing things to vanish; to make things go into non-being', which McGonagall had set as it may come up in their practice exams, ready for NEWTS next year.After an hour working hard on it she had finally finished and she closed her books and placed her equipment in a pile and leant back in the armchair and sighed with relief,"Finally" she muttered to herself.Just then there was a creaking sound of the portrait door swinging open which revealed the Gryffindor quidditch team after their Saturday morning practice. Lily looked up and watched them come in."Lily-flower!" roared Sirius. While Lily rolled her eyes he rushed over pulling Lily up into a hug."Eww" Lily squealed "You stink!"Sirius chuckled lightly "that's quidditch for you""Do I not get a hug to Lil's?" chuckled James"NO WAY! You both stink go shower!""Well that's a bit rude" said James"No in the tiniest bit in comparison o how much you smell!""Fine" grumbled Sirius "But as soon as we've showered, your coming to breakfast with us""Do I have to?" she said teasingly"Yes, yes you do" chuckled Sirius"Fine then" she said grinning at the two boysAfter the boys departed and made their way to the shower Lily wondered her way over to the window sill where she had sat the previous night and stared out of the window. She watched four figures scuttle across the grass to the lake, she tried to ignore them but how could she when one of them was her former best friend.She watched Severus Snape move with three of his 'friends', Bellatrix, Avery and Lucius, across the grounds in deep conversation as though they were planning something.'What are they up too?' Lily thought, but that was as deep as she got into thinking as she was soon attacked into a bear hug."Sirius get off!" she chuckled"But I've showered now Lily-flower" he grinned" Doesn't mean you can attack me, anyway where's James""James hey?" he said sarcastically raising his eyebrows, will Lily rolled her eyes. "He's just having his shower, I tackled him so I could have the first one" he grinned proud of himself."Congratulations Sirius" Lily laughed"Thanks Lily-flower"So what did you guys think?
