For Real?This is a story that just came to me one day, and I thought "Hey! That's a good Idea!" So yeah... I hope you enjoy this story!DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN ANY PART OF HARRY POTTER, UNFORTUNATELY! ALL RIGHTS GO TO J.K. ROWLING!For tenshi113, a personal friend who's been there for me through out the story: u/3931662/tenshi113Chapter 1: Oh My GoshIt was a nice warm morning at Hogwarts, and Hermione Granger was getting ready for classes. "Ginny! Have you seen my hair brush?" She was in a rush; she had just woken up. "I'm using it, Hermione!" Ginny had yelled. By the time they were done getting ready, it was 15 minutes until the morning classes started. They raced out of the common room, down the many staircases, and into the Great Hall. To their surprise, Harry and Ron were there."Why are you guys here?" Hermione asked Ron, as Harry and Ginny were too preoccupied with each other's face. "McGonagall asked us to be here, I don't know why- BLOODY HELL! Can you to keep off each other for five minutes!?" The two just ignored Ron as they made out. Hermione smiled, and sat down."Attention!" Prof, McGonagall was speaking. "Would the sixth, seventh and eight years please stay for a little while, and please straighten yourselves up as you wait." It was no surprise that she was looking at Harry, with his shirt untucked and crooked, and Ginny with her hair out of its ponytail and her bra in sight. Both were blushing majorly as they ran-most likely to a broom closet.As the younger years finished breakfast and the blushing couple came back, Prof. McGonagall got back up to the podium. She sighed, and spoke. "To those of you who are of age, it is to my great displeasureto announce that that the Ministry has put into affect a marriage law. You will be paired with who the Ministry deams fit, and are to be married and to be impregnated with a child within 6 months. You are to be given a letter in a few moments with your spouse's in it." Everyone was too shocked to say anything, until- "DRAKKIE POO! WE HAVE TO BE TOGETHER!" The look on Draco Malfoy's face when Pansy Parkinson said that was too funny. Everyone in the hall laughed, even Professor McGonagall had trouble keeping a straight face as she passed out the Ministry letters. Hermione's heart was pounding as McGonagall handed her letter to her. She opened it quickly. It read:Dear Ms. Hermione Granger,We are pleased to inform you that the Ministry of Magic has found you a suited partner. With this partner, you will be given an apartment in the Marriage Wing at Hogwarts. You and your partner must be married before October 1st, and must conceive a child the night of your wedding before midnight.Congratulations!your Partner is... Draco Malfoy.Hermione didn't finish reading her letter as she located said partner. His cold, grey eyes-filled with something she couldn't describe-were the last things she saw before she blacked out, drpping her letter to the ground.A/N: Sorry for the short chapter, unfortunately all pretty much all are like that. I hope you liked it! Please Review! Reviews are greatly appriciated!
