Harry gathered up his Transfiguration things and stuffed them into his bag, sighing. Ever since he came back to Hogwarts, he had been miserable. It seemed unnatural; he'd never felt this way within the walls of the warm old castle. But a lot of things had changed. Much of Hogwarts was rebuilt, and some parts were a completely new design, courtesy of Hermione. Hogwarts had also added an "8th year" for students who missed their 7th year due to the war, or if they merely wanted to return to their 7th year in order to properly learn 7th year content.The reason Harry felt so miserable was because he felt as though everything was moving on without him. Things had changed, and he knew that. He knew that Ron and Hermione finally realized their feelings for each other, which also mean they were practically never apart from each other. He knew that Ginny had found Blaise Zabini, and that they had hit it off, leaving Harry behind. He also knew that Draco and Pansy were falling apart, though he really didn't care. He just felt as though he was stuck in time while everything moved forward without him, leaving him behind.He trudged between his classes each day. He really had no passion. There wasn't much future for him as an Auror, as much of the threat had dissipated after the war. Rules weren't exactly being broken. The only thing he had looked forward to was Defense Against the Dark Arts, and the new post-war teacher, Professor Janus Camelthorpe taught like Umbridge, without the utter hatred of Harry. In class they read the book, and occasionally, say, once a month, they would have a practical day, on which they would practice the spells they read up about all month long.He felt empty. There wasn't much for him to look forward to, and all of his good times were memories of the past. The one thing Harry found solace in was flying. He had always trusted his Firebolt, but since he lost it in the war, he bought himself a shiny new Firebolt 2000 which flew better but felt worse. Though he missed his old Firebolt, he enjoyed the feel of the wind against his face, whether it was pleasant and warm, or sharp and cool.Quidditch just wasn't the same. The house rivalry had decreased sharply after the war, though there was much resentment toward the Slytherins. But everyone tried to get along with one another. The number of inter-house friendships and relationships skyrocketed after the war. Everyone put aside their difference and made new friends. Everyone except Harry.It wasn't that people didn't know about him, or want to become his friend. The media was still churning out post-war articles about the war, which heavily focused on Harry and his nonexistent post-war social life. It was more that most people just wanted to know Harry Potter, the Chosen One, rather than Harry, the awkward, silly, fun-loving, teenager who also sort of defeated the Dark Lord.Leaving Transfiguration, Harry was lost in his muddled thoughts when he bumped into someone. He mumbled an apology and quickly walked forward, keeping an eye out for Ron and Hermione. Hearing footsteps behind him, he braced himself for some sort of a confrontation-something he surprisingly had not gone through in awhile. Feeling a hand on his shoulder, he turned around."Hey there, er, Potter...How's it going?" a familiar voice asked. Harry looked up and met startlingly warm grey eyes. Draco Malfoy was sheepishly grinning at him.Harry looked up, confused. Why would Malfoy want to talk to him? Harry had politely thanked his mother for her aid, and Draco politely thanked Harry for saving his arse. Other than that, they had mostly avoided each other after the war. Harry almost missed the petty arguments they would have. He almost wished they were back, a way to make his life more interesting than it currentlywasn't."Erfine, I suppose," Harry replied nervously, unable to pull his eyes away from the magnetic grey ones."That'sI suppose that's good, then. Good for you," Malfoy replied, awkwardly. He slid his eyes away from Harry's surprised ones and looked away. He seemed to be forcing conversation."Eryeahthanks," said Harry, feeling very confused by the whole matter. Why would Draco Malfoy want to talk to you? His mind repeatedly asked. Malfoy dropped his hand from Harry's shoulder and put it in his pocket, glancing around nervously. Harry had forgotten Malfoy's hand was there in the first place."D'you want to ask me something?" Harry finally gathered the guts to ask. The situation was getting really awkward, and he was positive he was getting late to Herbology."Erm, well, erd'you suppose you'd want to walk to Herbology with me?" Malfoy asked uneasily. His face flushed a little. Harry was baffled. Malfoy was in his Herbology class? Since when? Well, Harry did mostly keep to himself these days, and hung out with Ron and Hermione whenever he could, feeling like a third wheel. But he was still surprised at Malfoy's request. What's he playing at? What does he want? Why is he asking me to walk with him? Harry's brain refused to relent."Yeah, I suppose," Harry responded, looking up to meet Malfoy's grey eyes. He saw a flash of something in his eyes before they settled back into that magnetic, warm, grey Shaking his head, Harry turned around and started walking. Malfoy took a couple large steps and caught up with him. They walked in silence all the way to Herbology, but Harry didn't feel much awkwardness. In fact, he feltnice. Something warm. Something almost unfamiliar, as he hadn't felt this way in a long time. The war had almost sapped Harry of his emotions, and Harry felt like he was finally taking a step towards getting them back.When they reached greenhouse 8, newly constructed for the 8th years, Professor Sprout looked up at them, releasing her grip on the Venomous Tentacula she was reviewing with the class."Hello there, Harry-oh! And Mr. Malfoy. You're lucky you made it just in time. Well, seeing as you are the last two, pair up and grab some gloves from the bucket. Please Head to Station 12 and begin reading the instructions on the pamphlet I've provided there." Bewildered, Harry only registered one thing.He was partnering up with Malfoy?
