Chapter 1Disclaimer: I do not own anything pertaining to the world of Harry Potter.Fred panicked looking for an escape from the madness and chaos surrounding him. "Psst, Fred!" he heard someone whisper from behind him. "Who's there?" he questioned, turning in circles unable to see clearly through the smoke and rubble from Hogwarts' second attack in a decade. "It's Hermione, follow my voice. I've got Harry's old Invisibility Cloak." He took a couple steps in her direction before feeling her cold, clammy hands grab his arm and pull him under the cloak with her. "What do you think you're doing just standing there? We didn't come back here to get ourselves killed!" Hermione whispered frantically. "I know, I know, what are you doing?" Fred asked, relieved Hermione was still alive. "Looking for you, of course. Come on, we need to get out of here before we get caught. The others are waiting," Hermione warned, then apparated from what looked like the end of the battle."Where are we at?" Fred questioned as they walked up the sidewalk to a two-story white brick house seemingly in the middle of nowhere. "New quarters for what's left of the order. We had to move so the Death Eaters couldn't find us again," Hermione explained, dragging Fred through the door and slamming it shut. "Fred! You're back!" Molly Weasley exclaimed as she threw her arms around his neck. "Mummum! I'm ok, can you let me go now?" asked Fred, prying his way out of his mother's arms. "Sorry, Fred, I'm glad you're ok. I think everyone's back now, right?" Molly questioned, beginning to calm down. "Fred was the last one of us there that I'm aware of. Everyone should be back by now," Hermione answered. "Good, good. Let's go have dinner now, everyone's waiting," Molly announced to Fred, Hermione, and the few others lingering around the room. As everyone cleared the room, Fred grabbed Hermione by the hand and pulled her back. "What's the matter?" Hermione asked as she pulled her hand back. "I just wanted to thank you for getting me back there. Those Death Eaters, they're a terror. It was nice to see a friendly face come up, especially yours. You're an amazing woman, Hermione, you really are. You're beautiful, talented, smart, clever. Don't let anyone ever tell you any different. II just thought you should know," Fred gushed before leaving the room, face turning beet red. Hermione didn't know what to do or say. She opened her mouth, but nothing came out. She let out a long sigh then made her way to the dining room for dinner.
