A/N Hi, this is a quick oneshot about James and Orla's meeting. You don't have to but you'll probably understand it more if you read 'The Phoenix and The Fox'. I know that the original story says he first sees her at the Sorting but that will be edited. Disclaimer: As much as I would like to, I am not a billionaire called J.K. Rowling so unfortunately, I don't own any part of the Harry Potter Universe. James hugged his sister quickly and playfully punched his brother before stepping onto the busy train. He sat down in a compartment and watched as a girl with bright blue hair hugged her mother goodbye. Her father ruffled her hair and waved as she stepped onto the Hogwarts Express. He sighed and continued searching for a tell-tale sign of Weasley hair."James!" a voice called from behind him. James turned and hugged Ashton Thomas. The two boys immediately settled down and ignored the hustle and bustle of the world around them.Amy groaned and leaned against a corridor wall, trust Ash to abandon her. She knew she should probably find a compartment but for the moment she was fine watching the students of Hogwarts. Someone dropped their trunk next to her and sat on it,"Guess I'm not the only one without a seat. Oh well, this trunk is quite comfy to sit on." the girl said cheerfully, her Irish accent was strong. "I'm Orla Finnegan by the way.""Amy Thomas, my twin left me to find his best friend so I guess sitting here is an alright plan." Amy stared for a few seconds at Orla's hair before smiling at her. James's big brother Teddy was a metemorphagus as well. Amy got to her feet and picked up her trunk,"Come on, we can go and sit with my brother, he shouldn't mind too much," Amy told Orla. They walked down the crowded train until they spotted Ash and James having a heated debate."I've told you Ash, the Harpies are the better team!""You're biased just cause your mum used to play for them!""My aunt Angelina used to play for Puddlemere and Teddy's been offered a place at the Arrow's but I don't support them!""He's right, the Harpies are the better team," Orla interrupted. The black haired boy grinned at her."Finally someone with sense arrives!" she laughed as Amy coughed loudly. "Amy!" he shouted and hugged her."Orla this is James Potter, James this is Orla Finnegan," Orla sat down next to James and pulled out a Firebolt magazine. Suddenly Amy sat up,"Is your dad Seamus Finnegan?" she blurted. Orla looked up, slightly bemused before nodding. "He's my godfather but I haven't seen him in like five years,""Wow, I thought this sort of thing only happens in movies!" the compartment burst into laughter. A red head peered into the compartment and grinned. He leapt in and put James in a headlock, James hooked his foot around the boy's ankle and pulled hard. The red head collapsed onto the floor but jumped up and rugby tackled James."Hey, when did Lily teach you that?" James said."Hello, do you two know each other?" Orla asked,"Fred Weasley at your service, Jamesie's cousin!" he said, giving her a mock bow."Jamesie? Seriously!" she giggled, her hair turned a deep yellow."Whoa! Another metemorphagus!" Fred grinned."So what house do you want to be in?" Amy asked."Gryffindor, like my dad." Orla replied, putting her Quidditch magazine down."Our family is in basically every house, out Uncle Percy's oldest daughter is in Ravenclaw and his other one is in Hufflepuff. Most of the parents were in Gryffindor though and James's big brother, and our cousin Victoire are in Gryffindor at the moment." Fred said. Just then, the door opened and a tall boy with turquoise hair poked his head in."Hey guys, the terrible trio reunited already I see," he grinned at Ash, Fred and James. He glanced at Orla and stared in disbelief at her. "Orla Finnegan? I used to help babysit you with my dad!" she looked at him quizzically. "Teddy Lupin, James's adopted big brother," he added at her look. He waved and left the compartment, James read her magazine over Orla's shoulder and they all seemed to relax.Even if they are in different houses, James thought, I think we'll be best friends for a long time.A/N (2) Please review and read our other stories, PM or review me if you think there should be more oneshot's like this one. 
