Hello! Three things that are good to know about this story:1) This chapter is a lot shorter than the ones coming up. 2) I'm not writing about every detail.3) I'm trying to keep the story and the pairings as close as possible to the books.Enjoy!"Dora!""Call me Tonks for gods sake, Hermione", Tonks said as she came up the stairs. "What do you want?"Seven-year-old Hermione stood in the doorway to the library."Can you, please, help me reach a book?" Tonks had her arms crossed and looked at her with an eyebrow raised. Hermione stared back for a second, before she gave up. "Tonks. Please help me, Tonks", she sighed."Sure", Tonks said happily and followed her into the library. Hermione pointed at a thick light green book on the top shelf. Tonks groaned."Really?" she said. "The top shelf?"Hermione nodded. Tonks sighed and started climbing the bookcase. She got the green book and jumped down."Thank you", Hermione said as she received the book. She went to her favourite armchair and sat down to read."Why do you read stuff like this?" Tonks said as she looked through the pile of read books at the table next to the chair. Hermione just shrugged. A sharp signal was heard through the house."Dinner", Tonks said. She took Hermiones hand as they went down to the dining room. The room was quite boring, with white walls and one single long table in the middle. Some women in aprons and less then a dozen kids were sitting on chairs around it. Most of the kids were under the age of three and no one was as old as Tonks. On the wall to the right from the door, were some pictures. Someone had painted the words Ministry of Magic's Home for Orphaned Children over the pictures. Just a few weeks after Hermione had come to this place, she had asked Tonks why it didn't just say Ministry of Magic's Orphanage? Tonks had not been able to come up with a good answer.Tonks' parents died before the war ended. She'd been eight. No one wanted to take in children at that time, so she had been stuck at the home. Then, when the war ended, there were many more orphaned children then usual. The ministry worked hard to get everyone a home. Most of them did, but not Tonks. She suspected herself that it was because some people freaked out when they saw her metamorph-ability. Others just wanted babies or toddlers. Tonks had grown older and soon she was starting Hogwarts. At that point, she had given up on new parents.Hermione, though, was a bit different. She had been five years old when she and her parents were in a car accident. As a wizard was involved in the accident, some ministry workers had been there. They immediately saw that Hermione, who was the only survivor, was a witch. They brought her straight to the home. Tonks was twelve at that point and she bonded with the little girl. She told her everything about magic and Hogwarts and quidditch. Hermione could already read quite well and she loved the home's library. When Tonks left for Hogwarts in the autumn, Hermione read most of the days and when there was something she didn't understand, she wrote to Tonks. Tonks would always answer. That's were she was, in the library, when visitors came to pick a child to take home. Hermione wasn't interested in parents or a family. She was happy with her books and Tonks.
