Tansy focussed on her cereal, ignoring the argument going on around her; it was only the second day of the summer holidays but everyone was already annoyed with each other. That was the problem with Brooklyn House; you couldn't get away from anyone for long. She stared down at the rough tabletop which was covered with crumbs and sticky rigs where drinks had been carelessly put down, and concentrated on shovelling down her food before someone started throwing things: Mealtimes at Brooklyn inevitably descended into a food-fight. She reached over for the orange squash, but as she did Big Tim knocked her arm and it went everywhere, mostly on Big Tim himself. He was never the most rational of people and he exploded upwards and thumped her hard on the arm. Everyone looked up from their breakfasts and a sudden hush fell on the room.'Stupid clumsy little b****!' Tansy tried to pull away, but he had hold of her sleeve. She could feel her heart pounding at the unfairness but, as he began to shake her, a sudden throb of energy shivered through her and he jumped backwards, letting her go and screaming as if she had burned him. It was just unlucky that Auntie Leigh chose that moment to walk through the kitchen door.'She burnt me the little b****!' Big Tim howled, sucking at his hand which had blistered into shiny red welts.'I didn't, I swear I never meant anything' Tansy stammered, and she felt herself blushing as everyone looked at her. 'I didn't do anything I promise' But as usual her protests were useless and she found herself locked in her bedroom again.It was only the second day of the holidays but so far she had spent them both locked in her bedroom. The day before, she had accidentally caused little Harry's toys to fly around the room and Uncle Paul had said that she was a nasty, bullying girl and had sent her to her room for punishment. If she was honest with herself, being locked in definitely had its merits; she could read as much as she wanted to and she didn't have to join in with any of the stupid activities that Uncle and Auntie tried to get the kids to participate in. So perhaps it wasn't the worst way to spend a summer; she stretched out on her bed and took out a book.Three hours later the doorbell rang, but Tansy was too deeply engrossed in 'Five children and IT' to pay much attention until she heard the sound of voices outside her door and a key turning in the lock.'You lock her in?' A stern voice asked.'Have to ma'm, when she's a danger to the other kids tha' is. Only this mornin' she burned another kid bad, wi' boilin water I think it was.' Uncle Paul never got his facts right Tansy thought bitterly, sitting up apprehensively.Uncle Paul showed a tall, black-haired woman, wearing a peculiar tartan suit, into the tiny bedroom. Tansy's apprehensions grew and her heart sank; this had to be a new care worker. It seemed to Tansy that she got through care workers like other kids got through sweets. It was never her fault that weird things happened; they just did seem to happen without her meaning them too but she could never explain how.'Laverstock, this is Professor McGonagall an' she's come to talk to you about a new school for you, not that they'll keep you for long like as not. Shall I leave you to it then Prof?' The woman nodded soberly and Uncle Paul left the room.Professor McGonagall didn't speak for a moment but stood looking at the girl, and Tansy felt her anxiety building until she just couldn't stand it any longer.'I'm sorry I really am', she blurted out, and then, because it seemed to her as if she had to go on. 'I didn't mean to hurt Big Tim but he was shaking me and it hurt and it just came out of me I didn't mean to I don't want to be moved on I only just got here' She trailed off. 'I suppose you don't believe me either...' She finished, despair leaking into her voice.The woman moved further into the room and sat down on the rickety chair where Tansy hung her clothes at night. She looked sternly down at Tansy through her square rimmed spectacles and Tansy felt her heart sinking even further.'I believe you.' The woman finally replied, and Tansy felt amazement thrill through her veins like a burst of electricity. 'The strange things that you cause are made by your emotions when you get scared or angry. You were born with magic in your blood and these things are a product of this magic.'Tansy bit her lip in sheer disbelief. Her confusion seemed to show on her face because the woman went on talking.'I know that it must seem a little strange to you but there are, in fact, thousands of witches and wizards living in secret all over Britain and the world. The things that you can do are proof that you have magic in your blood and I am here to offer you a place at our school where you will be taught how to use and control you're magic. The school is called Hogwarts.''So can you do magic then? Are you a witch?' Tansy whispered doubtfully.'Yes look' The Professor answered soberly. She withdrew a piece of stick from her sleeve and pointed it at the mug on Tansy's bedside cabinet which immediately turned into a crystal goblet filled to the brim with grape-fruit juice. Tansy's eyes were as round as saucers as she looked up at the Professor.'So... so... so I have a place at a magic school?' She stammered, wonder seeping into her voice.'Yes; your name has been down since the day you were born.' Professor McGonagall withdrew a slightly crumpled letter made from thick, yellowish parchment from her pocket and handed it to Tansy. Written in green ink across the front, in a strange loopy hand, were the words;Miss T LaverstockRoom 15Brooklyn HouseRoathCardiffTansy read the contents in wonder, her mind reeling; broomsticks wands cauldrons newts and owls and cats she looked up at the woman in amazement.'Can you buy all this in Cardiff?''No, but I am taking you to London to buy your things this afternoon. Come on; we have a train to catch,' came the brisk reply.THANK YOU for reading. I've never written a fanfic before and I just wanted to have a go at one because I have so many ideas for stories. Please review if you like/ don't like. I'll try and update soon.