The boggart was in the wardrobe. Everyone knew this and did not seem to find it as horribly frightening as he did. Everyone laughed and joked as they formed a line and Professor Lupin instructed them on the Ridiculous charm. Did they not realize that their greatest fear was about to step out into this very room? And if that wasn't enough, show itself to everyone? Or were they just too childish to have any true horrors worth exposing. Yes, that must be it. A snake. A hag. A mummy. Nothing truly horrifying."Harry. Harry. It's your turn now," Hermione said beside him. He walked forward a few steps. The jack-in-the-box turned to him and disappeared into a cloud of confusion. It was shifting. He took in an uneasy breath. He knew what it would be before he had even stepped up. He shut his eyes.Gasps sounded around the room, even a few snickers that could only be from Malfoy. He opened his eyes.A younger version of himself stood before him. He was very small. Most people probably thought he was five, but the two of them knew he was seven. The boy put a finger to his lips."Shhhh..." he says. "I have a secret." Harry couldn't move- couldn't breathe."I can't tell you... but I can show you." The boy's hand moved down to hold the hem of his shirt. "But you have to promise not to tell- Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon will get mad. They said not to ever tell or they would do it again." The boy started to pull up his shirt. Harry pulled up his wand."Ridiculous," he whispered. "R-Ridiculous."The boy continued to pull up the shirt. He was so skinny. You could see all of his ribs."Ridiculous. Ridiculous!" Nothing was happening. No one could find out. Harry realized he was crying.The shirt was off.Silence.Total silence.Bruises and cuts covered little Harry's chest."They beat me," little Harry says. "They punish me for being such an unnatural freak! And the sickest part of it all is that I don't blame them! I deserve it! I'm not normal! No matter how much I wish I was, I never can be! And it's all because no matter where I am, I'm a freak! Freak! Freak! Freak! Freak! Fre-""RIDICULOUS!" The little boy spun around quickly and turned into a top.Harry stood alone with his wand still pointed at where the boy had stood moments before. Tears ran down his face like rain drops down a windowsill.Silence again.Hermione went up to try to guide him away, but Harry just shrugged her away and stormed out.
