Gypsy Magic - The Yoska Frescka ChroniclesChapter 1: My Name is Yoska FresckaFor Yoska Frescka the castle of Hogwarts is perhaps more of a home than he has ever known. With its soaring towers and endless secrets the young wizard in training knows that he might never discover all of its secrets. And it is better that way. Even after six years of intensive magical study Yoska still finds himself tripped up by the little oddities that make life at his boarding school a constant little adventure.Yoska Frescka was all alone at Hogwarts. Despite being amongst wizards of his own age it is hard for the young man to feel connected to any of them. To the pure bloods that run the roost he is a filthy mud-blood, a child born of non magical parents. Not to say he wasn't popular, heaven forbid! Even those that might look down on his parentage for one reason or another acknowledge aspects of his skill set. One does not become captain of the Ravenclaw quidditch team without a certain amount of respect being earned. Still to people like Marcus Flint he was still lower class trash, or rather lower class trash that can catch a Snitch in a nosedive.So if he does not fit in with the pure bloods why not the Muggle born students? Surely they accept him as one of their own, a new comer to the world of magic. Old hatreds die hard though and even this portion of the wizarding community keeps the young Yoska at arms length. Simply put it is because of his background. Yoska Frescka is a Romani Gypsy. With his bronze skin, black hair, and brazen earring the sixth year certainly stands out as contrast for the predominantly English, Irish, or Scottish student body.So for the young wizard there exists twin targets on his back. Being Muggle born was a good way to anger some of the conservative wizarding families, but being a Romani wizard was unheard of. It sparks hatred on both a racial and magical level. Yoska despite being intelligent, athletic, and gifted in a variety of magical fields was doomed to a life of hardships. He is the hero of this little story, and his actions would come to impact the wizarding world in crucial way.Our story begins on a relatively normal day for Yoska. He is making his way toward the dungeons for another round of potions with the Hufflepuffs. His black robes whip behind him as he descends into the damp darkness of Professor Snape's lair. A few of his teammates offer him a quick hello and quickly move on to their own lessens. They do not want to be seen with him for too long. Yoska smiles and takes no offense, knowing that the affection of his teammates can be found on the practice fields tonight. Not in the magnificent corridors of Hogwarts."Hey Yoska!" A burly voice calls out to his backside, "Where you going Gyppo?"Yoska smiles and turns to face his challenger. No surprise it is Marcus Flint, captain Chaser of the Slytherin team. His muscles seem to want to rip their way out his emerald captain robes. It was technically against school policy to wear their uniforms any day besides game day but clearly the fifth year didn't care. Behind him are a pair of his seventh year Beaters, two equally thick and nasty looking boys."Sastipe," Yoska greets in Romani, "How are you Flint? Arm healing after your game against Wood's team?""Don't give me your Gyppo crap," Flint spits, "Why don't you jus' speak English like everyone else?""Why so hostile?" Yoska asks. He moves some of his long black hair out of his face, "No reason we can't be friends, I mean we're both captains after all. We should set an example for out teams.""Not on your life Gyppo. I just got to thinking," Marcus pauses and motions for his two Beaters to flank Yoska.The Roma wizard just keeps smiling at his advisory. Some girls claim (when anyone of social standing is out of earshot of course) that he must use a whitening spell to keep them so perfect. They make for a good contrast on his dark skin and it serves to further make Flint grow red in the face. His hand moves into his robes casually."Yes Flint?" Yoska kindly asks, "What's on your mind my friend?""Your team's undefeated this year isn't it?" Marcus asks while indistinctly giving his teammates hand signs, "Some are even saying that Ravenclaw might even take the cup this year. It would ruin our five year streak.""Why yes we beat Gryffindor and Hufflepuff in our first two matches," Yoska tells him while keeping up an upbeat smile. "They were good matches; I barely had time grab the Snitch from Wood's seeker. It was neck and neck. Good kid, shame he's graduating this year. I can't wait for our teams to play each other again; last year's match at the finals was so close.""See that's what I'm getting at." The Slytherin snaps his fingers. In an instant Yoska finds himself in the air, suspended by the Beaters, "If something tragic were to happen to you, your team wouldn't stand a chance this Saturday.""But I'm in perfect health," Yoska laughs, intentionally dropping his wand onto the dungeon floor, "I make it a habit to keep in shape.""You idjet he means we're gonna break yo legs," The Beater to his left snarls."Bloody 'ell 'ow you ever git into Ravenclaw?" The Beater to his right mocks, twisting his arm a bit."Marcus please tell your boys to let me go," Yoska calmly requests, "Fighting is against school rules after all.""Who's gonna hear ya?" Marcus taunts. He picks up Yoska's wand; eight inches made of dark ash with a rare black phoenix feather at its core. The boy throws it into the air and laughs as he catches it, "Checkmate.""You know I was gonna say the same thing," Yoska answers. Still smiling, Yoska closes his eyes, "Kele."The Romani word has powerful effects. Yoska's wand flies from Marcus's hand and into Yoska's. The second he grabs onto it he yells out the Lumos spell. Blinding light forces the two Beaters to release him. As they try to rub their eyes, Yoska rolls backwards so that he is facing the entire trio."Barban," Yoska cheerily whispers with a flick of his wand. His original spell works without a hitch, encompassing the three boys in a large pink bubble."Sorry about that guys." Yoska apologizes to the now silent trio, "That's one of my own little creations. It's a thin membrane of magic that allows me to capture anything I desire."In a panic Marcus decides to test the integrity of his prison by firing a curse a the trap. His spell bounces around the tiny prison in a ball of red light. The three boys duck as they try to avoid their captain's misplaced spell."Yeah I wouldn't do that again." Yoska tells them, "It should wear off in about an hour. I think. Until then be good little boys and behave yourselves." The young Roma looks at his wristwatch, "Oh it seems class is about to start. You guys are gonna be late if I don't help you out."Yoska lifts his arm and performs the Wingardium Leviosa spell. The bubbly prison floats harmlessly up the stairs, the three Slytherins screaming curses at their smiling warden. The young wizard waves them off as they disappear."That settles that," Yoska happily tells himself. A cold shiver runs down his spine and he hears the snap of a cloak. The Roma youth turns around, still smiling at his next encounter, "Morning Professor Snape."
