Hi! Please review and let me know what you thought about this chapter in the comments. The rain is striking my skin, freezing my bones and causing icicles in my hair, but I don't move. I'm sitting in the biggest tree in our family's garden, my limbs aching from being in this position for hours. My legs are drawn against my chest, my arms wrapped around as if a safeguard. Blood no longer covers me, having been washed off with the frigid rain, but the wounds still bleed, turning the water crimson. I know I look horrible. Hogwarts students would surely laugh at me. I don't particularly care, though. I haven't since first year. Maybe sixth year will be different.I'm freezing in this tree. I don't want to go inside, though. For inside holds father. He's furious with me. Earlier this evening, he brought home two young muggleborn girls. They were only my age, young and frightened, just as I was. They were crying and shivering, their whole aura radiating fear. My task was to kill them, as a final test on my path to become a Death Eater, as to follow in my father's footsteps. My father demonstrated the task by killing the first one quickly in front of me. I had drawn my wand, pointing it at the second girl's face. Tears streamed down her face, and she begged for mercy, sobbing into her hands. My hand had begun to shake. I had never killed anyone before. I had never planned to. But now I was expected to kill this frightened girl in front of me?"I can't." I had whispered, dropping my wand. A hissing noise had come from between my father's teeth, and I knew what would be coming soon. A sharp cracking sound came as my head was whipped around, backhanded by my father's hand. "Can't do it?" he had asked, fury shining in his eyes. I averted looking him in the eyes. "It's easy." He had hissed. Pointing his wand at his poor prisoner, he had spoken the dreaded spell: "Avada Kedavra." I flinched back, staring at the two dead bodies that lay beside me.My father had then turned to me. "Crucio."And now I was outside, wounds bleeding heavily into the rain. Of course, my punishment hadn't stopped at Crucio. No, it had continued into punches and kicks, and multiple spells I never wish to know the names of. The rain pelts down on me, cleaning my skin. That's why I love the rain. It cleans off all imperfections. If only it could clean my soul.It's not all bad though. Tomorrow I will be back to Hogwarts, to complete my sixth year. At least I'll be out of my father's grasp for a while. But something was bugging me.Why? Why couldn't I have killed her? One simple spell, a flick of the wand, and she would be dead. Simple, really. But not. I couldn't follow Voldemort. I wouldn't be a slave. A pawn in a game of death. I couldn't kill people. I couldn't torture people. Not after how I've been raised. Not after my father tortured me for the first time when I was two.I just couldn't. And now it's three am in the morning, and I'm still sitting in this blasted tree, just a few hours before I'm supposed to leave for school. So I force myself to go back inside, my limbs screaming in pain as I land heavily on the ground, reopening any cuts that had closed up. I get inside, to see my mother gathering up her rain coat, tears on her face and blood on her hands. I stop dead at the sight of her, truthfully. I haven't seen her all summer. She usually steers clear of me and father, preferring to drink Firewhisky alone downstairs. For a moment we just stare at each other, before she awkwardly hangs her raincoat back up, and then the silence reigns again.My eyes glue to her bloody hands, which she hides behind her back, embarrassed. "You're father asked me to take- take the bodies away." I nod. Her voice is scratchy, and her eye twitches nervously. She's usually so well cleaned up. The image of a perfect wife and mother. In reality, she's an alcoholic who doesn't care about her only son.I edge past her, brushing past her frail arm for a second, and feel it grasp mine, before letting go abruptly. I go on pretending I didn't feel it. I don't want to feel. I just want to be free of this curse I call a life."Draco." My mothers voice calls me back. I turn, confused. "I'm- I'm sorry." I raise an eyebrow. I know she's not just talking about tonight. She's talking about the time since I was two years old. I turn and walk away. I need to pack for Hogwarts. And I have no place for my mother in my heart.
