Acceptable, FinallyDisclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, just my OC's.Summary: George Weasley becomes smitten by an American muggle girl in muggle London. As nice as she is her shyness seems to cover a hurtful past, courtesy of an abusive ex-boyfriend. Can George help her love and trust again? Also he needs to pass inspection by her intuitive cat.Prologue: Hercule"Love me, love my cat"-unkownThe hustle and bustle of Diagon Alley was a bit irksome to me, so when I was adopted I was pleased when Sophia took me home to the muggle part of town. Yes I have always known about the magical and muggle lifestyles. As I was hopelessly awaiting my forever home a lady with thick, curly hair came in with another in tow, who seemed to be wide eyed with wonder. She was the same age as the former so I deduced that she was a muggle.I recognized the former as Hermione Granger; she would come in to pick up food for her cat, Crookshanks."and this pet shop is so wonderful," I heard her inform her friend, "I just have to get stuff for my cat and then we can meet up with Harry and Ron." Sophia nodded and looked around at all the creatures, when she made her way to my cage she overlooked me. I meowed to get her attention, when her green eyes met my gaze I knew she would be my person. You see, I think us pets are meant for a certain human. Sophia was mine."Oh, how sweet," she softly gushed. I was never referred to as sweet, people act like they've never seen a hairless cat before- at least, that was my impression from the cringes whenever people saw me. She went to one of the employees and asked how much I was."That one?" He waved his wand and my cage door opened. I lept onto the counter and Sophia scratched under my chin lovingly. I erupted with purrs. "No one ever gives him a second look, had him for two years."After signing the papers Sophia took me to her quaint flat in muggle London above a bookshop. My name became Hercule, I found its origin when Sophia was reading a novel in bed that night. It was a story about a detective named Hercule Poriot, there were several of his novels. I found out that my namesake seemed to be right on the nose.You see, Sophia met a guy and he smelt a little off to me; after a while I discovered that scent was from another woman. A few actually.Unacceptable.I commenced to growl and scratch at him whenever he came around the shop. When Sophia found out the reason for my behavior, she kicked whats-his-name to the curb.I also found out that she had gotten out of a really bad relationship beforehand. It became my mission to be Sophia's guardian. A couple guys came and went, none seemed right, especially when they made jibs at me. Sophia was not pleased. One of these days I think an acceptable young man will be worthy of sharing my person. I am a detective of character.
