Disclaimer - The Harry Potter World does not belong to me, I'm only playing with it.Also I am re-writing both chapters of this story and trying to finish it, so stay tuned!Set in Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone.With a long drawn out sigh, a blonde witch stretched ungracefully and tangled herself up in the crude white sheets that the Leaky Cauldron supplied. With a small squeak she rolled over too far and fell to the hardwood ground with a loud, rattling thump. Blinking slowly, the green-eyed witch slowly moved her legs carefully out of the sheets and stood up, clutching the still-warm sheets in her hands. The warm sunlight streamed through the gap in the moth-eaten curtains and she blinked irritably; it was too early for this...With another ragged sigh, she stomped heavily over to the dark brown wardrobe, pulling out a pair of faded skinny jeans and a daisy duck t-shirt; hurriedly pulling them on she grabbed her mahogany wand and darted out the nearly broken door to her room. She flew down the rickety stairs that creaked at every touch, and barreled into the kitchen of the Leaky Cauldron." 'Orning Tom." She muttered to the bald pub owner, who laughed heartily at her. Scowling, she crossed the large room to the fridge and grabbed the bacon sitting on a tray there, muttering an incantation that brought an already sizzling frying pan flying over, narrowly missing spilling hot oil all over Tom, who was whisking eggs. She dumped half of the bacon into the pan and carefully carried it over to the stove. Using too much magic around meat made it taste funny.Sticking her tongue out slightly, she carefully placed the sizzling bacon on the stove and blew a piece of hair out of her eyes and turned to look at Tom."Mornin' Ceddie, ready for t'e customers?" The middle-aged man smiled cheerily at her and she huffed in annoyance."If I have to serve that hag again..." 'Ceddie' muttered angrily as Tom flicked the sign over to 'Open!' on the door of the grimy pub with his wand. He glanced at her with a twinkle in his eye."Now now Ceddie, Mrs Herriwinkle ain't a hag... good mornin' Mr Serline, would ya like t'e usual?" And the patrons of the hotel and pub started coming down the stairs. Business time.After the usual customers had been served with a forced grin on their faces - especially after Mrs Herriwinkle, who insisted "That blasted girl ruined my bacon! These eggs are simply horrific! And what is this?" - the day wore on.When the sun had finally disappeared from the limited view out of the kitchen window, Cedrella threw her dirty apron at a grinning Tom before streaking out of the kitchen and out of the pub, quickly tapping the pattern to enter the beloved Diagon Alley and slowed to a walk down the busy, cobbled street. She wandered down the bustling street.It was late August now, and Hogwarts students tugged their tired parents from store to store, always coming out with more stuff. Cedrella heard snippets of conversation as she passed from store to store."...why can't I have the gold one...""...just stay here while we buy your books...""...chocolate frogs...""...liver spleen for Potions? Ick..."She chuckled lightly as she neared the dusty, old, slightly creepy shop, which had a faded purple cushion with a stick of wood placed on it in the window display. She looked up at the faded sign above the dusty shop: Ollivanders, Makers of Fine Wands since 382 B.C and grimaced, before pushing open the old door, setting off the little bell.newlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlineGarrick Ollivander was an old man, with a wrinkly face, squinting eyes, and old-person white sideburns. His hair was unkempt and messy, and he had the look of a man roughing it in the wild. He had a calm aura that threatened to suffocate him, but being calm and quiet was slightly unsettling to the families that streamed in and out of his shop all day. Garrick exhaled softly, thoughts drifting in and out of his unorganized mind; which was much like a child's drawing with crayon.He fiddled with the stick of Holly wood, attempting to add a Welsh dragon's heart string to the wood. Garrick was loath to use his wand for this operation; he hadn't used a Welsh dragon piece with this particular wood and the adventure was exhilarating; he didn't want his temperamental wand ruining this for him. If only his little child had been like him, instead of so very much like their mother. He knew his child would never pick up the fine art of wand-making, or feel the excitement and relief as a wand that they had made was chosen by a young witch or wizard, but he still bothered her about it. He couldn't help it, he chuckled as he paused in his fiddling, it frazzled her so. The child was overly fond of him, and didn't like denying the old man things if she could help it, which was quite endearing; although sickeningly sweet when in large doses.The small bell tinkled throughout the store and from the corner of his eye he saw a flash of mad curly blonde hair. Garrick smiled fondly, she decided to visit him. Turning, he placed the bench under a stasis charm, the visible blue dome not touching the unfinished wand in anyway, and smiled at his daughter, his darling Cedrella."I sold a wand today, Ella. The holly one with the phoenix feather; to Harry Potter."newlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlinenewlineAlbus Dumbledore's half-moon spectacles slid down his nose and his eye's lost their twinkle. The black-robed Professor Snape merely sneered at him, although Albus found no real malice in the action. He had expected something like this to happen, but for that wand to choose Harry...Things were more serious than they thought, and they'll need to train Harry as soon as possible."Thank you Severus for this... interesting tidbit of information. If you'll excuse me, I need to firecall someone." With the clear dismissal, the Professor swept out of the office.Albus decided that it was time to bring in the ultimate test for Harry."Sorry to bother you Nicolas..."
