Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, setting, ect. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended.Summary: A group of four people will come together in different ways. Best friends will become lovers and enemies will become friends, as they fight for their lives. Parings: Hermione/Harry, Pansy/DracoRated:T.Fight or FlightPrologueThe fifth year Gryffindor and Slytherin potion class was waiting for there teacher, Professor Severus Snape. He was the head of the Slytherin house, and most feared teacher by his students. He was late. Normally, he was never late for their class.Fifteen minutes later, Professor Snape, stormed into the classroom. He was angry. His body was tense. His hands were in front of his body, holding several pieces of crumpled papers. He made his way to the front of the room, as the door opened for the second time.In walked Professor Umbridge. She was wearing her pink robes, that she wears everyday. Some of the female student body were thinking that she was wearing the same pink robes everyday. Professor Umbridge, went into the back of the class, and took a seat."Class," said Professor Snape, "the Minstry of Magic wanted Professor Umbridge, to observe one of our classes today. She will be observing. So pretend like she is not here.""Thank you, Professor," said Umbridge, with her brown clip board in her hands. "Now continue teaching your class."Professor Snape wanted to roll his eyes at that witch. He hated her as much as he hated the students. As seeing he had more restraint, then the students he didn't bother to roll his eyes. "Now, that is out of the way, I will be splitting the class up into groups of four. The groups will be Pansy, Draco, Harry, and Hermione for group one. Group two will be Lavender, Neville, Ron, and Crable. Group three will be Parvatil, Blaise, Theo, Goyal."The groups of four went next to their partners. Harry Potter was staying farther away from Malfoy, while Pansy was nearly close on top of Draco."Now that you are in your groups," drawled out Professor Snape. "I will now tell you what you will be attempting to make in this class today. Every group will be making a different potion that I will hand out to you in a few moments. These potions aren't normally in your regular potions book, but are in your year studies approved by the minister himself."Professor Snape handed out a piece of paper to each group. In the first group, Harry grabbed the paper first."I can't read this," he said, "I think it is in another language."Hermione grabbed the paper out of his arms. Her light brown eyes widened. "Your right, Harry, and the language is in Latin.""Wow," drawled Draco. "I didn't know that you, even knew what Latin was.""Are you forgetting that she is a bookworm." Pansy added."How clever," said Hermione, rolling her brown eyes. She stared at Draco. "Just because I'm a Muggle born doesn't mean I don't know Latin. In fact, my grandmother on my father's side taught me how, at the age of five during the summer.""Interesting," drawled Draco, as he had a thoughtful look on his face. "Not really interesting if you think about it.""What does that paper actually say?" Harry questioned. He wanted to get this assignment out of the way so he could get away from Malfoy. He didn't want to be near him whatsoever."Pax interira," said Hermione."Umm," said Pansy, putting her hands in her hair. "Can you please say that in English?""It means peace is within," said Hermione, looking at the other two Slytherins."I never heard of it," said Harry, looking confused."That's because not a lot of people have," said Draco, biting his lip. "This potion was has been lost for centuries.""How do you know this?" questioned Hermione."From my family library," said Draco. "In a family journal that has all of the inventions that were created by a Malfoy. Some were passed on the general public, and some were only used privately for a Malfoy.""So what does it do?" questioned Pansy."I will tell you, but first I'm give you the background of what this potion does," said Draco."Okay," said Hermione, looking at him."Centuries ago, around the time of the founders, witches and wizards have had more than one child just to blend in with the surrounding Muggles. Most of their children were magical and always liked to bicker and had some sort of sibling rivalry. House elves, at that time never looked after the children, as seeing wards on houses weren't developed yet. Mothers, and sometimes fathers were tired of their bickering, and wanted them to become quiet. So an ancestor of mine brewed this potion. It takes the rivalry out of someone for a couple of hours," said Draco.Harry smiled, "This should be easy."Draco smirked at him, "Wrong, this potion takes two weeks to make. That is why they only used this on children when it was is needed. Or when their out in public.""Great," said Harry, running his hands through his black hair. "I thought that this would be something quick.""Nope," said Draco, smirking."Well, then, I think that we should get to work," said Hermione, biting her lips.For the rest of the class period, Hermione, Harry, Draco, and Pansy, all worked together without fighting. They were polite with one another, but they didn't go all out and become friends.Five minutes before the class ended, the six groups all put their different potions on the back counter. Suddenly, both Pansy and Hermione tripped, landing in Draco's and Harry's arms. They were standing next o their potion, when Ron, suddenly tripped on the floor. Some of his potion landed in the first's groups. A puff of black smoke covered four students.
