Willing Chapter 1 This is a BDSM story so if you don't like reading things like that please don't leave a review after reading it when I've clearly said what kind of story it is. There is also strong language in this story, or at least you might think so...I don't but I also know we are all different - some of us don't even swear so...yeah strong language it is. This is a Snarry (what's new there eh? lol) Dom -Severus/Sub-Harry. Now this is my first real attempt at this kind of story so you will have to bear with me. It won't be one of those stories where he's beaten into submission or broken and completely different from what he was when the story started...Another warning...this will have had SS/HP while Harry was underage (in the past just mentioned though i'm not writing it lol), but Sev won't have known I don't want to say too much and ruin it ;) you'll find out in the next chapter. This story is starting when Harry is seventeen years old. Any questions just leave a review and I will respond. Finding Harry Potter Albus Dumbledore had petitioned for years to be allowed to see the confidential records belonging Harry Potter. Even a chief warlock of the Wizengamot didn't help; nobody was allowed to see them, not even the Minister of magic. You had to have done something very wrong, on a grand scale, for the records to be seen, never mind used. Everything in the confidential records was Harry's blood type, his magic strength, all bouts of accidental magic, known about or otherwise. Each person's magical signatures were unique. When the babies were born in St. Mungo's at least, or Hogwarts, blood was taken, magical strength was recorded, and yes even their magical signature was embedded in a strip of papaya parchment, which lasted longer than normal writing parchment, they'd discovered post Founders time.It had taken him six years to find out which room held the confidential records, and another additional year to figure out the wards and spells surrounding the place. He should be grateful; they'd once been kept in the bottom, deepest layer of Gringotts. Then the war with Grindelwald, the Minister got exasperated at having to travel down there each time treason was committed. Which was what they'd called it when someone joined Grindelwald's side. They'd had them moved, having the goblins help secure the room, for a very good price, one even goblins couldn't say no to. Then it came to Albus one day, like a stroke of lightening. All because of something he had seen days agoa house elf Apparating into Gringotts for its Master. House elves could get through wards undetected. Of course he couldn't risk anyone finding out, or he would face a very long prison sentence. So he would have to use his personal house elf, the Hogwarts house elves had been given too many liberties to trust them fully to keep their mouth closed."Bumble," demanded Dumbledore, calling for his house elf, excitement thrumming through him. He would soon be able to find Harry and begin training him; soon Voldemort would be dealt with. He believed the prophecy so fully, that he didn't dare deal a striking blow to Voldemort."Yes sir?" asked bumble making an appearance, he was a very old house elf, and he'd served the Dumbledore family for three generations. Although he'd been sent away to look after a different property when the Dumbledore's had moved to Godric's Hollow. After his Master had been sent to prison, bumble hadn't been trusted to look after Ariana Dumbledore. He had failed his family, in his eyes, yet as soon as Albus was old enough, he'd taken on his services."I need you to enter the records room and bring me Harry Potter's file," said Albus Dumbledore his twinkle nowhere to be seen. This showed bumble that his master was serious and this mission was extremely important."Yes sir," said Bumble bowing before he disappeared.Albus stayed where he was, holding his breath, praying to Merlin this worked. For the past seven years he'd been looking for Harry Potter, using all resources at his disposal. Which was quite a lot, but over the years they'd all come up empty. Harry Potter seemed to have faded of the face of the earth at the age of nine. He'd taken a lot of heat because of that. Everyone knew he'd taken Harry to the Dursley's that night, and nobody had been happy about it. Legally there was nothing they could do though, since technically the Dursley's were his last remaining family. The Wizengamot had brought them up on charges, abusing a wizard just wasn't done, they were cherished. The fact that Muggles had done it so enraged the entire wizarding community. They'd tried to abolish the rule against Muggles in Azkaban, wanting them to pay very heavily for what they'd done. Unfortunately not everyone had been amendable to the idea, Muggles didn't belong in Azkaban. So they'd been sentenced to a Muggle prison, which was actually worse, child abusers and child killers were not popular in prison. Petunia and Vernon had been imprisoned and their son went to his only remaining family, Vernon Dursley's sister, Marge. This had all come about when Harry didn't show up for Hogwarts when he was eleven. When Vernon had been put under Veritaserum, and all the damage he'd inflicted upon a defenceless child came out, there was those out there who believed Harry was dead. How could any child have endured all that and survived? Especially on the street? It seemed impossible really. Yet most believed because he'd survived the killing curse, he could survive this and save their world too.As the seconds ticked by into minutes Albus felt his bubble burst, had he been caught? If so he could be traced to him, perhaps he should Obliviate himself of the knowledge, that way he couldn't be implicated. It certainly wouldn't be the first time, he usually removed the memory placed it in his pensive, Obliviated the 'ghostly' memory as you could call it that's left, then of course put it back afterwards. He hadn't survived the wizarding world so long by being stupid.Just as he had given up all hope, Bumble appeared before him, with that all important folder clutched in his gangly hands. Albus all but grabbed it from the poor elf, and begun reading everything. With triumphant eyes, he picked up the papayas, now he would have Harry Potter here before nightfall.Grabbing one of his trinkets surrounding his desk, he let the papayas scroll touch it, and began chanting. The next time the boy used magic, considering he was seventeen and untrained he'd bet his fortune it would be quite frequent. Once the glow faded from the dark detector, he placed the papayas back into the folder. He couldn't keep it unfortunately, it was just too risky. Considering he had been the one contesting to see it for the past seven years, they'd suspect him straight away. Taking a deep breath, things were finally looking up."Return this, and then go home," said Albus passing him the closed folder."Yes sir," said Bumble disappearing once again.Albus slumped onto his chair, he was a step closer to Harry, and hopefully he'd use magic soon. Hogwarts was starting back up in three weeks, and he wanted the boy to be ready by then. He would join the other seventh years; three weeks would be enough time to get him caught up. Of course he'd have to ask the others to assist, Minerva would be glad to help. Hopefully so would Flitwick, but he knew Severus wouldn't be happy. The man was currently away from Hogwarts; perhaps it would be best to call him in. Severus had been searching for Harry as long as he had, and nobody was better than Severus at tracking people. No, he would wait until the boy did magic, then call a few Order members."Albus are you feeling alright?" asked Minerva, the man looked as though he had ants in his pants. He was barely eating his dinner, and he had a dark detector on the side of the table. There were only a few teachers here this summer, Filius, Minerva, Albus, Pomona and the Librarian Irma Pince. There was of course Cuthbert Binn's, the ghost teacher who didn't come to meals for obvious reasons, he couldn't eat. Argus Filch was also another person within the school. He chose to eat in his office, staying out of everyone's way. Nobody could blame him, he was a squib in a magical school filled with budding wizards and witches, and of course qualified ones as well. Hagrid usually remained all year around also, but he was curiously absent this summer."I am fine Minerva," said Dumbledore, all day he'd been waiting impatiently for the detector to go off, yet nothing as of yet had happened. Not even a little peep and he was quickly loosing his cool. Many would think Albus could be patient, considering his age. On this though, he wasn't patient, he wanted Harry Potter safely within Hogwarts. He would find him and get the acclamation for finally bringing their lost hero back home again."If you insist," said Minerva still staring curiously, she hadn't seen Albus so energetic for a long time. He'd been so weighed down by the guilt he carried around; her first words when she found out probably hadn't helped matters. She'd thrown in his face, what she'd said the night Harry was taken to Privet Drive. That she had told him they were the worst sort of Muggles. Harry had paid a heavy price for their actions; she didn't believe Harry was alive. No child could bear the brunt of that kind of abuse and still be alive, especially without getting treatment and living on the street."Have the letters all gone out without a glitch?" asked Albus, changing the subject onto something else."Yes," said Minerva. "Hermione Granger and Draco Malfoy have accepted their positions as Head boy and girl." no doubt when they found out they'd be rooming together for the next year it would be explosive to say the least. Draco Malfoy had constantly bullied Hermione for years. She'd eventually learned to stand up for herself, a bit late, but better than never. They both always competed for top marks in quite a few classes."Good, good," said Albus, "I'm glad to hear it." not many people actually turned down the chance to be Head boy or girl, but in the past few years, with Voldemort back they'd had their share. Somehow word had got out that he took a special interest in them. It had scarred them beyond belief and refused the honour the title bestowed upon them."I still think Padma Patil would have been a much better choice." said Filius, he had not been happy that once again another Gryffindor had acquired the position of Head girl. It had been years since a Ravenclaw was elected for such an honour. Padma had been picked as Prefect as well, so Filius thought very highly of her."She's an excellent student," agreed Albus, "However, Hermione Granger has consistently higher grades, as she was a prefect her grades didn't suffer whereas Padma Patil's did, we are only thinking of your student Filius." he was used to the arguing, and always knew how to calm them down."Well, they did suffer slightly," grumbled the Charms professor in reluctant agreement of the Headmasters words."Well I do believe I have an entire tray of correspondence with my name on it." said Albus standing up, "I shall bid you good evening and see you tomorrow."Everyone bid him goodnight, Minerva though watched him leaving. He had a jump in his step; she was definitely going to speak to him soon. Something was up, she knew Albus well enough to know.Albus had taken his dark detector to bed that night, charming it to make noise instead of lighting up. He wouldn't see the charm go off while he was asleep now would he? So noise was the next best thing for him. Not that he got much sleep; he'd tossed and turned the entire night. Waiting for the boy to use magic, but each hour that passed his hope faded fast. Just because the charm worked it didn't mean Harry was alive. He took the trinket with him everywhere, even to the toilet not wanting to take the chance of missing it."Albus what are you up to?" asked Minerva coming into the Headmaster office, the wizard was currently writing with one of Fawkes feathers. It was gold and red; it matched the room's colours scheme perfectly.Albus stared at his Deputy Headmistress curiously, not understanding what she was implying."You have been much toohyper these days, have you been eating too many Lemon Drops again?" asked Minerva, she knew he laced them with calming draughts; he was addicted to the stuff. During the war everyone needed something, and that was Albus' vice.Albus made himself look contrite; he couldn't tell her what he'd done. He couldn't tell anyone, they wouldn't understand. They would see it was a betrayal, he'd done it so be it, the wizarding world was too important for him to play by their rules. Harry had a duty to perform, and to do that he needed found and trained. Which would be easy, no doubt he'd be shocked and awed by their displays of magic and want to learn himself. Just like all Muggle born children were upon being introduced to the wizarding world. Harry might not be Muggle born, but he was indeed Muggle raised."Albus, you know this isn't good for you," said Minerva, shaking her head despondently, completely buying Dumbledore's guilty look. Evidently she didn't know him as well as she thought. "You heard Poppy the long term affect it has on you won't be good.""I understand Minerva," sighed Albus, scribbling his name at the bottom of the paperwork before giving her his undivided attention."You are worrying about Harry again aren't you?" asked Minerva taking a seat, obviously there to stay much to Dumbledore inward exasperation."I just wished I knew where the child was, if he is okay." said Albus tiredly. The lack of sleep was now getting to him."Albusdo you really believe he could have survived all those years on the street?" asked Minerva, this was where they always disagreed."I pray he did, you know how important he is to our world." said Albus, if he had survived Voldemort, he had to have survived his Uncle; he had a prophecy to fulfil. He believed the boy was alive, and he would never give up hope, he probably wouldn't believe it if he'd seen proof of Harry's dead body. That's how much he believed in divination, ironically enough Voldemort believed in it too."How can you say that? He was just a little boy Albus, not something to be paraded around to the masses!" said Minerva; she knew she couldn't stay here, when Albus started this she just couldn't keep her mouth shut. "Excuse me Albus, I have classes to prepare for."Albus sighed, he hated having these arguments with Minerva, and unfortunately they'd never agree on this. She'd soon see Harry was alive and well, he just had to be patient sooner or later his magic would react. Then the world would see, and soon Voldemort would be destroyed for good. He had all of the Horcrux's destroyed, without the insane wizard knowing. He had put wards up after he collected them, so when Voldemort did go back, he'd know.Albus dug himself into his letters, replying when he must, or filling out yet more forms. Most important ones, such as scholarship forms, for students who wanted to attend but couldn't quite afford it. Which was mostly Muggle born's, pureblood's and half bloods began saving from the moment their child was born or displayed magical talents. With the exception of the Weasley's who hadn't been able to afford to send their kids without scholarships.Albus sighed in exasperation as yet more owls began bothering him. He never got a seconds peace, taking the letters he let the owls go. And dealt with them, he might as well, instead of waiting on them piling up like they did during the school year. Then as if by divine providence the dark detector lit up, and Dumbledore's entire expression changed to one of supreme satisfaction.Hurriedly he grabbed his Floo powder and yelled into the flames Marauders den. He came through in Grimmauld Place, the bright cheerful kitchen welcoming him. The two wizards were looking at him curiously, wondering why he'd come."I've found Harry, would you like to accompany me?" asked Albus calmly, as if he wasn't excited.Remus and Sirius stood up nodding their heads eagerly, "How did you find him?" asked Sirius his blue eyes alight with eagerness."Someone thinks they've spotted him, now we must go quickly, hold on." said Albus, both wizards did as they were told and before long they found themselves in a Muggle street. Thankfully there weren't many people there, when they did notice them, they just shrugged it off as not noticing them, you could do magic in front of Muggles and they wouldn't believe it. They would just assume it was a stunt, not many Muggles really believed in magic any more, and that's the way the Wizarding Ministry wanted it."I can't see him," said Sirius looking around, his eagerness fading to apprehension, he couldn't see anyone that looked like James even the slightest."He's here," said Albus, he'd been guided by the boy's own magic in a sort of forced Apparation to his side. He was somewhere around here, and he quickly used magic on those he sensed didn't have magic to make them want to leave the area. He couldn't have anyone around when convincing Harry of magic now could he? He was probably confused about it all, the weird things happening around him."I wished it was closer to the full moon," said Remus, there was a first for everything, and him saying that, was definitely the first time. Remus hated the full moon, and wished he didn't turn into a wolf. Remus inhaled trying to get a whiff of Harry's scent. He hadn't smelt him in years, but he'd never forget the boy he loved smell."Are you sure your contact was right?" asked Sirius still looking around the street."Yes, he's right, positive about it in fact." said Dumbledore allowing them to believe what they liked."It's him," said Remus, his eyes fixed on the figure walking out of a shop.Sirius followed Remus' line of sight and his blue eyes lit up, he did look similar to Jamesnot as much as he'd imagined over the years. He wondered if Harry would be good at Quidditch, just like his dador transfigurationor what Animagus he'd have and what Patronus. He was going to have so much fun with Harry, telling him stories about his dad; he finally had his godson within arms reach."It is," said Dumbledore, the magical signature was the same, the closer we got to Harry the more the dark detector buzzed in his robe pocket."Harry!" called Sirius a grin spreading across his face, he was alive and well. He couldn't believe his good fortune; life was finally looking up for the Animagus.Harry looked back, hearing his name being called, not many knew him by that name. He took one look at their clothes, and the old man before he burst into a run. He knew who it was, and he'd be damned if he went with him. He didn't dare look back, but he could hear them running after him. Being on the streets, Harry had learned to run quite fast, and knew the ins and outs like the back of his hands. Unfortunately that didn't quite match up to three adult wizards who could Apparate."HELP! THIS PERVERTS TRYING TO KIDNAP ME!" yelled Harry when hands wrapped around his midsection. It would have amused Harry at how quickly the black haired guy let him go if he wasn't so worried.Sirius felt sick by the accusations coming out of his godsons mouth, "Harry, calm down I'm your godfather, we are here to take you home." he said, as the three wizards surrounded him leaving Harry no way to escape."Fuck off you disgusting mother fucker!" cursed Harry, kicking him in the balls, using that to try and get away. He took a few steps then his world went black, as he felt magic hit his back."What did you do that for?!" said Sirius rushing to Harry's side."We cannot continue this here, we must get him to Hogwarts," said Dumbledore."Come on, let's go its getting crowded again," said Remus he could sense the people round the corner.Albus wasted no time; he held onto Harry and Apparated them both to the gates of Hogwarts. Then proceeded to float the stunned seventeen year old through the halls and up to the room he'd had prepared earlier for him. Sirius and Remus followed behind him like puppies."Come in and shut the door, we cannot have him fleeing again." said Albus.Remus closed the door as he and Sirius entered, Sirius seemed rather bewildered by the events that had just transpired. He had expected hugging, crying and long conversations. Nowhere in this world had he thought he'd be called a pervert by his own godson! It made him sick to his stomach, and truth be told he didn't want Harry to wake uphe couldn't take any more harsh vitriol coming his way."Enervate," said Albus, once Harry was on the bed."Where the hell have you fuckers taken me?" cried Harry as he warily looked around the room. His heart was pounding away in his chest erratically like an off beat drum."Calm down Harry, you are safe here, it's a school for special people like you." said Remus quietly, "You have magic, magic that can do wonderful things and if you let us help youyou can harness that power.""I don't want your fucking help old man, now let me leave." snapped Harry his green eyes flashing furiously."We need to get rid of that language as well, it's not becoming of such a young man to curse like that." said Dumbledore observing Harry critically."Screw you," said Harry his lip curled in a manner that reminded the three of a certain Potions Master. "So what are you going to do then? Keep me a fucking prisoner? You can't make me do fucking anything.""Is it not better being here? Somewhere warm, with a bed to sleep in and all the food you could eat?" said Albus kindly, "With magic you could go on to do great things."Harry stopped glaring, looking around a thoughtful look on his face, "Wellit would be nice." he said with a vulnerable hint to his face."It's a castle, it's beautiful! You'll love it here Harry your mum and dad attended!" said Sirius eagerly joining in now that Harry seemed to have stopped cursing."A castle?" asked Harry his eyes going wide, "Really?""Yes!" cried Sirius with abandon, "Come on I'll show you around!"Harry bit his lip, staring at them in contemplation, "Fine." he said grudgingly, walking towards the door with Sirius. As soon as it opened, Harry jerked passed; slamming the door closed in three of their faces and bolted. He ran quicker than he'd never before in his life, cursing every few minutes when there seemed to be more than one bloody corridor."HARRY STOP!" yelled Sirius, his voice sounding everywhere."Shit," said Harry as his chest heaved with exertion; he'd been running non stop for ten minutes trying to find a way out. It really was a castle then, which sucked big time; it meant getting away would be harder."HARRY!" yelled Remus.Harry rounded yet another corner, and came face to face with big double doors. Doors that led outside, taking a deep breath he bolted for it. If they caught sight of him he'd just be hit with that spell again. Not something he was keen on at all, nobody was around, and that was good. He managed to get within feet of the doors before they closed on him, bolts sliding into place making it impossible for him to get away."It's seems you cannot be trusted," said Albus coming forward, a sad look on his aged face. "This is for your own good my boy." another spell hit him and he was out for the count.Harry moaned in agony, clutching his head, my god it hurt like hell. He'd soon learn that leaving the stunning spell on and making it wear off on its own would cause it. He was back in that bloody room again, he jumped up and tried to open the door. He grumbled but wasn't surprised when it didn't open for him. Then he noticed the bracelet, it wasn't his! He found to his confusion that it wouldn't come off."Morning Harry," said Sirius coming in with a tray of food. "Are you feeling better?" he avoided touching Harry, not wanting any accusations levelled his way."Is there a knife on that tray?" asked Harry glaring at Sirius unnoticed since the black haired man wouldn't meet his face."Erm yes, why?" asked Sirius finally looking up as he placed it on the table."Because I'm going to gut you with it you disgusting fucker," snarled Harry grabbing it and advancing on the wide eyed wizard, who gulped fearfully stumbling back. "Trust me I'd like nothing more than to kill all of you, spineless, useless fucking arseholesand I'd be within my right seen as you've kidnapped me."Sirius squeaked before stumbling back through the portrait and locking Harry back in. He slumped against the door, tears of frustration making their way into his eyes. This wasn't how he imagined finding his godson all those years. He couldn't stand it, seeing him like this, he wouldn't go back in there, he absolutely refused.LMAO! poor Sirius Poor Remus! but hey, such as life! harry doesn't trust anyone...apart from one person and he should be making an appearance in the second chapter ;) lol what did you think? do you like this Harry? he's got a viciousness that's been bred into him from living on the streets. will Harry ever get along with Sirius and Remus or will the hatred continue? will Harry manage to get away? or will he meet Severus before that can happen? R&R; PLEASE let me know what you think!
