Disclaimer: all characters and settings belong to the brilliant J.K. Rowling. The wedding was small and simple. The small gathering consisted solely of the Weasleys and Harry. The ministry official over saw the proceedings and a kind yet still very to the point wizard, as referred by Arthur, performed the ceremony.Rings were exchanged, vows were echoed back and forth, and Fred kissed Hermione chastely before they were announced to be husband and wife, exchanging rings that only their spouse could remove for them and that were silver but were promised to turn gold once the marriage had been consummated. It was surprisingly quick and easy.The couple was then whisked away by the ministry official to a small meeting room where they were briefed on the various requirements of the law and told of the random checkups they might be receiving at any time and the penalties that would be implemented if they were found to not be adequately adhering to the new law. Hermione blushed and bit her tongue throughout the entire conversation and she could feel Fred tensing beside her as the official went on and on about the rules of his new marriage.When they were finally permitted to return to their very few guests, fully intending to say their goodbyes and just be on their way, Mrs. Weasley sprung on them the fact that they were all going to the Burrow for a grand dinner she had spent all morning preparing for. Hermione, though in no mood for any sort of festivities, didn't have the heart to decline Molly's invitation after the woman had offered the information of how early she had woken up to be ready for the evening. Fred shared a look with his new wife at his mother's joy and excitement but once he received a slight nod from Hermione, he thanked his mum and prepared to apparate to his childhood home.Dinner was an odd affair. Hermione was quiet, not that she was usually loud, but her smile didn't quite reach her eyes and it seemed as though she drifted in and out of her surroundings throughout the whole ordeal. Fred tried to joke around with George and Charlie as per usual, but he, too, was only half there sometimes. He couldn't recall the middle bit of George's speech to him and Hermione and he felt a little guilty about that. He knew his brother had put a good amount of effort into that speech.After they had finished dinner, the whole group of them moved into the living room and Bill helped Ginny fix tea for everyone while their mother had Fleur's help with the dishes. Hermione was quietly debating with herself over where she should sit-there was space beside Fred, but would that seem as though she was trying too hard?-when Harry came over to her and took her hand."Do you want to talk?" he asked gently.Hermione found that she was suddenly unable to speak entirely and the feeling of being overwhelmed hovered over her like a wave about to crash. She nodded dumbly and Harry gave her a small smile before leading her outside, hoping the fresh air would ease her a bit.With hands firmly on her shoulders, Harry steered his friend over to a bench off to the side. He sat her down and met her distant gaze, his emerald eyes staring in to hers. His breathing was deep and she mimicked it just as he'd unconsciously intended her to do."I'm listening," he told her."I don't know what it is," Hermione admitted. "Yesterday I was fine. I was completely okay with all of it. But today...now that it's all happening...now that we're actually...I just don't know how it's going to work anymore. I'm not ready for this." She planted her elbows on her knees and leaned forward, her face in her hands as she breathed deeply and pressed her temples. At least she wasn't crying. She knew that neither her nor Harry could handle it if she cried.Harry sat down beside her and wrapped a comforting arm around her shoulders. "Hermione, it's going to be alright. It's Fred. You've known each other for years. He cares about you. He'll...Fred will take care you and you'll always have us, too, okay? You're not alone in this."Hermione let out an unsteady sigh. "I don't need taking care of. It's not that. I mean...Fred is a wonderful person. I could have done much worse. But I don't know how to be a wife. Much less a mother in a limited amount of time. I haven't planned that far. I haven't any idea what I'm doing."Harry chuckled. "Hermione, that's ridiculous. I don't know anyone else more equipped and ready to be a mother than you. You're going to be a wonderful mum. And I'm sure you and Fred will be great together. You just need a bit of time. Don't worry yourself.""Harry," Hermione went on in a small voice, "what about tonight? What if I'm not ready for that?"As she felt her cheeks heat to a brilliant scarlet, she desperately wanted to take the question back. A quick peek at Harry told her that he was tinged pink as well."Don't worry about that," he told her. "I'm sure...it's Fred, I'm sure you have nothing to worry about."She looked at him with curious eyes. "What do you mean by that? That it's Fred?"Harry shrugged helplessly and Hermione felt even more uneasy.Now at a loss for words of encouragement, Harry resorted to enveloping her in a hug, holding her tightly and telling her one last time that things would be okay.She wondered if she would be happy with that. If she would be happy with okay.George watched his twin with interest. Fred kept glancing at the door, an expression of concern etched on his features."What is it?" George asked, plopping down next to brother and nudging him. "Can't wait to get out of here with Hermione?"Fred either hadn't heard him or just didn't find the comment even remotely funny at the moment. Either way, George got no reaction from him."Harry took her outside," Fred said flatly."Oh," George said with a nod. "Well, you know, they're probably just talking."Fred shook his head. "It's not that. It's that I know they're talking about me.""Fred.""She's miserable George!" he exclaimed. "She doesn't want to be married to me.""And you were so keen to marry her?" George retorted sarcastically."I wasn't totally opposed to it," Fred defended. "Besides, I want to make this work. If we're going to be married...and have a child...I just think we could actually do this but she doesn't seem to even...""Fred, it isn't you," George told him. "This is Hermione Granger. She didn't want to marry anyone. She doesn't like being told what to do."Fred had to laugh at the truth in that."It will work out," George assured. "You're one of the best blokes about here, second only to me. She'll warm up to you.""I hope you're right.""I'm always right!" George said."No, she's always right," Fred contradicted."When have I ever steered you wrong?" George asked."When we were five you told me to wash Dad's loafer's in the tub after you""Besides that," George cut in.Fred shrugged. "Back in second year you made me eat six pies and I""I'm right about this. It will work out."Fred smiled. "I'm glad I have you, Georgie.""I know." George grinned.Fred saw Harry ushering Hermione back inside and quickly got to his feet. George looked to him questioningly.Hermione looked like she was ready to leave. Her gaze swept over the room until it landed on Fred. Her stare lingered on him for a moment before turning downwards."As fun as this has been," Fred began to George, "it looks like my lovely wife is ready to head home. You lot going to see us out?""Yeah," George said. "You go on, I'll round them up."Fred strode over to Hermione, gave Harry a look that got him an understanding nod and for the dark haired man to return to the others, and waited for her to look at him. She put on a smile for him though even she could feel it waver with nervousness. He returned the smile the best he could and saw hers widen just the slightest bit. "Are you ready to go home?" he asked.She nodded.It was silent.Molly came hurrying from the kitchen with George right behind her. "Leaving so soon?" she asked.Hermione quietly affirmed this and Fred spoke up. "It's been a long day. Thanks for everything, Mum."Hermione was quick to second that and give Molly a hug. Fred kissed his mum's cheek as everyone else joined them.Hermione went through the line of people and hugged them, thanked them for being there and accepted the congratulations she was offered. Fred followed suit in saying goodbye to his brothers and hugging his sister and sister-in-laws. His dad and Bill were the last two people he addressed.His father lowered his voice. "We've raised you well," he said, "you'll be a gentleman." It was a statement.Fred could've rolled his eyes at that but he knew that it was no joke. He nodded. "Of course."Bill clapped him on the shoulder. "He'll treat her right," he said. "He'll be a great husband. He had you for a dad, didn't he?"Mr. Weasley smiled at that and hugged both of his sons.Fred saw that Hermione was still saying goodbye to Harry, Ginny and Ron so he kept his distance and let her take her time. A moment later everyone was waving goodbye to them as they made their way from the house to the apparition point. Hermione took Fred's arm and held on as he apparated them to his flat above the shop. George had moved in with Angelina a few weeks prior, so it was just the two of them.When the spinning stopped, Hermione found that they were in front of the door to the flat and Fred was going through some sort of spell to unlock the door.Hermione took in her surroundings.The space was fairly large, spread out to be very open in all areas. To her immediate left was what she presumed to be the coat closet, to her far right were two doors that were spaced to indicate two bedrooms, directly in front of them, straight ahead a rug, a couch, two armchairs and a coffee table were arranged around the hearth. She assumed that the other door, on the left, past the kitchen and small table and chairs that were set up, was the bathroom.The living room area was a bottle green colour, the rug maroon and the furniture various shades of brown. The kitchen was a serene sort of blue and the cupboards were light brown, all other walls that were visible to Hermione were a deep cream thus far.If she wasn't so preoccupied worrying she would have been pleasantly surprised at the flat the twins had managed to decorate and bring together without disastrous colour clashing or any utterly horrendous paint choices. It was nice. Warm even."Ginny brought your bags here this morning," Fred said, gesturing at the luggage sitting in the living room. "I couldn't decide whether you'd want them in my room or in GeorgeI mean, the other room.""Oh." Hermione bit her lip. "I think I'd rather unpack my things into the second room, if you don't mind."Fred felt his heart sink a bit. "Okay. No problem.""Thank you."She went for her bags but Fred beat her to it and picked them up, carrying them into what used to be George's room and setting them down there. Hermione followed him awkwardly.After standing there, refusing to look at one another for a minute Fred broke the silence. "Do you want something to drink? Anything you need?"She shook her head.He hated the way the question sounded when he asked, "Should we go to my room then?"Hermione nodded and followed Fred once again.His room looked much like the other had, except the large bed was set with the headboard against the right wall rather than offset from the door and the closet was on the left wall.Hermione's fingers fidgeted with her white dress robes as she stared at her covered toes. Fred looked at her, how pretty she looked in her bridal wear, before closing his eyes as the full realization hit him. They were white robes. Very white robes."Hermione," he said.She looked up at that and swallowed thickly. "Yes?"His eyes watched her closely. "You've never done this before, have you?" Her expression was answer enough but her brief, almost unseen, nod confirmed his suspicions. "You didn't think to mention that earlier?" he asked, hoping it came out lightly.Hermione licked her lips uncomfortably. "I wasn't really sure that I had to say something. I thought you figured..."Fred ran his hands through his hair and then pulled at his tie, undoing it and tossing it aside. "I'm sorry, I probably should have...it never even occured to me. How far have you...?" he trailed off but Hermione, though still innocent, was not naive. She knew where the question was going."Not very," she admitted.Fred let out a long breath."I'm sorry," Hermione said."Hermione," Fred looked at her and shook his head, sitting down at the bottom of the bed and kicking of his shoes, "please don't be sorry.""Not just this. About everything.""Please don't be sorry," he repeated. "If you're sorry, then I have to be sorry. I don't want a marriage based on a load of unnecessary apologies. You don't have anything to apologise for."He stood and went over to her, took her face in his hands and kissed her. She tensed.He moved closer to her a bit, but the pressure of his lips lessened until they were just brushing over hers in a gentle caress. His hand slid into her hair and cradled the back of her head, the other going to her waist.He felt her hesitantly and carefully place her hand on his shoulder. The other touched his hip iust barely before she second-guessed herself and dropped it to her side. Fred kissed her a litte harder then, wanting her to forget her worries and let go.She remained tense as her mind continuously looped back to worrying over what was to come. She couldn't relax and all she could think about was how uncomfortable she was. Her chest felt like it was constricting as she pulled away from him. His fingertips had only barely grazed the buttons on the back of her dress."I'm""I can't do this to you," Fred interrupted."Pardon?" she asked."You look terrified of me.""I'm not terrified of you," Hermione protested, but it was a half-hearted argument at best.Fred rubbed a hand over his face tiredly. "You're not comfortable with this. I won't do this to you. I won't...I won't force myself on you."Hermione looked down. "You're not forcing yourself on me, Fred," she said, wincing a bit. "It's just...well I'm perfectly fine until I think about what we're about to do. You're not doing anything wrong. It's me. I don't feel ready."Fred nodded slowly. "Hermione, we're not going to do this tonight, okay?"Hermione laughed sardonically, it seemed that getting that whole bit off of her chest had helped a rather large amount with the constricting feeling she'd had. "We don't have a choice," she said. "The charm won't deactivate until we've...consummated our marriage.""Yes," Fred agreed, "but we have forty-eight hours to do so. We have until, let's say...Saturday evening to get comfortable around each other?"She wasn't sure how comfortable she would become around her new husband in just less than two days but she was grateful regardless. "That sounds great," Hermione said, a relieved smile, her first real smile of the evening, gracing her features.Fred grinned at her. "Do you want to go change into your pyjamas then?" She nodded. "You're sleeping in here tonight.""I am?" she asked."Yes," he confirmed. "I'm thinking maybe we should snog a little.""Oh, really?"Author's Note: hi! For anyone who is worried that I'm starting a new story without finishing Lettie, know that this is just a ficlet that has been written on my phone for quite some time. It's sort of a vague marriage law story that I wrote because I like the idea of marriage law stories but I am really too busy/lazy/uninterested to write one of my own in entirety. So this is what I've got. Please review and let me know what you think!Anyways, Scarlett
