I've been told by many people that writing a time travel fanfiction is how you "come of age". This Idea held certain appeal to me and I hope you enjoy it. Just to clear this up : This is not a Harmony/Harmione story. "You can't be serious!" Harry shouted at Remus. He sat up and looked grimly at the floor."I'm deadly serious Harry. We've lost both of your parents. We've lost Sirius, we lost Dumbledore. As far as I am aware, I don't see anything else we can do. People are being killed and cursed everyday and people are terrified to leave their houses.""I don't believe you. I mean... It's him. I wouldn't mind if it were any other evil wizard. Heck, I'd even take my chances with Bellatrix. I'm telling you Moony, this isn't a good Idea, and I refuse to do it without either Ron or Hermione there with me!"Remus looked around the room for support. There was a slight murmur of ascent. His eyes were sunken and he looked shabbier than ever. He was sitting with His arms massaging his temples. It wasn't a strange occurrence nowadays, but it was still strange to see him so stressed. "Harry? Do you think I'm happy about this?""No, but-""Exactly." He said. "I'm not. In fact, I'm not at all. If we could see any other way around it, we would. As for Ron and Hermione... You can take one. It's going to take enough power trying to send just one of you that far back.""How do I choose?" Harry gaped. How could he choose one of his best friends over the other?Lupin just shrugged.Harry stood up, not looking back at the people sitting in the living room of Grimauld Place.Ron and Hermione were in the Kitchen. They stopped talking as soon as Harry came back into the room."Well," said Hermione, "are you doing it?"Harry nodded slowly at her. This caused Hermione to take a sharp intake of breath. "I want you to come with me." He said, looking at Hermione."What?" She and Ron said at the same time."I am allowed to bring one of you. You're better at magic than me Hermione. I just thought..." He trailed off. "Or Ron. Y'know? Best mate an' all? You'd keep me company. I can't choose. You guys choose."Ron and Hermione looked between each other."You go, Hermione. You're a better Witch, you'll protect him more. He'll protect you. You'll be better for it..." Ron said. Seeing the expression on Hermione's face he added, "I don't want to leave Mum either. She'd worry."Hermione looked between both boys and, uncertainly, she nodded. "Okay Harry. Let's do this!" Her enthusiasm was not a very good act. She was displaying nervousness like it was in a shop window."Hermione," Harry said later, when they were alone in his bedroom preparing for the trip, "This trip could take us ten years. It could take us one. If you don't want to do this, you don't have to.""I don't want to do it Harry." She said. "But I will. It's for the greater good."He walked towards her. She was sat down on his Royal Blue bed sheets, and he wrapped his arms around her. She hugged back, crying softly."We can do it. Hermione, we've done harder things. We've fought him as a fully grown adult. I'm sure we can handle the child version."This made Hermione laugh. It looked forced, but it was a laugh all the same. A knock on the door stopped their hug, and Ron walked in.He sat down, nervously, and wrapped his arms around Hermione. They pressed their lips together, and Harry suddenly felt very awkward.After a moment, she pulled back. "Ron, this could take us years, I don't mind, while I'm away if you want to, you know..."Ron looked slightly offended by this. "Hermione? See that promise ring on your finger? That means I will always be yours...I don't care if you go in there and never come back. I'll never even look at another girl. Okay? I'm yours Hermione. I have been since you asked about Neville's toad. I love you."Hermione was crying harder. "I love you too, Ron."Harry tapped his fingers awkwardly against his knee. "Well, Bye Ron!" And he left, taking his trunk out of the room with him."So, want to repeat the plan for everyone, Harry?"Kingsley asked.Harry rolled his eyes. He'd repeated it three times already. "Hermione and I go back to the start of our third year, where Tom joins. We befriend him, stop him becoming evil, blah, blah, blah, we come back here, 5 years later."The Order of the Phoenix nodded. Except Molly of course."Wait! One more thing," Moody said. "You won't come back five years later. It will feel like that to you, to us it will take you five seconds. You'll reappear here almost instantly."Harry was dumbfounded. Hermione, being an experienced time traveller, knew exactly what was being talked about."Okay, folks. Let's do it!" Mad Eye said, standing up.The aurors in the room quickly stood up, standing in a circle around the two of them. "Tell Ginny I love her, okay?" Harry said, to Mrs Weasley.She looked very heartbroken as she nodded.All of the order pulled their wands out and pointed them at Harry and Hermione. They gripped each other hard."Journeio Retourne." All of the Wizards yelled at the same time.It was then Harry realised what death felt like. He was in a horrible, cold place, being pushed through a rip in time. He felt both peaceful and alone at the same time. He couldn't tell if he was holding Hermione's hand anymore.The next thing he was aware of, was hitting the floor with a large thump!"Potter! Stand up!" Came a voice he recognised immediately. A young, Healthy Dumbledore was looking down sternly at him. Hermione was standing up next to him, and extended her arm to help him up.He took it gratefully and stood up. He realised both he and Hermione looked as they had in their third year, both wearing clothes that his Grandparents might have worn."Sorry sir." He mumbled."Now, first years and the few third years who have only just joined us, you're about to start the sorting ceremony. You shall be sorted into a house the Sorting hat deems most worthy. Follow me please." Announced Dumbledore. Both giant oak doors that lead to the main hall were flung open. Harry was shocked to see that it looked exactly as it had back in present time.Harry stood besides Hermione. Neither of them said anything, they just shuffled awkwardly towards the front of the hall."Now, when the hat calls your name, go and sit on the table of your respective house." Everyone nodded."Right, we'll start with the three third years, shall we?""Harry Potter." Young Dumbledore called.Harry pulled his sleeves down and walked awkwardly to the rickety old stool. Slughorn placed the hat on his head. Almost instantly it called out "Gryffindor!" He walked, briskly, up to the Gryffindor table, where he knew the third years Sat. The only space left was next to a girl with soft, light brown hair.She looked up to him as he sat down. She was the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen in his whole life. Her pale green eyes were warm and soft. Her hair had soft, deliberate waves that were touching her lower back. She had clear, pale skin and full pink lips."Hello!" She said, very enthusiastically, "Nice to meet you."Harry continued to stare at her. He felt unable to look away. "Hello, I'm Harry!" There was something oddly familiar about girl. He couldn't quite place his finger on it."I'm Harry. Harry Potter." He said."That's a bit of a strange name, isn't it? I'm Minerva." She said.Wait. Harry was sitting next to McGonagall?! His transfiguration teacher; His head of house. She was so incredibly beautiful. He didn't recognise her at all."Hermione Granger?" Dumbledore called. She looked nervously around the room, and slowly approached the stool. The hat looked confused for a moment before loudly exclaiming "Ravenclaw!"The author would like to thank you for your continued support. Your review has been posted.
