I own nothing.JKR own it all. This is just another fanfic.The Train ride to Hogwarts,1971.His parents did not follow him to platform 9 3/4 to wave him goodbye and wish him good luck for his first year at Hogwarts. So, here he was, eleven years old and with a heart that bumped double when he saw other children with their parents hugging them goodbye with proud and watery eyes. He saw a boy with dark untidy hair hugging his parents, his mother was weeping with proud. His father hold his sons hand and smiled but gave his wife a look that begged her to stop crying."I can't believe he is so old already, my little baby.""I'm not a baby, mother." But Sirius could see that the boy enjoyed the attention. His parents helped him up the train and gave him kisses on his cheeks. Sirius touched his own cheek, his parents had never done that to him. He was told to be better than that, his parents thought that was sleazy. Sirius was brought up to behave, be chilly and...perfect. But didn't that look so much sweeter than all that, he thought to himself still holding a hand on his left cheek."Soon time for departure, everyone on board!"Sirius woke up from his thoughts and drag his package up the train to Hogwarts. A couple of people looked at him, they had something dark in their look."Mother?" A little boy asked his mother when seeing her gaze on Sirius."He is a Black, and I don't want you to talk to them, love. They are all dark wizards and witches." The boy nodded and Sirius heart fell down to his feet. Maybe this was not going to be as fun as he thought."Do you need help with that one?" A Slytherin boy asked with s friendly smile, he was already wearing the school robe with proud. Sirius recognized him as Steve Laughalot, he had meet him twice before at a dinner party hold by and for purebloods only. He had never liked the boy who was a couple of year older then himself. Laughalot did not wait for an answer, he took Sirius luggage and pulled it on the train."Always nice to help a fellow Slytherin.""I'm not sorted yet"The boy looked puzzled but laughed after a second."Sure whatever you say Mr. Black. I wait with that until we are at the Slytherins common room, see you there, I would stay and company you on the train ride, but I'm afraid im late on to meet my date, whom I will sit with." Laughalot said and give Sirius a little bow before walking down the corridor. Sirius snorted, he knew Laughalot only was nice to him because he was a Black. The Laughalots had always looked up to the Black family, because they where rich, powerful and most of all, pureblood. Sirius hated them for their fascination of the matter, it was all just a game and nothing more in it. Sirius took his luggage as he felt the train start moving. Now then, were should he sit. He opened the first door and looked inside, the compartment was full with giggling girls, so he back away and closed the door, he heard a girl say. "Who was that cutie pie?" But didn't react on it.Sirius opened the next door, inside was a black haired boy and a red-haired girl."Pardon, my name is Sirius Black, is it ok if I sit with you?"The boy looked puzzled and throw an eye on the girl before saying;"Yes Mr. Black. If you please to do so." Snape knew, as all the magic people knew in Britain that the Blacks was extremely powerful and respected in the higher social circles. He had learn by his parents that it was good for him to befriending a member of the Black family, it would give him status. But he was afraid of how this young Black would react if he knew Lily Evens here are a muggleborn, so far he knew didn't the Blacks like the fact muggleborn entering Hogwarts. It was risky."Thanks a lot." Sirius said and put away his luggage with a smile on his lips. Lily gave him her hand."Hello Black, my name is Lily Evans. And this is my good friend Severus Snape.""Nice to meet you both." Sirius shook their hands and sat down beside Lily."Are you also first years?"Lily was about to speak when Snape interrupted her."Yes we are." Lily gave him a stern look, Sirius didn't notice."Good, I'm not the only one lost then." He said and laughed heartly."Certainly not." Evans answered and wondered why Snape looked so pale. "What house do you wish to be sorted in?" Evans asked Sirius which made Snape even paler. Snape thought that question would make it to obvious that she was a muggleborn, Blacks have always been Slytherins."My family have always been in the Slytherin house." He answered her with empty eyes. Lily nodded."We would like to go in Slytherin too, wouldn't we Lily?". Lily nodded again, she wanted to stay with Severus Snape, he was her best friend and the one that told him all about the magic world when she got the school letter. Snape wondered if muggleborns had ever been in Slytherin, he wouldn't like it if she was sorted in another house.They sat in silence and watched out the window."Sorry, but I think I need go down to the bathroom." Sirius stood up and left the compartment. They seemed pretty nice, he thought, maybe a bit stiff though. When he entered the room for the boys toilets he saw the boy with black dishevelled hair with another boy. They eyed Sirius when he walked in."First year?" The black haired asked him."Yes. And you?""We are both first years, this is Peter Pettigrew, whom I got company with on the train. And my name is James Potter." He said proud. Sirius knew who the Potters was, his family hated them."Nice to meet you. I'm Sirius Black." He hold out a hand but none took it. Potter gave him a dark brow, he had been told that the Blacks are all trouble, dark magic trouble. Evil, self-loving and powerful. The other boy looked puzzled.Sirius draw back his hand, he felt hurt. "Ah, yes. Now I see that you're a Black, I should have notice that aristocratic look." The dark haired boy walked through the door without saying anything more, the other boy followed him.Back in the compartment were Evans and Snape chatting about Hogwarts."I heard that all the first years will take boats over the Black Lake to Hogwarts.""Boats, I'm sure it will look lovely, but I don't really like sitting in small boats after dark in a lake I don't know."Sirius smiled at Evans."I'm sure it is safe." He told her. The door opened, it was a lady with a trolley full of sweets."Do you need anything sweet for the rest of the ride? We are about half through." She had the nicest and friendliest smile Sirius ever had seen. They all bought some candy and thanked her before she continued her round with the Honeyduke Express.Lily had bought some Bertie Bott' every flavour beans and Jelly Slugs. Severus bought cauldron cakes and Bertie Bott's beans. Lily looked amazed when she saw Sirius open the chocolate frog package and a brown frog jumped out of his hands down to his knees."What is that?!" she asked with astonishment.Snape heart stopped and looked at how Sirius would react. But Sirius only laughed friendly."It's a chocolate frog, it's a magical substance called croakoa that makes it act as a real frog. It makes it more fun."He took the frog in its jump and showed it to his mouth, Lily looked disgusted."You know it is candy and not a living thing, its made for eating." Sirius said when he saw Lily's grimace."Do you want some?" Sirius hold up a package to her."No thanks""It's a collecting card of famous wizards and witches in it too, look." Lily looked amazed as Sirius showed her a collectors card with a moving witch called Morgan le Fay on it. Snape hated himself for not telling her more about all this stuff, so it shouldn't be too obvious she was muggleborn. Lily took the chocolate frog package from Sirius hand."Thanks, I may take it later on.""You're welcome."Snape who had observed them had a strange feeling, his stomach feelt odd. Was it jealousy?The time went, mostly in silent. Sirius fall asleep for a while leaving Snape and Evans talking to them self. Sirius woke up when a Prefect entered the compartment."Time to put your robes on, we arrive in about half an hour." Then she walked out again to go to the next compartment. Sirius felt dazzled after his sleep.
