Prologue-{[(|)]}-A hooded figure peered from across the street at Number 4, Privet Drive. Nothing stirred; it was well past midnight, and respectable folk - that is, all those in the neighborhood - were fast asleep. Even so, the figure sat carefully still, quite well hidden in the branches of a conveniently located oak tree. From one voluminous sleeve a worn pocketwatch appeared. The figure noted the time, nodded silently, and drew a small electronic device from an inner pocket. Some sharp observer might have noticed an ounce of hesitation, a small moment of indecision... then a switch was pulled, and a button pressed. A minute later, the tree was empty and the street unoccupied. A beat passed, and then a violent explosion rent the night.It was later reported as an electrical malfunction. The Dursleys' breaker box appeared to be hopelessly outdated, and with two air conditioners and a television left on through the night, it was no wonder that the system overloaded and sparked. All three Dursleys perished in the resulting fire. Curiously enough, however, there was one survivor: a small boy, no more than four years old, with a lightning-bolt-shaped scar on his forehead. He was quickly rushed to the nearest hospital, where the attending surgeon was able to fix the worst of the burns with only minor scarring, which would hopefully fade as the boy grew up. Unfortunately, the damage to his corneas was extensive, and no amount of surgery would bring back their functionality. The doctor noted tiredly that, short of an eye transplant, the boy would likely be blind for the rest of his life.-{[(|)]}-Mr. and Mrs. Huang were a relatively young Chinese couple who lived in a two-story building near the heart of London. The first floor was dedicated to the running of their weapons store and martial arts school; the second housed their living quarters. Usually, the shop was managed solely by Mrs. Huang, while her husband taught the motley assortment of students. Either one of them could easily have switched roles, but this was - for whatever reason - the arrangement that gave them the best results.Wei Huang was a dark-eyed, deceptively thin man of average height, who kept his hair close-cropped and his chin clean-shaven. He was a patient teacher and made a point of treating all his students equally, although he could be quite firm with those who acted up during class. His wife, Mary, was a slight woman with long black hair and a soft, easy laugh. Every weekend, she would make an enormous batch of chocolate candies from scratch, which she would then dispense to neighbors, customers, and students alike. The Huangs were personable folk, everybody agreed, and fairly good at what they did, too. It was such a shame that they couldn't have children...So when Mrs. Douglas heard from Mr. Rastrick that his friend Diane had a sister who worked in an orphanage, and that they were looking for a nice couple to raise a quiet little boy, she told Mrs. Huang straight away. The Huangs took some persuading, but they finally agreed to go have a look at the child. They did insist, however, on going alone, and so the rest of the neighborhood had to wait for news to filter back through Mrs. Douglas. What a surprise it was when the couple came back - with a blind boy in tow!-{[(|)]}-The boy's name was Harry James Potter (which soon became Harry J.P. Huang), and he fit in quite well at the Huangs' residence. Mr. and Mrs. Huang told their neighbours very firmly that his blindness was not an issue, and that he was a nice, well-behaved child. They consulted all the proper books and sent him to a school for the blind when he was five years old. At the same time, they began to have him help out around the house - although they made sure to impress upon young Harry the dangers that sharpened weapons could pose. The boy missed his eyesight sorely, but adapted soon enough. He learned to feel out the shape of things with his hands, and to use his white cane to avoid collisions in unfamiliar places.When Harry was a bit older, Mr. Huang started to teach him Wing Chun, the martial art that both Huangs specialized in. Harry's blindness was actually an advantage here, helping him to develop his touch sensitivity and what his father called "proprioception" - awareness of his own body. He was soon joining the intermediate class after school, and Mr. Huang was proud to tell him (privately, of course) that he did very well there. By the time he was ten, Harry knew all six Wing Chun forms by heart, and had become fairly proficient in their version of sparring. He loved to use butterfly swords, the trademark weapon of the martial art, even if he sometimes hit himself with them. Mr. Huang prudently kept all the training swords blunted, just in case.Thus, Harry grew up with a healthy respect for sharp objects and a deep sense of gratitude for the people who taught him to overcome his disability without ever making it feel like one. Around those who could not see past his milky eyes, he learned to carry himself with a certain quiet dignity. It sometimes felt incongruous in a child so young, but Harry far preferred to be treated with confusion than with pity. He was approaching his teens, after all, and he could take care of himself.This is how things stood when the giant came.A/N"-{[(|)]}-" is my version of a scene break. I will assume that readers have finished all 7 books in the series. Read and review, please.DisclaimerI do not own Harry Potter. Harry Potter is owned by J.K. Rowling. I am not J.K. Rowling*. Quod erat demonstrandum.I own this story and some original characters but, sadly enough, am making no profit from my work.*Of course, one can always argue that it is impossible to determine conclusively that we are not all one being, whether through a shared consciousness, the cycle of reincarnation, or our existence as figments of some mighty god's imagination. Thus, one may conclude that I am, in fact, J.K. Rowling, and own by extension any and all of her properties, e.g. Harry Potter. However, for purposes of legal clarification, I shall assume otherwise.
