Author's Note!Welcome to chapter one! This is the story of a boy with no memory, waking up in Hogwarts at the time of the Marauders! Join the adventure as he discovers who he is, whilst having fun in school, making new friends, and avoiding the darkness of the outside world!I've decided to write this story as well as my other two, just because it came into my mind and I wanted to write it as soon as I could! It'll be a long story, probably, so I ask you be patient for new updates, maybe read my other two whilst you wait?If you want, you can perhaps leave a review of what you think, maybe follow or favourite the story? Give me some sort of inspiration?A quick thanks to 'AnotherJilyShipper' for reading it through and helping me out!Disclaimer: I do not own anything in this story. J.K Rowling owns all of the characters, places and other thingys in this story, unless you notice something you don't recognise. If so, that is mine.Enjoy!A darkness clouded me, no thoughts running through my mind. I could feel a cold floor beneath me, one that I had no recollection of ever lying down on. Something felt different, something I couldn't quite put my finger on.I tried moving my body, attempting to get myself up and going, but nothing was working. I had no control over myself, it was as if my body had shut down, waiting to be recharged.My eyes wouldn't open, so I had to rely on my other senses. There were no traces of sound, no smells, no anything. I tried to push my thoughts back, attempting to figure out where and who I was. However, nothing was coming to me. I couldn't remember my age, my name, my eye colour. I couldn't remember any predicament I had previously been in, anything to put myself in this situation.Suddenly, I heard a set of footsteps running in the distance. Voices came into my mind, the sound of two boys shouting at each other. I tried to listen harder, relying on the only sense my body was giving me. The footsteps came to a stop, a moment of silence."Oi, Sirius, who's that?"I couldn't tell whether one boy was trying to calm the other one down using the adjective, or whether he was actually calling him Sirius. What a strange name, or nickname, but then again, I was on a floor somewhere without any movement or memory, so I couldn't complain about strangeness."He looks unconscious, mate," the other voice replied in the distance.Immediately, two sets of footsteps were chasing towards me, the sound of thudding and vibrations getting louder at each step. I felt one of them drop beside me, putting a finger to my neck."He's alive, mate," the boy who was or wasn't called Sirius said. "We should get him to the hospital wing."I couldn't tell if the second boy nodded or not, but he must have, because two hands immediately went underneath my body, picking me up smoothly."I'll run ahead," the second boy said, "I'm sure Poppy will want Dumbledore there, considering he's unconscious. We have to be quick though, you know Remus needs us."The boy holding me nodded, I could feel it in his movement. A sound of heavy footsteps ran across the floor once again, leaving me to be manhandled by 'Sirius'."Who are you?" the boy said looking at me. "I've never seen you before in my life." His steps showed no sign that he was actually speaking, but who else could it have been?"Make any movement if you can hear me?" the boy carried on, jiggling my body about, trying to wake me up.I attempted to make some sort of movement or noise, but I just couldn't do it. Everything I tried was blocked by my body, as though it were protecting me in some sort of shell.The boy sighed, readjusting his hands. He started to walk at an even quicker pace, practically running. My head began to go fuzzy, his quick movements upsetting my mind. I attempted to stay in whatever consciousness this was, but darkness overtook, spinning me into a harsh stillness.Authors NotesMake sure you review and follow/favourite if you enjoyed! I really love to read feedback, so even if you want to say something simple then go for it! It'll inspire me to write more!Thank you for reading, stay tuned for the next chapter, and check out my profile for my other stories!
