I have decided (with the help of some awesome people who private messaged me) to transfer the month-long What's In a Word into a yearlong 365 Days. It's going to run from August 1, 2013 to August 1, 2014, so it should include 365 chapters (God help me) and I will post relatively normally. As to avoid clashing with Morning Lilies' words for her/his story (Days in a Year, please check it out) I will be pulling words from Merriam-Webster's Word of the Day List from 2010-2011, if you wish to follow along. So as to bore you no longer, I shall start this YEARLONG project... now. Prognosticate: to forecast or predict... kind of like a Seer does.August 1, 1980Sybill Trelawney wiped the sweat from her brow as she climbed up the stepladder that led to her new classroom."The higher up in this bloody castle you go, the hotter it is," she complained to no one in particular. Behind her levitated a box full of things that she had moved from her room at Hog's Head. It depressed her to realize that all of things that she owned fit in a small box, but she hadn't time to dwell on such things. She was much more preoccupied on the fact of why she was here.A month previous, she had had a meeting with the great Albus Dumbledore in her room above Hog's Head pub. Much of the meeting was cloudy and a large portion was absent from her memory. She did remember the look on Albus's face just before the meeting ended. It was one of caution and amusement. Then he smiled and said, "You may move in on the first of August. Welcome to Hogwarts." Then he held out a long hand and swept from the room. And now she was here."Sybill!" came a voice from below her. Sybill stood and wiped her forehead again. She placed a smile on her face."Headmaster," she said. She extended her hand as Dumbledore opened his arms to her. He embraced her and she felt awkward as her output hand was stuck between his stomach and her chest."Everything packed away nicely?" the taller wizard asked, oblivious to the awkward moment that had just passed."Yes sir," she said, pushing her box under her desk with her foot."Excellent, excellent," then he drew closer and said in a hushed voice, "I'm sure you would be happy to know that part of your prophecy has come to fruition. Both Alice Longbottom and Lily Potter have delivered baby boys. Neville and Harry, respectively. We're watching them closely and they are not being sent on any missions. Thank you for your help, Sybill. As long as I am headmaster, you will be welcome here at this school," Dumbledore finished with a smile. He, again, took Sybill into an embrace, gave her another beaming smile, and left the circular classroom in two long strides."What the hell was that man talking about?" Sybill asked no one in particular as she picked up her box-full-of-life and walked into her office.The rest of the drabbles will be longer than this because, in hindsight, this one was awfully short. Also, Trelawney's language may be a little OOC (out-of-character) but the way I see it, she puts on airs around others to be accepted as a Seer, when in all actuality she's of the same sanity as us normal folks. Promise not to make the rest of these Author Notes as long. Thanks! 
