Here is a new story just for all you Draco fans!DISCLAIMER: I only own Grace and Jace :)"Croft!" A giggle escaped her lips as she ran in the opposite direction of the on coming of what used to be a platinum blonde stuck up teenager, instead the blonde hair was slick with blue goo, that was dripping down his face, with a scowl plastered on it."I'm sorry are you looking for me?" A young brown headed, curvy girl walked over to him."Do you think this is funny, Croft?" He was a good 6ft maybe higher and she was only 5ft 5 which was annoying most of the time."Absoloutley" She smiled at him with her doe brown eyes."You can't fuck with me this year Croft" His icy grey eyes peered down at her."But it's so fun" She replied running a hand through her curly locks."Grace?" Grace turned around to see her best friend Jace, Grace thought it was funny because their names rhymed with each other. She smiled at him, Jace had a great body don't get her wrong, but they have known each other since they were kids and never thought anything of it. Jace Brooks stood around the same height as Malfoy but he had dirty blonde hair with slight brown highlights from birth, Jace never did anything to his hair, he saw no point. He had gorgeous blue eyes that stood out and melted every girl in Hogwarts apart from Grace."Hey, Jace" Grace smiled."Malfoy" Jace sneered."Brooks" Malfoy scowled."Nice hair" Jace sniggered. Grace looked over at Malfoy one last time before tugging on Jace's arm."Come on Jace, let's leave the ferret to it" Jace and Grace smirked at Malfoy before trudging down to their own compartment on the train."Did you get her?" Blaise asked."No, she's crafty Blaise" Draco replied."Someone needs to teach that Croft a lesson" Blaise stated, Draco nodded.A girly giggle made the two turn round in their seats to see a short brunette, with shoulder length hair walk into her compartment. Blaise and Draco both turned around and smirked at each other."Katie!" Grace yelled."Yes, little sister?" Katie teased."Look, just because you're 5 minutes older, doesn't make you older" Grace murmured. Katie frowned."Yeah it does Grace""Look whatever, come on or were gonna be late for the feast. and I'm starving" Grace tugged Katie along with her as they walked into the Great Hall. The sisters went separate ways, Katie into Hufflepuff and Grace into Gryffindor. Grace sat next to Jace, who sat next to Fred and George."Hi Grace, got into any trouble yet?" Fred asked, before Grace could answer Malfoy and his goonies waltzed into the hall with blue goo covering them. Fred smirked at her."Guess that answered my question then ey?" Grace smiled."You know me Fred, always willing to do the dares""Got that right" They both laughed. Jace turned to Grace."What have you got Gracie?" He asked, he was the only one who was ever, EVER aloud to call her Gracie, anyone else then she'll re-arrange their face. Grace got out her time table and looked at it.WEEK A:PERIOD 1: DADAPERIOD 2: DADAPERIOD 3: FREEPERIOD 4: POTIONSPERIOD 5: ARITHMANCYWEEK B:PERIOD 1: ASTRONOMYPERIOD 2: CHARMSPERIOD 3: DIVINATIONPERIOD 4: FREEPERIOD 5: FREEGrace frowned and then smiled as she saw that she had two free periods a day, she really didn't want to go to DADA this morning because she knew there was bound to be the whole of Slytherin in the class. She hoped that Jace had it too.Jace noticed that she had DADA this morning after reading over her shoulder."Lucky for you Grace""Why?" She asked."I'm in your class for Defence Against The Dark Arts" Grace jumped up from her bench and hugged Jace tightly."Thank you-Thank you-Thank you, I thought you would leave me" Jace laughed and put his arms around her waist hugging her back.Snape was walking past the students in their seats when he noticed Grace and Jace hugging each other. Snape lifted Grace off Jace tucking his arms under hers lifting her up."Hey!" Grace turned around angrily before she saw it was Professor Snape, she would've said something but she really couldn't push him this year. She was sure she'd actually end up in one of his jars in the cupboard as a trophy."Professor" Grace said shocked."I will not allow any type of behaviour coming from you two this year, especially you Miss Croft and you and Mr Brooks will not be sitting with each other in my class" Grace exploded."Sir, that is not fair! You have a bunch of Slytherins in that class would you rather me send them to the hospital wing? I swear I won't-""No""But-""No but's Miss Croft my answer is clear" Snape walked off leaving an annoyed Grace and a sad looking Jace."You okay?" He asked his blue eyes looking at hers."No I'm not okay Jace he can't do this! I'm not sitting next to one of those god awful slimy Slytherins!""Hey, easy, you'll be fine, I promise" Jace put both his hands on her cheeks. Everyone thought that Grace and Jace had been going out with each other but that's just how they act if they don't like it, they know where to go."Don't promise me something you can't keep Jason" Grace mumbled. Jace sighed."Come on, we better go" Grace started walking to her first class, Defence Against the Dark Arts unwillingly with Jace dragging her along.Snape was apparently putting everyone in seating places, her day just kept getting better and better."Brooks, far left, next to Zabini" Jace nodded and looked down at our hands that were held together and squeezed before letting go."Miss Croft, far right" Grace walked in with her bag on her shoulder and looked into the far left corner."You've got to be fucking kidding me"Hope you guys enjoyed it! Please let me know of any suggestions that you would like to happen between anyone would be really helpful :)
