AN: Hey guys! So this is my first story, I really hope you like it! It's kind of clich I suppose, but I've had a lot of fun with it so far. I'm completely open to any comments or complaints you might have, and obviously, I really would appreciate reviews. Let me know what you think!Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Harry potter characters ideas ect. That all belongs to the lovely J.K. Rowling! I only own my plot and the OC'S. ON WITH THE STORY!ProlougeJay PovI looked around the classroom, my attention far away from professor Slughorn's lesson. My eye caught two girls who were obviously talking about me, as they whispered to each other while shooting me fleeting glances. I frowned and continued my observation, once again stopping as my eyes landed on a head of sleek black waves, dip died with hot pink. Hadassah Sceniak.Dessah and I had always been close. Until the incident at least. Dessah had always been shy, at least around new people, and obviously brilliant from being in Ravenclaw. She was almost a mother to us at Hogwarts, but not like that kind of mom you don't want to talk to about stuff, more like one of those who are super close and understanding about everything. She would always help us if we ever needed anything.At the other end of the class was Sabrina Sorg. The only words I could possibly use to describe Brina were Spark Plug. The brunette Hufflepuff had orange streaks all through her hair. She was truly brilliant, especially when it came to stuff like divitation; a rubbish subject in my opinion. I'm not sure how the heck she is so good at it, its slightly creepy, and she just loves to use that against me, predicting my day all the time. I had never thought I would miss that girls crazy predictions as I did now. Despite this, it was impossible to be mad at Brina, she was incredibly hyper, and daring, always coming up with on the spot ideas, and you couldn't say no to that bubbly personality, I tried multiple times.My eyes continued their way around the classroom, and I felt my gut lurch when they connected with a set of emerald green eyes. Lily Evans and I were frozen in shock as our eyes met for the first time in a month. Lily Evans was a petite girl with crimson hair and two blue streaks, it fell down her back in tiny ringlets. True to her hair, she had a splash of freckles across her pale face. Lily was incredibly smart, not something that was always good, because if you got on the wrong side of her short temper, you were a goner to her bat boogey hex. Despite this Lily was fiercely loyal and brave, never backing down from anything, like our now unofficial staring contest. Sadly, I'm just as stubborn.I'm Jaylin Barton, seventh year Slytherin. Of course that was obvious counting on the fact that the under part of my blonde, elbow length hair was died Slytherin green. Lily and I looked like total opposites; she was short, I was tall, she couldn't betray of tell a lie to anyone, I was sneaky and cunning, lying was a second nature. And while I was overly confident, she loathed the spot light. I longed for the days where our personalities brought out the best in each other, we could come up with some awesome pranks together.I was drawn from my thoughts as Slughorn announced that he would be pairing us up into groups of two to work on our potions. I snapped my eyes from Lily's, upset with myself that I hadn't won the staring match. Slughorn had to be completely insane as he rattled off his list, obviously having come up with the pairs on the spot."Let's see, Evans and Lupin, Potter and Snape, Barton and Black, Sceniak and Sorg"I was frozen in horror as my eyes met with cold gray ones. This had to be a joke. For some weird reason, I was reminded of a summer day I had spent with my former best friends.FlashbackLily, Dessah, Brina and I were all laughing as we told each other our most embarrassing secrets while we listened to a country station on the radio. As Brina was finishing an exaggerated tale about how she had accidently flashed a house elf when she was in the kitchens, a new song came on. We all listened in amusement as the girl sang about walking out of geometry class, trashing her half finished test in the process."This is silly," Lily sighed "but I have always just wanted to get up in the middle of class and do that, but I was always scared a teacher would kill me." We all froze as we let what she had said sink in, before collapsing into uncontrollable laughter."I'm serious! I just have always wanted to do it" Lily defended herself. I just had to take pity on her. So I gave her the best advice I possibly could."Then do it, preferably in potions so I can see Slughorn's face." This of course sent us into another fit of giggles as I reminded them of Slughorn's obsession of his star pupil."No way!" Lily gasped, "I could never that to him! He'd be so disappointed in me!"I couldn't help but laugh again. "Oh Lily, I doubt it's hard, I've never tried it before obviously, but they should be glad you went to some of the class.""So that means that you'll do it?" Dessah questioned with a smirk. I'm rubbing off on the girl.I sighed. "If it'll prove to Lily that a teacher won't kill her, when the time is right, I'll do it."Flashback endsI was snapped from my thoughts as Black plopped down next to me, setting the ingredients down on the table with a glare in my direction. I looked around, yep, time was right.Without a word. I got up out of my seat, packed my books and quills up, and slung the bag over my shoulder as I walked towards the door. As I passed Dessah and Brina's table I flashed them a smirk, and as I got to Lily's, I mouthed "Told ya'" as I walked out, feeling Slughorn's glare penetrating my back the entire way out.As soon as I heard the door slam behind me, I felt tears spring into my eyes, "Has it really come to this?" And with that, I sprinted to the girls bathroom, refusing to let anyone see me cry, as I ran I felt a sick urge fill my gut.I burst into the empty bathroom, chocking sobs escaping me. I clung to the sink, as I looked into the mirror, I felt a sudden rush of anger and punched it as hard as I could, watching it shatter, and not even feel the cuts on my now bloodied hand.Knowing what I need, no, had to do, I leaned over the sink and shoved my hand into my mouth, letting my breakfast spill into the sink."Jayoh my gosh" I whirled around in horror, someone had once again caught me. I cursed my carelessness as I turned to meet his shocked eyes. I must have been a sight, a shattered mirror, blood covering me and my clothes, vomit in the sink.I looked up at his gaze, it was filled with concern and horror as he put the pieces together."This, this is why you guys.." He croaked, not able to finish the sentence as it fell into place."It was one small factor." I whispered as I hung my head in shame, expecting him to leave in disgust.I was shocked to find an arm around me and to see him cleaning me up, clearing away the blood, vanishing the sink's contents, and helping me rinse out my mouth. I let him numbly guide me to the wall where he pulled me down next to him."Why don't you start from the beginning?" He suggested. Knowing that there was no way around this. I began to tell my story.Second YearTo say that Jaylin Marie Barton was angry would be a complete under-statement. No, She was furious, she was completely and utterly pissed off. In her anger Jay angrily grabbed a vase from the Slytherin common room and pitched it at the wall with a scream, she then preceded to take out her wand and hex everything in sight. Finally, after her anger had run out, she plopped down on the now destroyed couch with a loud sob, burying her face in her hands, letting her long blonde hair fall down in a curtain, as tears spilled out of her grayish blue eyes. "Why did this happen?" Jay thought to herself. "Why do they have to pick on me? Why can't I be a normal Slytherin?"One hour earlierJay was estatic, she was the new Slytherin Beater! All of those summer workouts, the money spent on practice bludgers and her equipment, it had all finally paid off! Jay sprinted to her dorms, hoping to share the news with her roomates, then maybe they would learn to like her and let her join their group. As she got to the door, she could hear mocking laughter, and she immediately knew that they were trashing someone, something they regularly did. Jay wasn't sure what made her do it, (she blamed it on her inner Slytherin.) but she slowly crept up to the door with practiced skill and listened in. What Jay heard next crushed her, and brought tears to her eyes."I mean, what a freak! That girl is like, the total definition of mudblood!" Jay froze at that word in shock, she wasn't sure who they were talking about, but she could feel a growing dread in the pit of her stomach at Patricia Parkinson's words hit her."I know! How the heck did that American freak even get in Slytherin, I mean with that filth running threw her veins!" Shrieked Narcissa Black."We would be better off without her, I mean, who wants to be seen with that fat loser?" exclaimed Raina Clearwater. At that Jay froze. "Fat? They think I'm Fat?" She had to swallow the sobs begging to burst from her throat, her Fat throat. She bitterly reminded herself."Did you guys hear she made beater? I'm not surprised with that hulking figure of hers, the little skank probably just wanted it to have an excuse to be around the guys, not that it makes much difference, I wouldn't go near the girl with a ten foot pole if I were one of them!" Patricia crowed with a vicious humor in her voice. The three girls all at once burst into wicked laughter, and Jay had to turn and run so they wouldn't hear her muffled sobs. "What did I ever do to them? Am I really fat? What's wrong with being American?" Where just a few of the millions of thoughts running threw the young girls mind. Finally, the sobbing girl collapsed against a beach tree by the Black Lake. The girl was so occupied in her own thoughts that she didn't even notice the four boys approaching her shaking figure. Well, until"Oi! What the bloody- Prongs mate, look what we have here!" Cried a slightly amused voice that Jay knew all to well. "No, please no." she thought, as dread crashed around her. She looked up to have her thoughts confirmed, it was the Marauders. The Marauders consisted of Peter Pettigrew, a quiet, and sneaky bloke, Remus Lupin, a tall sandy haired boy who was the brains of the group, Sirius Black, who had black curly hair and was practically a legend for being the first of his family in Gryffindor, and James Potter, the ring leader. The boys were practically legend around the school for the infamous pranks, and were excepted by even the seventh years at Hogwarts. Sadly, they were also known for their strong hate of Slytherins."Hey! I know you! You're the newest Slytherin beater! I must say, Flint must be desperate to pick such a scrawny little bird, you wouldn't stand a chance against our Padfoot here." Snickered Peter, causing everyone else to start laughing at the boy's outburst. Jay on the other hand, was slowly starting to replace her sadness with a burning anger directed at the four boys. In an instant she was on her feet and sent a hex at Pettigrew, who was thrown several feet backwards from the force of the impact."Hey you little brat! That was uncalled for!" Roared Potter, his face red from anger."Oh, and his little speech wasn't? You four disgust me! Walking around like you own the place, hexing people left and right, and let's not forget the fact that you guys are completely prejudiced against Slytherins! Just because Black has a few family problems is no excuse!" Jay shrieked in rage, but she immediately felt a small pang of guilt. It was no secret that Sirius Black had some major family problems. She started to open her mouth to apologize, but Black beat her to it."That's it you skank!' Black yelled, and on that note he threw a hex at her that caused her to be held up in the air by her leg. To her horror, her skirt flipped down, revealing her knickers to the crowd that had gathered and where now laughing at her.Realizing that he had a audience, Black then proceeded to shift her to where she was above the lake, before he released the spell and let her plummet into the depths.Jay was horrified, she quickly made her way out of the lake a stormed up to the large crowd of cheering and laughing students, she then continued to make her way towards Black till they were nose to nose, and a hush fell over everyone."You." Jay hissed, "You are a disgusting, despicable, bullying coward!" And on that note she slapped him across the face before turning around and running to the castle.End FlashbackJay suddenly was hit with a desire, a burning desire for revenge. This wasn't fair. "Those disgusting monsters getting to run around the castle like they own it. Hexing people for being in their way. Pranking people for their amusement. This has to stop." Jay lifted her head, defiance flashing in her eyes. "I will get revenge for everyonewhose been hurt by them. I'm going to put a stop to this." Jay felt a wicked grin slip onto her face. One that would make anyone wet themselves at the sight of it. "The Marauders will pay."Third YearSabrina Sorg sprinted down the hallways, mocking laughter following her at every turn. She had been targeted, kind innocent nave Sabrina had been slipped a potion that made her confess her very detailed feelings to her crush Micheal Stutzman, who in turn laughed right in her face, along with the rest of the Great Hall. She sprinted up the stairs to her common room, landed on her bed and mournfully wailed into her pillow' the mocking laughter of the students still ringing in her ears. "This isn't acceptable, those four running around like they owned the place, they need to be put in their place." Sabrina lifted her face, a smile creeping on her face as she whispered to herself, "The Marauders will pay, big time."Fourth yearHeart wrenching wails pierced the silence in the Ravenclaw common room, as fourth year Hadassah Sceniak desperately tried to calm down the distraught first year, who was currently telling her how the Marauders had taken her diary and stuck the pages all over the castle, giving away the little girls most embarrassing secrets to the world. Hadassah sighed as she thought to herself, this hadn't been the first time she had to comfort someone due to the Marauders, and she knew it wouldn't be the last. It was completely ridiculous with how much the boys got away with, the teachers didn't even try to put a stop to it.Haddasah was hit with a wave of anger as she looked down at the crushed little girl, she calmly bent down and took her face in her hands."Listen, I don't care how long it takes, I promise you, the Marauders will pay." She whispered before taking the little girl up to her bed so she could rest.Fifth Year"I don't need help from a filthy mudblood!"..mudblood.mudbloodNo, she couldn't believe it, she wouldn't. Sev, her best friends since nine. He wouldn't say that, he promised her wouldn't. Lily Evans closed her eyes, praying it was a dream. But as she opened them she was met with the same sight. Severus Snape in a heap on the ground, a horrified look on his face as he realized what he had done. And James Potter. His wand pointed at her friendno, ex friend, with a look of pure fury on his face."You take that back you coward!" Potter roared, getting ready to hex Snape again. If anyone else, Lily might have not minded, but this was Potter, and he had just torn apart her and her best friend. She rounded on him."I don't need you to defend me!" Lily shrieked, before turning to Severus, "And you! Don't you ever come near me again!" and on that note, she whirled around and sprinted towards the castle, trying and failing to hide her tears.What Lily wasn't aware of was that there where two different girls in the crowd who had seen what had just transpired, and these two girls were currently attempting to catch up with the sobbing red head, who was ignoring their calls for her to wait.Lily ran blindly, tears blocking her vision. "Could this get any worse?" She asked herself bitterly, right before she crashed into a girl that had come around the corner."spoke to soon." Lily mused as her and the blonde Slytherin crashed to the ground."Oi! Watch where you're go- hey, are you okay?" The girl questioned as she placed a hand on her shoulder. Lily couldn't speak, all she did was bury herself into the girls arms and listen as the two girls who had been chasing her caught up and softly explained what had happened just a few minutes ago. Lily sighed as she looked up at the three girls who were attempting to comfort her, she wasn't sure what made her do it, but the next thing she knew she had told them everything, about her friendship with Snape, about the Marauders, especially James always tormenting her, and finally, ending with a rant about her hate for the four boys."I just hate it," Lily whispered, still in the blonde's arms. "I hate how they bloody get away with everything. I want the Marauders to pay."NO ONES POV"I want the Marauders to pay." The words echoed in the girls minds as three of them were reminded of a vow they had made to themselves a long time ago."This sound silly," Said Sabrina, gaining the other girls attention, "but in third year I made a vow to myself to get revenge for them pranking me."Jay laughed, "I did the same thing in second year when the jerks showed my knickers to the world."Hadassah laughed at the irony before speaking, "I did to, I swore I'd make sure they lost all of their precious glory." The four girls looked at each other, all thinking the same thing as realization dawned on their faces. This was just to good to be true."Ladies," Jay's voice echoed down the empty hallway, as she voiced their thoughts. "This is perfect. Four talented, potentially beautiful, brave, cunning, brilliant, witches. All from different houses, all with one goal." The tall blonde stood. "I'm Jay Barton, I think we have some talking to do." With that all the girls faces were taken over with smirks, and they all stood, before walking off to a more private part of the castle, where they could plan in peace.Four girls, all pissed beyond belief, and dead set on revenge. The Marauders would pay indeed.
