Part 1: The Marauder's Era: School YearsChapter 1: The Platform and the Train RideWe kind of rewrote this chapter and edited it to make it better since our writing has drastically improved since we first wrote this chapter. Thanks. Disclaimer: If I was Jk Rowling, would I honestly be sitting around on my laptop writing fanfiction? A/N: This story will be written in several perspectives. Nice criticism is always welcome. We want to know what you truly think of this story. Please be honest and make sure to review.Lily"Freak," muttered Petunia as we made our way to King's Cross Station. I rolled my eyes at her attitude towards my new found discovery that I was actually a witch. Who would have thought? Me, Lily Evans, a witch. I sure didn't. I never even thought there was a whole other world so different from the world I live in. And then an owl flew through our windows at home and Bam! My whole perspective on our world changed. Who knew there were people out there that could cast spells and brew potions that could cure almost anything? I sure didn't. Ever since I received my Hogwarts letter, my sister had treated me like some alien, as if I did not belong anymore. My parents, on the other hand, were ecstatic, happy for me, even proud. My sister, having received all the attention before, was jealous. Being older, Petunia was used to the compliments thrown at her and being praised by others, but then that all changed when we found out I was a witch. Gone were the times we used to hang out on the swings together and play with Barbie dolls.Now all Petunia could see in my parents' eyes was pride, directed towards me for once, not trained on her.We finally arrived at the station, after what appeared to be several hours in the car with my parents and dear sister, and looked around for a parking lot. After parking our car, I took out my ticket, included in the envelope sent via owl mail, as Tuney looked over my shoulders and sneered."Platform Nine and Three Quarters? Good luck getting to that freak school now!"As usual, I ignored her and hugged my parents while glaring at my lovely sister Petunia. I scanned the station until I spotted a familiar black-haired boy and rushed toward him, feeling completely lost, but at the same time a bit relieved, having seen a familiar face."Sev, where is our platform? All I see are platforms 9 and 10."He flashed me a grin and told me to "observe," diving forward into the brick wall that was separating the two platforms. What had just happened? Where did he go? What was this sorcery?  I looked back at my parents completely confused. They encouraged me to do what Severus had done and walk straight into the seemingly solid barrier.All around me, a completely different world sounds of old friends greeting each other rang through my ears, mingling with goodbyes from frantic parents of first-year students. Behind me, a huge metal gateway stood where the barrier had been. "Platform Nine and Three-Quarters," I read as my parents and Tuney came through. A ginger cat ran in front of me chasing a rat, which was chasing a frog.Through the smoke, I could see a scarlet engine with compartments upon compartments of people and seats. After a tearful goodbye, I got on the train, looking for my own compartment. The train was jampacked with wizards and witches on their way to Hogwarts. Finding a compartment was nearly impossible until finally I found one holding of four boys of about the same age. I stepped into the compartment and saw the boys look up from their conversations. Little did I know that these group of boys would turn out to be the biggest group of troublemakers Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry had ever seen.JamesI looked up as the compartment door opened. A girl with pretty auburn hair and green eyes shyly walked in."Is it okay if I sit here? Everywhere else is full."I nodded encouragingly, "Sure. I'm James, James Potter.""Way to introduce us, Jamesy," voiced my friend as of ten minutes ago. "My name's Sirius Black and this is Remus Lupin and that kid sitting over there is known as Peter Pettigrew.""I'm Lily Evans. Nice to meet you guys."As Lily took a seat next to Sirius, the compartment opened again to reveal a boy our age with long, greasy hair, so unlike the long hair of my new friend Sirius."Sevvie!" cried Lily as she hugged him with all her might. Gross. I felt immediate repulsion towards this human being, "I was looking for you, where did you disappear off to, you sly snake you!""I got lost in the crowd of students and their parents. What house do you think you'll be in? Personally I'm going to be in Slytherin.""Slytherin? Who wants to be put into Slytherin? Gryffindor is the best!" I said with disgust and conviction."My whole family was in Slytherin..." replied Sirius sullenly.My heart sank, but I chided Sirius all the same, "Blimey and I thought you seemed alright!""Well, maybe I'll break the tradition," Sirius grinned at me.Lily"That prat, James Potter! How dare he insult Sevvie like that!" I fumed silently, leaving the compartment, following Sev down the corridor. James was no good. It would be in my best interest to avoid him for life. Him and his gang of friends.All of a sudden, I crashed into somebody, knocking both of us to the ground."I'm so sorry, I wasn't watching where I was going" I apologized several times. I looked up to see a girl with blonde, wavy hair and helped her off the ground. "I'm Lily Evans.""I'm Marlene Mckinnon, are you a first year, too?""Yup!"I glanced down the corridor and could no longer see Severus. He must have met up with some friends. I didn't blame him.. he couldn't expect me to hang around him forever.Marlene and I got off the train together at a little village off to the side of Hogwarts, called, from what we gathered from the signs, Hogsmeade. A giant man was waiting there shouting "Firs' years this way."We walked over to meet him, and he led us over to a few small boats."Four ter a boat," the large man told us.Marlene and I were joined by Sev and one of his friends as the boats set out towards Hogwarts. Sev seemed to be looking away every time I looked at him. Strange. His friend seemed to be muttering nonsensical words under his breath. I caught something along the lines of "muhhhbloed." Whatever that means.As the boats guided as closer to the place we would soon be calling our home, our eyes focused on the magnificent castle just coming into view over the rolling hills in the distance.In no time at all, we arrived at the castle. As we made our way up the stairs, we were greeted by one of the professors."Hello first years, my name is Professor McGonagall and now I will be leading you guys to the Great Hall where you will be sorted." She looked at James Potter's messy hair and grimaced.We entered the Great Hall and looked around in awe."Wow!" Marlene looked up the reflected ceiling and the ghosts floating around.I nodded my head, open mouthed, in affirmation.Soon after, our names were called and I got sorted into Gryffindor along with Marlene and Potter's annoying group of boys. To nobody's surprise, Sev was sorted into Slytherin. I caught at his eye and gave a small cheery wave. Though I was sad I would no longer be spending that much time with him, I would still see him in classes. He was still my best friend and that's all that mattered.JamesSirius, Remus, Peter, and I all ended up in the same house! Score! So did Lily and her new blond friend, Martha or whatever her name was.The days passed by wonderfully; I was now in the place I was looking forward to my whole life , but wow, that Severus kid was annoying. We came to call him Snivellus, because that's what he is: a greasy slime ball. Sirius and I would cast small, harmless, even inane spells on Snivellus whenever we saw him, and he would repine. That boy does not know how to take a joke. He should try loosening up and then maybe he would find more friends who actually like him than that know-it-all, Lily Evans.One day, Sirius and I were taking a leisurely walk to the Quidditch field, when we saw our favorite greasy haired slimeball. We saw him walking towards us and the next thing we knew, we were lying face first on the dew covered grass."You'll pay for that," Sirius growled."Not likely. At any rate, it was an accident.""Yeah, right," I chimed in, "you 'ACCIDENTALLY' walked across our path and almost made us make fools out of ourselves?"I shot Sirius a look, and he knew exactly what I was thinking. We shouted "petrificus totalus" and Snivellus' limbs snapped to his sides so he could not move."Expelliarmus," Sirius chanted for good measure, and we pocketed his wand.Out of nowhere, Lily Evans ran up to us. Was this girl his bodyguard or something? Everytime we so much as laid a finger on Snivellus, she came to his rescue."Do not touch Severus," she commanded us."You mean Snivellus," Sirius sneered back at her."Release Severus from the body-bind this instant." I gotta admit, this girl had guts standing up to us.Sirius and I... we ummmm... had a bit of a reputation. It was no more than two months into our first year and already we were known as the troublemakers, the pranksters. Remus was a lot more serious than the two of us, more of a normal boy I guess, although a bit more studious than most. Peter was always good for a laugh and always supportive."Hey Sirius, I have to show you something tonight," I whispered to my friend on the way to Potions class."Is it something to make my potion as good as Evans' potion?" he asked me with a serious look on his face.Laughing, I replied to him, "Much better than that, I promise!"I walked away, allowing him time to ponder on what I could possibly be showing him tonight.While everyone else was doing homework in the common room, I brought Sirius up to our dormitory."Look," I told him as I slipped my silvery cloak out of my trunk and turned towards him trying to catch his reaction."Well, I guess I'll need to demonstrate," I replied to his confused face."Now you see me," I said to him, "and now you don't," I finished while putting on the cloak.Sirius' eyes lit up with mischief. "Do you know how much we could do with that?" He asked the general area I had been standing in.I pulled back the cloak to reveal a grin. "And that, friend, is why I showed it to you."A/N: Thanks for reading! we hope you have a wonderful day filled with ponies and unicorns and nutella! TFIOS movie coming sooooonnn YAAASSSS GAGA YASSSSSSS. -M
