DISCLAIMER: I don't own James Potter, or prologues. I do, however, own Libby. :)When James Met Libby.James Sirius Potter has no idea why he's telling the story of how he fell in love. He's not even romantic! Falling in love went against everything he believed in  but it happened. And he invites you to listen if you dare. :James/OC recommended reading with GIR and CGIR NextGen:Note: This story is compatible with the previous stories that I have written, Getting it Right, and its sequel, Conclusion to Getting it Right. This story covers everything that happens between James and my original character, Libby, over the course of these two stories. It is not necessary to read these first, but the two relate to each other and will overall make it a better reading experience. :)This story is dedicated to bekeyboo. Thank you for the inspiration and encouragement. :)Prologue: When James tells a story.(October, 2030)Mate, I have no idea why I'm telling you a love story.First of all, I'm rubbish at telling stories. And second, I am not a romantic bloke; hell, for the first 21 years of my life, I made it my sole ambition to sleep with basically every woman in greater London! You can blame Fred for that. The idiot somehow became my best mate as well as my cousin and he's never exactly been known for, y'know, having much sense.But this story  I think it's safe to say that it is completely romantic. It's dramatic, it's gasp-worthy, I like to think it's hilariously funny ('cause, y'know, I'm a stand-up kind of bloke!) and above all, it's all about love.I am James Bloody Potter!I don't do love.But 21-years-old was four years ago and a lot changed in that time. Most of this story happened!The only reason I'm telling it is because my younger cousin, Rose, went a bit mental with her wedding planning. She's getting married in barely a month and all I can say about it is thank bloody god. The amount of shit she and Scorpius went through to get to this point was ridiculous! Their love story is probably just as good as this one is going to be, and if you want to hear it, I'm sure she won't mind telling you; just go ask her. I swear she loves the sound of her own voice, anyway!What was my point again? I'm afraid I'm a rather absent-minded bloke, as well as being about as far from romantic as you can get. I believe my point was how I ended up telling this story.Right. It all started with Rose.Just the other night, she sent me a frantic owl, requesting my help right away; I figure she's dying or something, so, naturally, I rushed over in a panic and as it turned out, she'd just needed help writing her bloody wedding vows! I mean, honestly. She considers that an emergency?She had said she would normally do that sort of thing with her best friend since Hogwarts, Bea Potter, who got married to my younger brother last year. But that night, Rose's best friend was currently in France, investigating some magic-onion scandal; I don't bloody know, I never understood journalists. Since Al claimed he would rather slit his own throat than help her and Scorpius was clearly out, she had practically slammed the door shut behind me and pleaded with me to help her.You have no idea how much I just wanted to Apparate out of there. But this was Rose Weasley, c'mon! Who the hell can deny her anything?So I stayed and good bloody god. Apparently, Rose's idea of writing her wedding vows was to go through every single memory of Scorpius she had, quickly denying that every one was either inappropriate to talk about in front of a hundred people, or resulted in Scorpius coming off as a bastard. And I'm not going to lie, Scorpius was an idiot for most of their story.Long story short, she did get around to writing her vows eventually, right about when I was ready to snap and murder her. However, I didn't exactly want to admit  I'd rather enjoyed hearing the unabridged version of her and Scorpius's story and I made the mistake of mentioning it. That was about when Rose had hugged me tightly (nearly tearing my head off, I'm sure) and claimed that she wished she knew more about my story.So that's how I ended up here. Sitting on my living room sofa, telling my story. I don't know who exactly I'm telling it to, or if anyone will even care, but I'm telling it anyway, because seeing my cousin get married, after all the shit she's gone through, kind of gives me hope for myself.And I want to believe that we'll make it.Four years ago, I somehow fell in love with the woman who changed my life. The woman who made me want to be in love. The woman who loves singing loudly and off-key and considers it fun to have mock sword-fights in the hallways. The woman who managed to love me back, despite the fact that the first time she'd even considered it, I was wearing a Lord Voldemort costume.This is the story of me and, the one and only, Liberty Greer Fletcher.A/N: You asked for it.The main reason this story came into existence was because of bekeyboo. Seriously, one comment from her inspired all of this madness. Then, pretty much all of you who read GIR World expressed interest in this story and, let's face it, my imagination ran away from me, so here it is!Libby Fletcher is a character I created for previously mentioned GIR and CGIR. This story will cover from the moment she and James met, all the way beyond when CGIR finished. I have said it is not necessary to read these previous stories of mine, but I would recommend it as this story will be compatible with those.Please, if you like it, tell me what you think! I always appreciate feedback of any kind.Until next time -- Moon. :D
