THE GRYFINDOR AND THE SLYTHERINPROLOUGEJames and Lily Potter were sitting down in their living room at Godric's Hollow. "I hope the Aurors get him James", Lily whispered, gently stroking James' cheek."Don't worry Lils we've gotta trust Albus he knows what he's doing and besides, Sirius always checks on Peter to make sure he's safe. What could happen"?" I don't know James but I don't like the idea of Peter being our secret keeper. There's something off about him like he's scared of something and he acts nervous when we talk about ole snake face"."Lily we will survive this and even if we don't Harry will so let's just relax". Lily shrugged and leaned on James stroking his well built chest whilst James tried to plate her silky fiery red hair. "I love you James" Lily whispered."I love you too much Lils more than my broom". Lily chuckled softly whilst thinking of her life over the past few years. A certain bigoted arsehole who called himself Voldemort was constantly terrorizing the witches and wizards in Britain especially the Muggles. He seemed to love pure  bloods and was a great blood purist himself. "Don't worry it will be over then you can enjoy life with your family," she told herself. Slowly she drifted off to sleep.Around midnight the couple woke up to a loud bang. James quickly grabbed his wand and shushed Lily. "Go to Harry's room and stay there." Lily noticed the desperation in his voice and for the first time she felt sacred around James Potter."No, James we are together", she hissed at James. "Lily look if someone is out there and I die, Harry needs his mom to tell him stories and stuff about his dad. Take Harry and leave". Just then they heard hissing and saw a large snake approaching them with a feeling of dread they both realized what was about to happen to them. They kissed each other passionately with tears in their eyes. James quickly turned round and cast a blasting hex at the snake. The snake hissed loudly and flew out of the window and fell into the backyard. "Potential enemy down main arsehole to go" James said to himself. As he rounded the bend to the hallway James felt a full body binding hex on him and powerless he fell to the ground. His eyes flew around the room searching for his attacker and then he saw him. His snake like face like stale bread and his red eyes like fire gazed intensely from those slits he called eyes. "If it isn't the great James Potter. Lover of mudbloods and all that is a disgrace to blood purism. Well, well, well, how the mighty have fallen." Voldemort hissed laughing like a maniac.In his mind, James cursed Peter wishing him a thousand deaths in hell and concentrating on his magic he released himself from the body binding spell without Voldemort noticing. "STUPEFY"! James roared blasting Voldemort across the room."Lily! RUN! IT'S SNAKE FACE TAKE HARRY AND GO!"Snake face"? Voldemort asked James."You dare call the master of death names"?"Fuck you, you bloody bastard if I die today, I die in the hopes that one day you will die" James snarled back at Voldemort." What's the matter old Tommy boy you don't like some last minute die hard attitude huh well eat this"!..."EXPECTO PATRONUM"!. A dazzling white stag James' wand and headed straight for Voldemort."Avada Kedavra!" Voldemort screamed at the same time. The sickly green light passed through the patronus extinguishing it and the body of James Potter crumpled to the ground."Another waste of good blood". Voldemort said to himself. Slowly he headed for the nursery only to find Lily standing in front of her son. "Step aside you stupid girl.""NO!" Lily shot back fiercely at Voldemort. "You will not kill Harry.""It seems Dumbledore and his silly doctrines has confused you mudblood. Get out of my way"."No"! Lily hissed fiercely at Voldemort."Avada Kedavra"! The green light hit Lily on her chest and she fell to the ground determination in her eyes.Voldemort looked at the infant before him. "So this is the one who will end my reign of purgatory". Voldemort mused. "Well it ends now"."Avada Kedavra"! The giggling infant before him looked at the green light and stretched his hand to touch it and when it hit him, there was a sudden explosion and Voldemort looked on with dread as his own curse rebounded and hit him on his chest causing him great pain. He felt trapped like he was in a limbo state unable to move and watched the boy he tried to kill whimpering softly as blood trickled from the right side of his forehead and with that the Dark Lord was lost in time and space.MEANWHILE SOME LEAGUES AWAY FROM GODRIC'S HOLLOWSirius Black was not the happiest man at the present time. His best friend and his wife together with their son were being hunted by a bigoted and pathetic excuse of a Dark Lord. The only solution to their predicament was the use of a Fidelius. A charm that hid a person without the knowledge of any other person except the secret keeper who kept that hidden information. James had suggested that he Sirius be secret keeper but at the last moment Sirius decided to let Peter Pettigrew be the secret keeper because he told James that Voldemort was likely to come after him. And he was right Death Eaters attacked him and demanded the location of the Potters but Sirius killed every single one of them till the Aurors arrived.He was a few metres away from the door and he felt a certain feeling of fear wash over him like cold water. He looked inside the window Peter always sat and he realized that the candle Peter kept on to indicate he was safe was off. Sirius groaned inwardly cursing himself and Peter all the way. He banged the door open and he saw that Peter was indeed missing. Without wasting much time he transformed to Padfoot his animagus form and tracked Peter with his canine sense of smell. He got to an alley and he saw Peter hiding in the shadows giggling like a mad man and muttering nonsense to his self. Then Sirius heard 'Dark Lord' and he froze completely. 'Peter a Death Eater?' he said to himself. 'Impossible'. He transformed to his human form and grabbed Peter by his cloak and punched his face. "You fucking idiot! "You double crossing son of a bitch!" he wailed."James is dead because of you and Lily is gone! How could you do this Peter? We trusted you with our lives and they are dead. Why Peter? Why?" Sirius fell on his knees sobbing hard. His best friend was dead because of his choice to make Peter the secret keeper. All of a sudden he heard the Muggles looking at the two of them and then Peter changed tactics."You killed them Sirius"! "James and Lily are dead cos of you!How could you do such a thing?"Aurors arrived and the trained their wands on Sirius. Peter muttered a curse and blew the whole street apart and transformed into a rat and joined the other rats in the sewers. Aurors immediately arrived and trained their wands on Sirius. "Sirius Black, you are under arrest for the murder of James and Lily Evans as well as the sudden death of Peter Pettigrew.""Amelia" Sirius croaked, "it wasn't me it was Peter. He blew his self apart and fled into a rat. He is an animagus he works for Voldemort". Sirius talked quickly, his voice becoming desperate. Amelia Bones had never seen Sirius Black that way before she loved him and she knew he was no Death Eater but she had orders from the Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge to arrest her lover on sight as he was branded as a dangerous criminal."Incacerous", Amelia muttered and bound Sirius in ropes. Unfortunately the Muggles who saw the whole incident unfold were obliviated immediately and they had to believe Sirius was the murderer since Peter's index finger was all they could find of him. As they boarded the Ministry van, Amelia whispered in Sirius' ear promising him an escape. Amelia sat at the back of the van with Sirius and two other Aurors. Amelia silently stunned the Aurors and released Sirius. They looked at each other for a long time and kissed before Sirius transformed to his animagus form and jumped through the window. Amelia stunned herself with the handsome face of Sirius Black in her mind.PRIVET DRIVESirius pounded on the door of the Durselys hoping to see Petunia before he left. He thanked God for the life of his girlfriend all the while glancing across the street for any sign of Aurors. Petunia Dursely opened the door and when she saw Sirius she quickly led him inside. "Petunia there's no time," he whispered urgently. "Lily and her husband are dead and I don't know about Harry. In case he lives give him these books it my last parting gift before I go. I've been accused for killing your sister but it isn't me please give it to Harry should he survive." And with these words Sirius Orion Black left Privet Drive to face the harsh world as a fugitive. Petunia peered into the dark street to see if anyone was watching. She closed the door and walked to the hall. She had a good mind to dispose Sirius' gifts in the bin.Shortly after Sirius left Albus Dumbledore arrived at Number 4 Privet Drive cradling something. He was accompanied by a big man whom might have been a giant and a slim stern looking woman with her hair in a bun. Albus dropped the package on the doorstep and whispered to it, "good luck Harry Potter" and he apparated away together with his companions. Petunia awoke when she heard the door bell ringing and grumbled as she got up from bed. Thinking it was Sirius, she was about to ask if he forgot something when she saw a child sleeping in a blanket with a letter beside it. She took the child and the letter inside and when she gave it some warm milk to drink she read the letter:Dear Petunia,I regret to inform you of the death of your sister Lily and her husband. Here is the baby boy. We entrust him in your care in the hopes that you will raise him well. Yours Faithfully,Albus Dumbledore.Petunia for one thing loathed her sister and couldn't shed a tear for her sister's sudden death. She hated magic above all things and was determined to make her nephew's life hell for him. She took the books Sirius gave her and hid it in the attic and burned Dumbledore's letter. On that day she swore to make sure Harry would never get contact with magic.
