A/N: This is my Jily fanfic. My first long fanfic ever :o have mercy. It's Christmas break in their 6th year. Tell me if you like it, please. I really appreciate it if you take the time to read this, thank you!1. Christmas timeLily woke up to a frenetic knocking on her bedroom door."Lily!" She winced. Her sister's voice was not the first thing you wanted to hear in the morning."What?" Petunia broke up the door without answering. She found her way to Lily's window. "Tunia, what are you doing?" Lily asked in a tired voice, rubbing sleep out of her eyes. "Is it Christmas morning already?""No," Petunia said, still looking out of the window. "That's not until tomorrow, freak."Lily sighed. She looked at a clock on her nightstand. It was ten o'clock. She sighed again and rolled out off her warm comfortable bed. She picked up a pair of pants from the floor and put them on. "What are you looking at? And why are you looking at it from my room and not, I don't know, the kitchen or something."Petunia gave her a killing look. "Because he can see me from the kitchen, dummy. It's this guy; he's been walking past our house like fifteen times or something. Look! He's just standing there, looking at the house.""Really?" Lily pulled a sweater over her head and giggled. "Is he cute?""Well, he's no Vernon, if you know what I mean."Lily rolled her eyes at her sister. If he was no Vernon he had to be cute! She made her way to the window.Her first thought was that he looked really familiar, though she couldn't see his face. He had dark, if not black, hair and was wearing a black winter jacket that seemed to fit him absolutely perfect."Well, let me know if he moves." Lily joked and walked out of the room to the bathroom.She brushed her teeth and combed her hair. And when she got back to her bedroom she found Petunia glued to the window. It was embarrassing, really. It wasn't like he was a celebrity, or anything.Lily walked over to the window again. She wanted to see the boy's face. They had watched him for about thirty seconds before he turned so they could see his face.Lily gasped and her jaw dropped. She would recognize that face anywhere. His brown eyes looked worried behind the glasses. Lily jumped away from the window so he couldn't see her if he looked up. What was he doing here? It wasn't fair. "Fuck!""What is it?" Petunia glared at her."What the hell is he doing here? He shouldn't be here!" Lily was slightly panicking."I reckon you know him then. Is he one of your freak friends?""We are not freaks, and he is NOT my friend!" She had been so happy to get a Potter-free holiday after the term she had had, but of course he had to come ruin it. That stupid prat!Something drove Petunia's attention back to the window. "He's walking down the driveway.""WHAT!" Lily's eyes widen in panic.The doorbell rang. 'No!' she thought. She ran out of her room. Half way down the stairs she could hear her mother talk to someone who sounded way to familiar. 'Fuck!' She stopped and listened. They couldn't see her from where she stood."I don't know if she's awake yet. She use to sleep in very late, you see." She heard her mother say. "Come in, and I'll go check on her."She could hear James say something (she couldn't hear what) before the door closed. Lily shifted and lost her balance. She fell down the rest of the stairs with a little scream. The fall was only a couple of steps, but still. Petunia's laughter from the top of the stairs filled her ears. She swore and got up on feet.Her mother looked worried, unlike James who was smiling like a maniac. "Nice entrance, but I think it would be easier to just walk down instead." He said earning himself a poisoned look from Lily."Hello to you too." She said."Uhm" Her mother looked confused between them."Oh, sorry mom." Lily walked over to them. She continued. "Eh, this is James Potter. We go to school together.""Ah, I see. Well it's nice meeting you James.""Nice meeting you too Mrs. Evans.""I'll just leave you two alone then." Lily's mother said walking towards the kitchen."That's not necessary." Lily said, but her mother was already gone.She sighed and looked over at Potter. He was wearing dark blue muggle jeans and a brown jumper that fit perfectly on his muscular body, and Lily was sure he knew just how good he looked. Stupid, arrogant prat!She watched him questioning. He only gave her a goofy smile. Rolling her eyes, she grabbed his arm and pulled him with her in to the living room.James sat down on the couch while Lily took place in one of the armchairs. James just looked at Lily without saying a word. She suddenly felt a little uncomfortable."Uhm So, why are you here?" She asked him after a moment.He pulled a hand through his messy hair. "Eh, well, I came to give you this." He pulled out a tiny black box from his pocket. "Happy Christmas" he through it at her and she caught it."You got me a present?" She was a little confused. "You know you could have just sent it with an owl, right?"This wasn't the first time James had given her a present, he had been doing that for the last three years or so. But this was the first time he had given her the present in person. He usually just sent it with an owl or (on her birthdays) got someone else to give it to her for him."Yeah, but I wanted to see you." James said with a cheeky smirk. Lily rolled her eyes at him.She opened the small box. Inside there was a bracelet made of braided black leather with a silver ring on top of it. It was simple and pretty, nothing flashy at all. Lily was a little shocked. This wasn't like James. He usually gave her something like expensive chocolate harts or a diamond necklace or something. This bracelet was beautiful. Just the kind Lily liked.James was sitting on the couch looking at his hands. He didn't dare to look at her. Merlin, this was embarrassing. Was she going to say something? Yell at him maybe. This was the reason why he never gave the present personally, he thought.They sat in silence for a couple of minutes, James looking nervous down on his lap and Lily staring at the bracelet. She didn't know what to do. The gift was perfect, but it was James stupid Potter who gave it to her. She opened her mouth to say something, although she didn't know exactly what, but luckily James cut in."What time is it?"Lily looked at the clock on her arm. "It's eleven," she answered. "Why?"She never got the answer. "Shit!" He stood up and walked out of the living room.When Lily caught up with him he was taking on his jacket. "I have to go, sorry. But my parents will be home soon and start wonder where I am.""You haven't told them you were visiting me? Wait, who did you get here in the first place, we aren't allowed to use magic outside of school yet?" Lily watched him confused."The Knight Bus." He smiled proudly.She raised an eyebrow. "Ok then. Well, bye." She opened the door for him.He smiled and walked out. Before she closed the door he turned to look at her. "Evans?""Yes?" she sighed."Go out with me on Sunday?" he grinned. She rolled her eyes. "No!" She said threatening and she shot the door in his face.AN: okay guys. Be honest, what do you think? Should I continue? Should I just stop? Is it good? Does it suck? Please tell me something.. Thank you! Again ^^ 
