I do not own Harry Potter.Author's Note: For this story I have Lily, Al and James only one year older than each other. So James is a seventh year, Al a sixth year and Lily a fifth year. Let me know what you think!Lily Potter was currently in her fifth year at Hogwarts, a Gryffindor just like both her brothers and her parents. Up until now she had played the part of a good little girl, never doing anything wrong. That was all about to change because she was tired of being perfect. Tired of pretending. She was sick of being hit on by silly little boys who wouldn't know how to please a witch if their life depended on it. Lily had a plan and it involved the resident ladies man at Hogwarts. She wanted to learn about sex and she wanted to learn from someone who knew what they were doing. Her brothers would surely have a fit if they ever knew what she was planning but if she had her way they wouldn't find out until it was too late. She had just snuck into James room to steal the invisibility cloak and then Al's to steal the Marauder's map. Now it was just midnight and she was looking at herself in the bathroom mirror. Short skirt Check. Top that showed just enough cleavage Check. Wild, sexy hair Check. She took a deep breath, put the cloak on and proceeded to leave Gryffindor tower unnoticed amongst all the noise. After all it was Friday night. As she walked towards the front doors she couldn't help but feel nervous. What if he didn't show up? What if he was showing all his friends her letter and laughing? She shook her head. No, there was nothing in her letter to even hint at anything embarrassing. She had kept the letter short and sweet:I have something that may interest you.Meet me by the Whomping Willow at Midnight.Lily PotterAs she exited the castle and made her way to the Whomping Willow she threw away any last doubts she had and set her mind to making a convincing argument. She was going to need her courage for this but also a fair amount of her usually hidden cunningness. After all, the hat had wanted to put her in Slytherin, but she wasn't ready to shed her good girl image at the time. This was itshe could see him waiting for her, in all his godliness. She swore he looked like a combination of a rugby player and a surfer with his heavily muscled body, perfect face, blue/grey eyes and his sexy, I just rolled out of bed, blonde hair. He was the complete opposite of her, as she was quite petite, with fiery red hair and blazing green eyes. She took a deep breath and pulled off her cloak before moving next to him. He seemed surprised to see her but she simply flashed him her sexiest smile."I didn't think you were going to come," he said looking at her curiously."I didn't think you were going to come," replied Lily raising her eyebrow.He grinned and held out her letter before he said, "Well, when the famous Lily Potter asks me out of nowhere to meet her late at night, outside the castle, I have to come. I mean I'm quite curious what it is that you have.""Famous, am I?" asked Lily smirking.He laughed heartily and said, "Like you don't know."She looked at him curiously and he continued, "Every bloke in this castle is falling over themselves to get close to you. Surely, you've noticed.""Not every bloke," she replied grinning.Another bark of laughter, "No, you're right, there are the first and second years that haven't hit puberty yet.""And my brothers.""Yes, but they fall all over themselves to keep you protected from all the blokes.""What about you?""What about me?""Should they be protecting me from you?""If they're smart.""Really," smirked Lily, looking him over."Really," he said huskily as he moved closer to her.Lily's eyes twinkled mischievously as she asked, "Do you want to know why I asked you to meet me here?""I think I have a fair idea, but yes, please, fill me in," he whispered in her ear."It's my understanding that you're quite experienced, yes?"He chuckled and said, "Yeah, you could say that.""I want you to teach me."He took a step back and looked at her wide-eyed, causing her to smirk in response."You're joking.""I'm not. I want you to teach me about sex. I want to know how to please a man and I want to be pleased."He looked at her for several minutes before he looked around and said, "Are you serious?""I am, I promise. I want to learn from someone experienced but I also need someone who isn't afraid of my brothers and the rest of my family. You obviously meet those requirements and it helps that I find you quite attractive.""This is insane.""Why? Because I don't want my first sexual experience to be a let down? Because I want to be with someone who knows how to make me come? Because I want to learn how to give a good blowjob? These are things that everyone learns, I just want to learn them from you," replied Lily nonplussed.The shock of hearing Lily talk like that quickly turned to lust and he moved closer to her, wrapping his arm around her bringing her flush up against him. "Are you sure you know what you're getting yourself into?"Lily nodded and said, "I do have one condition though.""What's that?""Just me. If we do this, I want you to be with just me. I was thinking 6 months would be enough time to teach me.""Six months of just you? I don't know if you can handle that, Potter. I usually have sex several times a week and you're a virgin.""Not for much longer."He grinned lasciviously at her and replied, "Yes, but until we get to that I'll be going cold turkey.""Well, you'll just have to teach me other ways to please you until then.""Bloody hell, you're really serious about this, aren't you?""Absolutely."He looked at her curiously before he stepped away from her and began pacing back and forth mumbling to himself. After several minutes of this, he turned to her and said, "Alright, Potter, you have a deal. I just need to break things off with a couple witches. We're going to have to go public because I can't break things off and keep them away for six months unless they know I'm with someone else. That OK with you?""Depends on what you mean by public," replied Lily."I'm not going to tell everyone I'm teaching you about sex, if that's what you're thinking. I mean, we're not going to hide that we're together. You're essentially going to be my girlfriend for the next six months and I don't exactly care who's around when I feel like snogging my girlfriend.""Alright, then, I'm OK with that," replied Lily grinning."You sure? I'm quite needy," he replied wiggling his eyebrows at her as he pulled her close again."I think I can handle it," whispered Lily as he brought his mouth closer to hers."Good, then, it looks like we have a deal, Potter.""Just one more thing""Yeah?""You're going to have to stop calling me Potter" Lily barely finished her sentence when he descended on her lips. First gently nipping them, then licking until she parted them, letting him in. He explored her mouth timidly at first, almost as if he was afraid he would hurt her. Lily decided she wanted more and wrapped her hands in his hair and tugged, making him moan before his kiss became somewhat aggressive. He was devouring her and had one hand in her hair and the other was cupping her ass underneath her skirt. She moaned wantonly and pushed up against him as the kiss grew more passionate. Several minutes later, they separated, completely out of breath and panting hard.He grinned at her and said, "Fuck, that was hot, Peaches.""Peaches?"He nodded as he ran his hand through her hair and said, "You taste like Peaches, Potter."She smiled and said, "If you say so."He kissed her again and it grew passionate quickly. He pulled away reluctantly and said, "We have six months, Peaches, I'm not going to rush.""I may not want to wait that long," she panted.He grinned widely and said, "I'm really glad I came to meet you tonight.""Me too," replied Lily."Shall we head back in?""Yeah, I guess we should," replied Lily reluctantly.He chuckled and said, "Just give me tomorrow to break things off with the others and then we can pick right back up where we left off.""Promise?" Lily asked sexily."Fuck, yes, I can't wait to taste every part of you," he replied huskily, making Lily blush for the first time all night.He chuckled as he grabbed her hand and walked towards the castle. Soon after they were inside they kissed one final time before they had to part ways."Don't make plans for tomorrow night, alright?" he called as she headed towards the stairs.She turned and smiled at him and said, "Sure.""Night Peaches," he said before he turned to head down the stairs to the dungeons."Sweet dreams, Scorpius," she called before turning and practically skipping up the steps.Author's note: So what did you think? Should I continue? I'm dying to hear
