Hey guys sorry, I've been really sick and times are just really messed up now. Anyway this is my new story I'm a huge Pot-head so hope you guys enjoy this.I don't own Harry Potter, Um that belongs to JK Rowling, lucky woman!Hermione Granger arrived at Kings Cross Station early on September 1st to avoid a certain red head boy who always found it fun to torment her. She got her bags loaded and walked briskly to the end of the maroon train and chose to sit in the compartment next to the prefects. Her bushy brown hair flowing roughly behind her, it was only 8 o'clock in the morning meaning she was the first one on the train- as always. People usually made fun of her for her love of reading and her large front teeth which her parents had insisted she get braces for, it was more a command really, now she had to face her 5th year at Hogwarts with her teeth wired, yeah 'cause she didn't get enough torture for her looks. Hermione had very few friends her best friend was one Neville Longbottom, not the smartest nor the bravest boy alive but certainly one of the most loyal people known to exist, her other friends were; Lavender Brown and Pavarti Patil the gossip section of the group, their friendship started in their 2nd year by the two girls finding Hermione in the girls bathroom at Hogwarts with her wrists slashed they got her to the hospital wing where Madam Pomfrey mended her cuts. The sight shocked the two girls, the smartest witch in their year had tried to commit suicide after the whole scenario they refused to let her out of their sites and made themselves her two guardians and friends. They had spent every summer sending her letters and invites to their houses to ensure she never felt alone ever again.Two hours passed and people started coming by the dozens into the station, Hermione was reading a book she had bought before arriving at Kings Cross Station when her compartment door slid open, revealing her worst fear, Ronald Weasley, her personal bully, he had hated Hermione ever since their 1st year at Hogwarts and now he had recruited his sister, Ginny Weasley to help insult her."Hey Ginny, what's that smell?" He asked obnoxiously."Hmm, smells like a mudblood, oh look that's why." She replied pointing at Hermione.Laughing the duo walked back down the train to find their own compartment. Wiping tears away Hermione got back to her book, when the door opened once again, she was expecting the Weasley duo again and drew her wand to hex them but stopped to see Neville standing there with his hands held up in surrender."Whoa Mione it's me!" he called."Sorry, it's just the Weasels were here and well, yeah." She said putting her wand away and getting back to her book."Sorry Mione, I should've knocked. So, how was your summer?" he asked in hopes to change the subject away from the two youngest Weasley children."Not too bad thanks yours?""Eh, average. Where are the Gossip columns?"Hermione chuckled, "They haven't arrived yet, oh wait speak of the devils."Just as Hermione said that, Parvati and Lavender burst through the door and almost killed her with a double bear hug then doing the same to Neville before sitting down and spilling the dirt on what they had heard over the summer vacation."and apparently they say this unknown source had stated that You-Know-Who's back!" finished Parvarti.There was a deadly silence in the room before Neville spoke."So do you think his back? I mean he was reported killed.""Of course the Ministry isn't going to take this seriously, I mean if the public heard that this mad man has in fact returned they'll be an uproar." Hermione said putting her book down and looking thoughtful."Okay next topic!" Lavender started, "I heard there's going to be a new student joining our year at Hogwarts!" she finished excitedly."Okay how do you even know that?" Neville asked sceptically."Mama's got ways Longbottom." Lavender said with a sly smile.The rest of the journey was spent discussing the new student; Who is it? Are they a boy or girl? Will they be taking the same subjects as them? Are they cute? (Lavender's question) They were having fun with the possibility that this new person would be their friend.Oo00oODraco Malfoy was sitting in his compartment with his fellow Slytherin looking out the window at the passing country side."What's wrong, Draco?" Pansy Parkinson asked."What? Oh nothing, I was just thinking of something father told me before I left, apparently we're getting a student in our year this year."Daphne Greengrass who had been quiet the entire journey perked up at the mention of a new student."Who is it?" asked Vincent Goyle."I don't know he didn't tell me. All I know is that this person had to go into hiding, for some security thing, I bet it's some stupid mudblood, knowing the fool Dumbledore. He'll let any sort of riff raft in Hogwarts."Daphne rolled her blue eyes, at Draco's words. She hated that word, and wasn't like any of the other Slytherin's who only cared for themselves and looked down on the other houses. She always respected Hufflepuff for their Loyalty, Ravenclaw for their knowledge and Gryffindor for their bravery, but everyone else associated Slytherin with evil, all because of that ignorant fool Draco Malfoy. Looking over at her best friend Tracey Davis, Daphne was happy to see her roll her eyes at him as well. Then without any warning Blaise Zabini sat in front of them and gave what he must've thought as a flirty smile."Hey Greengrass, Davis, you ladies are looking especially good this evening.""What do you want Zabini?" Daphne asked with ice in her tone which made Blaise wince a little. They don't call her the 'Ice Queen' for nothing."I was wondering if one of you lovely ladies would like to accompany me on the trips to Hogsmead this year." He asked hiding he's fear so well that only a 4 year old would be fool."No." They girls replied simultaneously, leaving no room for argument.Seeing that he struck out, Blaise made his way over to the table with Draco to hear more about this mystery student that will be arriving into their year.Oo00oOThe Hogwarts Express came to a halt at its destination. After changing into their Gryffindor filing out of the train, Neville, Parvati, Lavender and Hermione made their way to a horseless carriage still discussing the new student, when their fun was ruined, by the red head terrors."Oh look, its Fartari, Long-arse, Browny and the Mudblood. Well let's go Gin; I'm not going to get infected with their patheticness." Ron laughed.The four friends glared at the duo as they got on their own carriage. Turning away from them they were shocked to see two Slytherine's sitting next to Hermione, apparently their thoughts the two Slytherin's spoke before they could."Sorry, the only other carriage's left are with the Weasel's and with Draco. We're not fans of theirs." The blonde said with a hard voice."I'm Tracey Davis, and my warm natured friend here is Daphne Greengrass." Tracey said with a smile. But her comment earned her a glare from her best friend."Wait, Greengrass as in the 'Ice Queen' Greengrass?" Lavender asked which only got her a nod in response."Wow. You're like a legend amongst all the girls in our year!" Parvati praised."Really? Why?" Neville asked."Merlin Longbottom, you're slow! She turned down Cedric Diggory's invite to Hogsmead!" Lavender said slapping Neville's arm."Well I'm sorry I'm not a subscriber of the Hogwarts gossip column!" Neville cried rubbing his arm.The others gave a small chuckle; even Daphne cracked a smile at the playful banter between the two friends. The carriage started moving and the all fell into a comfortable silence until Tracy started the topic of the new student arriving at Hogwarts."Yeah, Malfoy doesn't sound too happy about it, does he?" Neville said after what Tracey had told them what they had heard on the train."He's just sulking; with all this new talk of a new student no one's paying him any attention." Daphne said with a satisfied grin.They reached the grounds of Hogwarts they walked into the great hall still talking about Draco's tiny ego and how they hope this new student crushes it further. Saying their goodbye's they made their way to their separate houses. The four friends had been in a good mood until"Oh, Merlin! Did you see that? Longbottom, Patil, Brown and Mu- Granger are now hanging out with snakes!" Ginny yelled pointing at the four in question, which sent waves mummers through the Gryffindor table but several words were heard such as; 'Traitors.' 'Not true Gryffindor's.' and the obvious 'God I wish that Granger had just finished what she tried to do in 3rd year.' which came from Ron, of course earning him a few chuckles from Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigin.After a few minutes of being insulted by their 'Family' the Great hall fell and Professor McGonagall was leading the very nervous looking first years into the hall, then next came the Sorting Hat which she placed on a stool and to the surprise of many first year students it started singing.I may look funny, tattered and torn,But an honourable oath I have sworn.To sort the Wise from the Loyal and the Cunning from the Brave,Though a test is required it is not what you are thinking, nay.I am the sorting hat bewitched by the greatest of minds,I do not judge on the big picture but read between the lines.Are you Loyal enough to grace the Hufflepuff home?Or do you possess the knowledge of Ravenclaw in thy dome.Are you strong to bare Gryffindor on your chest?Or maybe you have the cunning mind of Sytherine you want to test.You may not know where they all have been,But I know and I have seen.They filled me with the answered you all seek,So put me on and I shall have a peek. The Great Hall broke out into applause and cheers were heard from the Weasley twins, the only Weasley's the four friends liked, they were so much nicer than their younger siblings. After the sorting was completed everyone was happy that they would finally get some food, but what shocked some students was that the Sorting hat was yet to be removed. Dumbledore then stood and the students fell quiet, giving a small smile he addressed them."Welcome to another magical year at Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I'd like to announce a few things before we begin our feast. Firstly I'd like to say that the Forbidden Forest at the end of the school grounds is off limits to all students, even though most of you seem to ignore this rule." Dumbledore's blue eyes fell on the Weasley twins who grinned at him in response, giving a small smile and sigh at their reactions he continued, "I'd also like to introduce our new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professors Lupin." Remus Lupin stood from the teachers' table and gave a small wave before sitting again. "Also I notice that you all see the Sorting hat has yet to be removed, there is a good reason for this, there shall be a new student joining the 5th years this year." The whispers and mummers began again before they all died down again. "I am sure the news had been spread way before I had made this announcement, now without further ado, Professor McGonagall?"The strict looking Professor stepped forward and read the last name on the piece of parchment. "Potter, Harry." The great didn't just roar they broke into a downright scream. Many questions and statements were heard, "Thee Harry Potter?!" "Wait I thought he died?" "Merlin's left testicle in a nut-cracker!"All the commotion died when a boy with wide shoulders, messy, wild hair and round, rimmed glasses stepped forward from behind the teachers table and sat on the stool. Professor McGonagall then placed the Sorting hat on his head; it took a maximum of 20 minutes before the hat called, "Gryffindor!"The red and gold table went ballistic with cheers as Harry made his way over to his new house table, sitting at the very end, then looking at Lupin who gave him a warm smile and nod, to which Harry responded with a thumbs up. Looking at the table Harry smiled at everyone and they all smiled back at him. Dumbledore congratulated Harry before the food magically appeared and everyone in the Great hall started enjoying their supper and desserts.Oo00oOAt the Slytherin table Daphne couldn't help but notice how calm and collected Harry seemed at the Sorting. What was it with this guy? He defeated the Dark Lord when he was barely a year old; disappears for 16 years then randomly reappears. Something just didn't feel right. Not in the he's evil sense, he's in Gryffindor the self-proclaimed good guys, so why did something feel a little off?Draco Malfoy was gobsmacked; the Harry Potter was here in Hogwarts, not that he cared, but this could definitely get him back as the most popular kid in school if he could recruit Potter in his clique he could control the entire student body. Malfoy and The-Boy-Who-Lived had a certain ring to it that made him smile slyly. Pansy noticed this and asked him what he was thinking to which he replied, "I'm going to be King of Hogwarts."After the feast the houses left for their dormitories, not surprisingly everyone was trying to get to Harry, but quickly found they couldn't get more than a few feet to him without being pushed back by something. Reaching the portrait the prefect gave her the password and everyone made their way in and found a seat in their respected groups. Just kidding, everyone circled Harry and tried to either shake his hand or ask him questions. Getting quickly annoyed Harry made his way upstairs and walked into the boys room, opened his owl; Hedwig's cage and let her fly out for a bit, while he sat on his bed and laid down for a good night's sleep to ensure that his good and ready for the next day.Meanwhile Lavender, Parvati, Neville and Hermione were down stairs."His, really hot!" exclaimed Lavender while Parvati nodded."I don't know he seemed really snobbish to me" Hermione said while she read her book from the train."I don't think it's that, I think he just doesn't want the attention, I mean his getting praised and thanked for something he can't even remember doing. If I were him I'd do the exact same thing." Neville finished with a huge yawn, "Well I'm drained, I'm heading to bed, night.""Night, Nev.""Later Longbottom.""Good night Neville."They all called back, after spending another 10 minutes talking about Harry Potter they decided that they should all get to bed and be ready for the next day.Oo00oOThe next day was everything Harry had expected it to be- Loud and annoying people wanting his attention, why couldn't they just leave him alone? Making his way down to first period after losing his horde of fans, Harry walked down to the dungeons and walked into the potions class, where he noticed that nearly everyone had saved him a seat in hopes he would grace them with his presence. Looking around he found several open seats but the looks on the peoples' faces just creeped him out, especially the one guy with blonde sleeked hair who kinda looked like a smiling clown without makeup, which just made it creeper. Than he saw it, a seat open but the person sitting next to it, hadn't even noticed he had arrived, judging by the length of the hair he assumed they were female, and she didn't really care that he was there. Walking quickly before anyone could grab him and suggest that he sit next to them he moved to the open seat and sat down taking out his shrunken cauldron and ingredients and re-enlarging them.Turning to the girl sitting next to him, he noticed her eyes, were red and puffy, he was about to ask what the matter was, but then the door slammed open and a black haired man in black robes walked into the room. Everyone sat up and looked to the front while the man looked over the class, his eyes met Harry's they shared a small nod before he began."Turn to page 293 of your text books, today you shall be learning to make an elixir that if one should drink it, would make them appear dead. Well what are you waiting for? Begin!" he said before turning to his desk and continuing with his work.Harry never liked this man, he hated Harry's father because of something that happened while they were at school together and took every chance he could get to torture him when his uncle Remus wasn't around. Harry knew this potions lesson was going to be a long one.Everyone was busy with their 'Draft of living Death' Harry turned back to the brunette girl next to him."Hello." He mentally slapped himself for not starting off with a funny comment about Snape, "I'm Harry." Yet another mental slap was delivered."Hermione." She replied quietly."Nice to meet you, Hermione. So you want to talk about it?""What?""The reason you were crying." He said as it if were written for the world to read."How do you kno-" she didn't get to finish before he answered."Your eyes are red and puffy, you have a slight swell around your cheeks, your breath is hitched and you're slightly shaking.""Wha-""I'm good at reading people." Harry replied turning back to his cauldron, "So is it because of your braces?""Kinda, well yes and no. It's complicated." She said looking away from him."Try me." He said looking at her again. Hermione didn't know what it was about him but she somehow didn't sense any mock or amusement in his voice."Okay, well Firstly, I get teased a lot because I know a lot of things, I love reading and I tried committing suicide in third year." She took a shaky breath as she felt tears forcing their way to the surface. Harry saw this and put a supportive hand on her shoulder.Two rows away Ron Weasley was watching, this watching this and whispered to Dean and Seamus, "Why would Harry Potter want to hang out with that Muddy?""Probably feels sorry for her." Seamus said also glaring at the two."Yeah, you right Seamus like one of the greatest wizards in England would want to be HER friend." The trio shared a laugh before getting back to their work.Harry had heard the entire thing Ron and his posse were saying and felt a wave of anger crash through him but calmed down as he quietly whispered to Hermione and she gave a slight giggle and turning to Ron she gave a warm smile and a wave before turning to Harry and giving him a silent thank you.After the potions class Harry was going to DADA while Hermione went off to ruins, only to run into Ginny, "Ew Muddy! Don't look at me!"Hermione smiled as she walked passed Ginny who had a look of confusion on her face at Hermione's reaction, she was half hoping to at least get a little argument going, but no such luck.Oo00oODADA was the same as Potions; creepy smiling faces begging Harry to sit next to them, with a sigh Harry made his way over to an empty table and sat down, only to be crowded by giggling and blushing girls trying to find a seat next to him. Before Harry could move though, Professor Lupin walked into the class."Hello class." He greeted, "My name is Professor Lupin and I shall be your new Defence against the Dark Arts teacher." He finished looking over class and having to supress a laugh in his laugh as he saw his God son crowded by females, the icing on the cake was Harry's pleading face which actually made Lupin bite his tongue so he wouldn't make a snide comment, but he knew Harry would get him back if he didn't help him out somehow, looking around the class he had the perfect solution planned out."Oh this seating arrangement just isn't going to work, Miss, yes you would you mind sitting here up front," he pointed Tracey Davis who looked pained to be away from Daphne but got up and sat in the chair against the wall. "Harry, next to her." With a combined look of relief, concern and suspicion Harry got up from his seat, and sat next to Ms Davis, "and since Ms Davis and Ms Greengrass seem to be hurt about being separated, Ms Greengrass, next to Mr Potter." Harry looked at Lupin in disbelief but only got a stern gaze in return, but he automatically saw the laughter in his second God father's eyes. Note to self; never trust a Marauder again Harry thought to himself. After seating the others Lupin decided to add a little more torment to Harry's dilemma, "Alright everyone, today we're not going to do anything, just talk to your neighbours and get to know each other a little better."Harry glared at Remus as he walked over to his desk, to the surprise of many students and started doing paper work. "Well get on with it." Lupin called to the class who then started chatting to one another. Harry sat awkwardly between two Slytherin girls who both sat quietly."I'm Daphne that's Tracey." The blonde girl said suddenly which startled Harry a little."Um it's a pleasure to meet to both of you, I'm Ha-" he was cut off by Daphne."We know who you are; the entire Wizard world knows you are.""True but they only know of me, not WHO I am." He said."Oh ignore her, so where have you been for the last 16 years?" Tracey asked suddenly."I'm sorry, I can't really say." Harry replied."Oh well that's understandable I guess." Tracey said sadly.They fell into another awkward silence."So you can talk to Hermione Granger but you're too good for us, eh Mr Potter?" Daphne said coldly."Well, what would you like to know about me Ms Greengrass? Besides I was helping her out with a problem." He replied just as coldly."Favourite colour?""Blue you?"She turned to glare at him but instead she stared at his sparkling green eyes, she answered before she could stop herself, "Gr-Green." She stuttered, noticing this she turned away from Harry and looked back to the front of the class."Well Ms Davis, favourite colour?" he asked while he turned to face her."Oh, hmm I'd say Red." She said flushing slightly while staring at his eyes."Oh red, fantastic colour, the colour of passion, strength and love. Very nice chose.""Um, yeah love, right." Tracey managed to say before Daphne joined the conversation again."So Potter, any romance between you and Ms Granger?" she asked cockily."Why Ms Greengrass, if you're not careful someone might assume that you were jealous." He said with a small wink."Wha- no I just meant, I didn't mean it like that I was just-" this time Daphne flushed pink as she stammered for a response."Don't worry, I'm just pulling your leg, but to answer your question, no there's nothing going on between us." He finished with a smile.Daphne flushed once again and turned to see Professor looking at her trying to hold back a laugh. Looking away from the teacher she couldn't but think that Potter was nothing more than a fame hungry dog. Though something in her needed evidence in that, so she turned to him once again and asked a very simple question."Potter, do you like being famous for something you don't even know accomplishing?" she asked with a snarl. Tracy gave a small gasp as she glared at Daphne."So you want to see if I'm self-centred? Well I promised to answer all your questions truthfully and hear it is; do you know anything about my parents Ms Greengrass?" Daphne was shocked by the sudden question but shook her head anyway, Harry turned to Tracy and posed the same question as she also shook her head leaning back on his chair he began, "Well they died that night. My father died protecting my mother, and my mother died protecting me from Voldemort." Tracey shuddered at the name while Daphne sat still listening. "He killed them both to try and kill me, but what he didn't know was that my mother's sacrifice gave me a sort of shield that deflected the curse he hit me with back at him and leaving me with this scar." He said pointing to his forehead, "So to answer your question; no I hate being famous for letting my parents die in order to save me then having Voldemort's spell repel off of me. I hate being famous for the loss I had to go through." Harry finished.Daphne stared at him mouth open and unable to believe she had been such a prat to him. Seeing this Harry placed a hand on her shoulder and gave her a small smile as a sign that he won't this conversation against her. Turning back to Tracey, he noticed she had tears in her eyes and were close to falling, Harry gave her a hug and told her not to cry, it happened and that all he had to do was avenge them. Pulling away from her she gave a nod and he turned back to Daphne who engulfed Harry in a viciously tight hug before giving him a small apology and he reassured her that it was fine. Pulling away Harry turned to Lupin and they made eye contact, Daphne noticed they were staring at each other while shaking their heads and nodding and occasionally lifting an eyebrow as if they were in deep discussion about something, Daphne saw that Tracey also noticed this then suddenly Harry gave snort as he held back some laughter,"What's so funny?" Tracey asked."Look behind us." Harry replied stifling another laugh.Turning around Daphne and Tracey noticed every girl and occasional guy in the classroom were glaring at the two girls with jealousy practically pouring out of them. Tracy turned back and let out a string of giggles, while Daphne gave a rare smile but couldn't help but wonder how Harry knew about the girls.Oo00oOBy the end of the school day Harry had made friends with Hermione Granger from Potions, Tracey Davis and Daphne Greengrass from DADA, Fred and George Weasley during their lunch break, Neville Longbottom from Herbology and Pavarti Patil and Lavender Brown from Diviations after learning they had a few mutual friends.But Harry knew better than to think nothing that nothing wrong could after an almost perfect day, he laid in his bed pretending to be a sleep to avoid the annoying guys in their dorm.Hermione lay awake in her bed thinking about how Harry told her that the Weasley's were intimidated by her knowledge and only said those things because that's how they saw themselves next to her. Hermione knew she had instantly gained a crush on Harry after his support and offer to hex them if they insulted her ever again. Smiling once again she turned over and fell straight to sleep.Daphne Greengrass woke up from having a dream about green eyes staring into hers and particular words being spoken before particular actions were done, causing her major discomfort at the thought of seeing the boy in her dreams tomorrow in class. She wiped her brow and attempted to sleep to sleep without thinking of a certain boy anymore.Tracey Davis smiled at the dream she had had. Harry and herself making out on the astronomy tower, in the middle of a downpour and his arms wrapped tightly around her petite frame while her hands roamed through his messy brunette hair. Yeah, this was a good dream.
