A Great Adventure: ReincarnationsSummary: Harry James Potter is about to have the change of a life time, having a little voice in your head is normal right? No it's not. One sentence is the only thing he could think of 'Why does it always (Italisize Always) have to be me?'N/ASo this is my first story YAY! so no CRITISIZING Iam an Philipino with a trying to be a brit Accent so i beg your pardon if my grammar isn't right Desclaimer: In another amazin' Universe I OWN The Harry Potter series but in this Universe... sadly it belongs to J.K RowlingProlugueooo0ooo0ooo0Arthur woke up Merlin was sitting on the other side of the campfire with his back to Arthur"Merlin"Arthur mutture"How are you feeling?"Merlin askedArthur tried to sit up but only to cause him pain He grabbed Merlin's shoulder while Merlin puts a hand on Arthur's shoulder, and then grabs his arm"Lie Back"Merlin said"Where have you been?"Arthur asked looking at his friend in wonder"It doesn't matter now."Merlin said Simply"my side."Arthur gasped Merlin winced "You're bleeding"Merlin said"That's all right."Arthur said "I thought I was dying.""I'm sorry."Merlin began tears threaten to fall " I thought I'd defied the prophecy. I thought I was in time.""What are you talking about?"he asked him"I defeated the saxons." The dragon. And yet...And yet I knew it was Mordred that I must stop." Arthur patted his shoulder"The person who defeated them was the sorcerer..."Arthur said Merlin started crying"It was me."He said Arthur looked at him in a way that said no"Don't be ridiculous, Merlin."Arthur said "This is stupid"he said "why would you say that?""I'm a..."Merlin paused thinking that he was now crying like a waterfall"i'm a sorcerer."He said voice cracking "I have magic. And I use it for you, Arthur."Merlin paused he cried even more "Only for you."Merlin, you are not a sorcerer. I would know!""Look. Here"Merlin said he pointed hishand at the fire he took a deep breath "Upastige draca!"an animated dragon began to float"Leave me."Arthur said looking a bit depressed"But Arthur!"No. Just...you heard! Just..."ooo0ooo0ooo0" Avalon. We'll get there."Merlin said something spooks the horses and they take off. Merlin gets up and tries to stop them."Hello, Emrys." Merlin goes to turn around. Morgana throws him back with a flash of her eyes. Arthur tries to reach for his sword. Morgana turned to Arthur"What a joy it is to see you, Arthur."Morgana said sneering "Look at you! not so tall and mighty now. You may have won the battle, but you've lost the war. You're going to die by Mordred's hand. But don't worry, my dear brother, I won't let you die alone. I will stay and watch over you" Merlin draws the Excalibur quietly from behind "until the wolves gorge on your carcass and bath in your blood""No, the time for all this blood shed is over." Morgana turned and faced him. "I blame myself for what you've become...but this has to end.""I am a High Priestess. No mortal blade can kill me."Morgana said Merlin stabbed her and she starts to feel the effect of the blade. Arthur looks at them"This is no mortal blade."Merlin told her "Like yours, it was forged in a dragon's breath." Merlin holds Morgana as she dies. He lowers her to the ground and withdrawed the sword."Goodbye, Morgana." She takes her final breath Morgana's finally dead" You've brought peace at last."Arthur said Merlin got him up Arthur dragged the Excalibur with him" Arthur." "Come on. We have to make it to the lake."Merlin said Arthur dropped he landed on top of Merlin"Merlin...not without the horses. We can't, it's too late. It's too late.""No. It's not too late"Merlin said"With all your magic, Merlin, and you can't save my life""I can. I'm not going to lose you."Merlin said trying to get Arthur up"Just, just hold me. Please"Merlin stopped trying "There's something I want to say..""You're going to say goodbye."Merlin said in a very depressed voice"No, Merlin...Everything you've done."He paused "I know now. For me, for Camelot. For the kingdom you helped me build...""You'd have done it without me"he told him"Maybe. I want to say...something I've never said to you before..."Arthur turns his head more and looks at Merlin. "Thank you."he said touching Merlin's hand it falls"Arthur...No! Arthur!"Merlin yelled he checked the king's pulse "Arthur! Arthur. Come on buddy"he said as he tried to move him but as scrawny as he is he cant "Arthur!"He yells again"O drakon! E male so ftengometta tesd'hup'anankes!""Kilgharrah. I would not of summoned you, if there was any other choice. I have one last favor to ask."He told him amazingly Kilgharrah takes them to the lake. Merlin dragging Arthur toward a small boat."There is nothing you can do Merlin"He said"I've failed."Merlin said his voice now hoarse"No, young warlock, for all that you have dreamt of building, has come to pass.""I can't lose him! He's my friend!"Merlin yelled"Though no man, no matter how great can know his destiny"The dragon said "some lives have been foretold, Merlin...Arthur is not just a King-he is the Once and Future King. Take heart, for when Albion's need is greatest, Arthur will rise again. It has been a privilege to have known you, young warlock-the story we have been a part of will live long in the minds of men. "Merlin watched him as Kilgharrah flew off. He then lowers Arthur to the ground Merlin stared out over the lake, holding Excalibur. He looks down at the sword, and then raises it up in front of him looking at it he sighed Merlin then throws Excalibur into the lake and it is caught by Freya's hand and drawn back under the water while he watches is laid in a boat, his cloak arranged and his hands folded over his chest. Merlin places a hand on Arthur's forehead. Merlin breaks down he cried."Arthur. In sibbe gerest." Merlin said Arthur's gone but he'll come againooo0ooo0ooo0"Harry! Harry!"Hermione yelled Harry swung his head around looking for Hermione damn station how can he see here?"Hermione where are you? I can't see you!"He exclaimed he felt someone behind him he immedietely looked behind"Ron! Hermione! Where have you two been?"Harry asked them he looked at the magical watch he bought at diagon alley a few days ago it was nearly 11:00 he felt preassure at his back; Snuffles"Dog Down!"Moody commanded Snuffles seemed to glare at the ex-auror but said nothing else notherless"Come on you lot!"Moody barked "get in the train NOW!"all of the sudden while they were walking at to the train he felt preassure at his mind causing him to turn around of all the sudden and looked to see any sign of Voldemort which was stupid..."Harry are you alright?"Giny asked concerned Harry nodded to affirm her it was nothing, nothing for sure...How wrong he was he didn't know that he was up to an adventure of his whole life timeHi! So this is my first story that I will NOT abandon... I think... Oh! and Reviews make me more interested on making stories! so Please Review!
