A/N: This chapter is very short. Almost a prolouge. The next chapter will be up in a day or two, just need to finish cleaning it up. Also unbeated and un Britpicked. Please let me know if you see anything glaring.Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and I am not profiting in anyway from the writing of this except as an escape from real life stressors.Kingsley Shacklebolt was prone to introspection when he was idle, and as the summer began the anniversary of events he would rather not remember rose to meet him making him even more prone to it. He rode to block it all out. He tried to convince himself that he wasn't forgetting. He could deal with the memories most of the year, but summer was the time of should-have-been's.Should have been seeing his father's pleased smile at his Hogwarts letter. Should have been watching his nephew chase fireflies on chubby legs. Should have been planning a wedding.But he wasn't. Instead he was on an almost mandated vacation to 'Take some time for himself because he was working to hard.' If he didn't love his best friend so much he would hate her. So here he was, just his bike and the road and the open air. And hoping that this year and the years to come fate would be kinder to him."Boy Let's go now!"Kingsley Shacklebot's dark fingers curled briefly around the handles of his motorbike as at the man's tone. It had taken many years and three hard years under the training of Alastor Moody, but his temper was finally in check. Still, he hated adults who talked like that to children. As he shut off his bike and removed his helmet he glanced at the large beefy man and the two boys beside him. It was easy to tell that one was his son. All he could see of the other was ill fitting clothes, a scrawny frame and a lot of messy black hair.The internal debate raged within him for a moment. He was far from home and off duty, on a well deserved holiday, just him, his bike, and the wind in his face. He could walk away and it wouldn't be his problem. But his feet were already carrying him in the direction of the large man and the inside of the motorway service station. He had contacts in the Muggle world to handle such things if it came to that, but it was probably nothing. He bought a paper and watched from behind it as the man bought food and secured the table and pointed hurriedly to the loo scowling. The large boy settled himself with the tray of food and the smaller one hurried in the direction of the pointed finger. After a moment, Kingsley folded the paper and tucked it under his arm, following the boy There was nothing he could do if he didn't see bruises. He would just have to accept that.He stopped at the sink set his paper in the edge and began to wash his hands. Moments later the boy was at the sink next to him and Kingsley was using all of his training to control the expression on his face. For there staring back at him were the unmistakable eyes of Lily Evans. He resisted the urge to flick his eyes upwards knowing that the mop of hair would be covering the scar. It was something of a relief, for it would make him difficult to recognize except those who had known either of his parents well.Kingsley brought himself back from his musing and did another once over of the boy. There were no outward bruises, but this required more information. Luckily information gathering in the Muggle world was part of his specialty and the son of two of the people he had most respected was worthy of taking up what was left of his holiday.He took extra care with his hands as Harry scurried back to the others. Then he got an over proced cup of tea and sat behind them reading his paper and watching the scene unfold. He didn't like what he saw. The big boy was obviously on his way through a second tray of food and Harry sat quietly through it all staring at his hands and obviously trying not to fidget."All done Dudley?" The man asked with a smile. "You won't go hungry on the last leg of the trip will you?"The boy in question let out a burp, "I think I might need a bag of Smarties.""Of course," the man chuckled fondly. "Come on boy," his voice turned harsh, "we'd better not have to stop because of you again. Understand?" Harry nodded mutely, looking at his beat up trainers and Kingsley's anger was enough to power the wandless tracking spell that he hit the three with. He was mildly surprised. He was aiming for just Harry, and usually he would have needed his wand but... He just shook his head. He was too old to let his emotions get the best of him. Moody would be beside himself. He watched them leave and mentally shrugged, it was over now, nothing he could do but learn from it. Fifteen minutes later he had finished his paper tossed it in the bin and headed back out to his bike. He followed signs to a nearby bed and breakfast, thankful that as an Auror- even an off duty one he was allowed to use spells with discretion in a Muggle area. He had a week left of his holiday and he figured his long ago promise to James to protect Lily now applied to their son.
