(A/N: First Fanfic!)Disclaimer: Sadly, I do not own Harry Potter or any of J.K. Rowling's fabulous characters and story line. But I do own my OCs.I didn't plan for her life to be similar to Harry's, I feel so unoriginal now):Today was another boring day like every other. Well, that's what I thought. We had chosen my room as the hangout spot today because, unlike my friends, I didn't have a roommate. She had been recently adopted; it was like Christmas morning for me when I found out, but I was definitely jealous of her, the family that adopted her were lovely. I, however, was still stuck there.As usual we all sat in my dark and dingy room. It had a window which served no purpose other than making me depressed. No morning sunlight streamed in and I got to stare at the building next door's wall. Oh and it didn't open, which was another plus, so I was stuck breathing in the musty air.My room was scarcely furnished. It held two twin beds whose mattresses' were mostly liked filled with a thing layer of straw, a dilapidated desk, a squeaky old chair on wheels that complimented it, and lastly a trunk at the foot of my bed on the left. Then again I probably shouldn't complain, I have it better than others, I live in a horrible Home, and I'm not really allowed out of my room, except for meals, but luckily I've got my two friends and a whole lot of mischief up my sleeve.I didn't really notice till now, but my life is kind of a lot like Harry's. Minus the Dark Lord trying to kill me.Ridley lay lounging on the extra bed across from mine, examining her long bright red nails, Drake sat in my desk chair spinning wildly around and around like a child, and I sat on my bed reading Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows for probably the hundredth time.Drake suddenly swung to a stop. "Will you ever put those stupid books down?""Uh, oh," Ridley mumbled as she noticed my look of utter aggravation."I don't criticize your stupid obsession with classic movies, so back off, we all have our own interests."Ridley smacked her lips together. "Get a room you two." We stared at her. "It was a joke people. You two have been inside too long. This place is starting to get to you.""We've all been inside too long," Drake retorted.We sat there in a miserable silence, wishing we weren't stuck there.We were there for about an hour, doing the same thing that we did everyday before that, before seven year old Charles barged into my room. We all looked at him expectantly."I want to play a game, but no one else will!" He complained, completely annoyed. I laughed and Ridley rolled her eyes at him, but surprisingly Drake got up."Alright, fine, we'll play," he announced tossing us a glance over his shoulder that clearly said, "We weren't doing anything better.""But you count first," I added. Charles frowned, but nodded enthusiastically nonetheless and went and took a seat on my bed. You could hear the box springs squeak as he sat.Ridley, Drake, and I took off sprinting down the hall, while he began counting. I led them to the kitchens, but as I neared I could make out the voice of Ms. Scott, the head caretaker of the orphanage, in a room down the hall. I froze in mid-run resulting in Ridley and Drake crashing into me. I tumbled forward from the momentum and landed flat on my face with an 'oof' and they both landed beside me. I muttered a few unladylike words and Drake groaned. Ridley just laughed.I heard her conversation stop and the click, clack of heels coming towards us. Quickly I jumped up, pulling Ridley and Drake with me, and shoved them towards the room next to us. I opened the door, pushed them through, and quietly closed the door behind me. They shot me dirty glares and I whispered, "Ms. Scott."They paled slightly, but there was no time to panic, I could hear her heels clacking on the wood as she made her way down the hall, towards us. I was beginning to be thankful that the walls were so thin. I could her tutting under her breath as she approached. I glanced around the room and noticed it was all but empty except for a large and very grand wardrobe in the corner. I silently ushered them inside, now fearing for my life. Ms. Scott was wicked troll, well she wasn't really a troll, but anyways, I definitely didn't want us to get caught being out of our rooms by her and I guess Ridley and Drake didn't either, who knows what she'd do to us. So we all crammed ourselves inside the oddly spacious closet. Just as we closed it we heard the room door open. I braced myself for our next punishment as her footsteps neared the wardrobe, but still I pushed Ridley and Drake back as far as they could go. A hanger fell and we heard her pace quicken. As we scooted towards the back my arm hit a door knob. Curious, I turned it and it opened out. Without thinking I shoved Ridley and Drake through, barely closing the door behind me in time. They had once again fallen on the floor and they groaned from the new set of bruises they had likely received. I didn't think to ask them if they were alright for I was already thinking about finding the next escape route.I looked up, searching for a way out, but instead gasped at what was in front of me. It was an exact replica of something I had only dreamed about. Dumbledore's Office. I stared dumbfounded as I checked everything in front of me with the book's descriptions: the pensieve and memory cabinet on one side, the moving pantings that decorated the walls, and the most obvious match, Fawkes, Dumbledore's phoenix. I rubbed my eyes, not believing what I was seeing, but the room didn't change.Ridley's and Drake's head snapped up after hearing my astonishment and their mouths dropped open, making them look like dumb idiots, which was probably how I looked. Ridley, having only read the books once, had not yet made the connection and Drake who had never read the books just stared at the moving pictures and odd trinkets with amazement. They both couldn't take their eyes off of Fawkes, but I couldn't help but stare at their faces which no longer looked like their sixteen year old selves. I looked around for a mirror, but before I could find one I heard someone approach from behind me. Ridley and Drake's eyes widened and I gulped as I prepared to face Ms. Scott. I swallowed my increasing dread and slowly turned around. My eyes probably popped out of their sockets.Hope you liked it! Sorry it's so short.None of the rest of the book will have anything similar to Narnia and it won't be so, what's the word? Weird. I'll have the next chapters up in no time! Read and Review!
