1998Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryHermione's POVI am in between Harry and Ron as we walked inside the castle. We came from the Shrieking Shack where we witnessed how cold blooded Voldemort can be. Arctic cold.Parts of the castle have collapsed because of the attack of the Dark side. We know that they were coming but expecting the result was not what we did, we hoped to win. I still hope.As I hear the door creak open, my heartbeat started to rise, fast enough to fill my ears just with its thumping. I stepped inside when Ron fully opened the door and I see blood."Hurry and go!" Said Professor Snape, as faintly as it can be. I stare at him, still shaken about the things that happened a minute ago. His pale skin was getting paler due to loss of blood. But I could still see the tear tracks on his cheeks. Not one moment that I think he would cry. Not one moment that I think he would be so helpless."Hermione!" Ron called out. "We have to go."I opened my purse and push my hand deeper. "Hermione." This time it was Harry. He held with his right hand the vial which contains Snape's tears. And his eyes held what I feel. I could only stare back at him until my fingers reached what I was looking for. "Mr. Weasley."It was Professor Mcgonagall but she was not what was stored in my memory, just like everything around me now, including myself.Ron leaned on his left foot and grumbled an acknowledgement."I'm sorry to be the one to tell you that your-""Fred!""George! Stop! No wait!""Step away, Ginny!"""I know who owns those voices. But instead of looking at the commotion, I kept my gaze glued to Ron, who left Professor Mcgonagall and push forward the crowd that has formed around the commotion. I can't move my feet because I somehow knew what happened. I was too afraid to confirm my theory but Harry held my wrist and dragged me with him following Ron.I stopped on my tracks, even with Harry still holding onto my wrist because he, too, stopped, when I saw Fred's body covered with a cloth, lifeless."Hermione, what are you still doing?" Ron asked and went back to sit with Harry and I in front of a dying Snape. "Ms. Granger, you are wasting-""Stop wasting your strength, okay? Or else this will be in vain." I should be the one to say those words but Harry beat me to it. I bit my inner cheek to keep me from cracking a smile; he really knows what I do.My eyes stung and I felt something in my stomach burn. Cold sweat formed at my forehead; a lump forming on my throat. Harry stood still and didn't say a word but with his hand linked to my wrist, I could feel his body tremble, or was it me?"Harry? Hermione?" Very faint, but I heard Ginny said, her steps slow and restrained. Behind her, I could see Ron beside George. I tried to focus my gaze on him but my eyes blurred with tears. The strange feeling on my stomach was back. Before I could touch my stomach, my mouth opens and the floor caught all of the contents from my stomach and my unconscious body.When I open my eyes, white ceiling is what I saw. I lift my upper body using my elbow and look around. I was in the Hospital wing, deserted. A chair beside my bed held a school robe and the table beside has a piece of paper on top.I shrug off the white bed sheet and noticed that I was wearing a Hogwarts uniform, only the top was fitting and the skirt is short, almost reaching above my knee. I got out of the bed and snatched the robe from the chair and put it on, hoping it could help with my wardrobe.I reached for the paper and read it.I'm sorry that I didn't notice that you were sick, Hermione. Ron is with his family. I don't know where Ginny is. Rest until you're feeling better.HarryI should probably go to Ron."Ms. Granger."I turned and saw Professor Mcgonagall. "Are you feeling better?""Yes, I think so."After that, an uncomfortable silence filled the room. She sat down on the chair and folded her hands on top of the table. I stood still, not knowing what to do."You know Ms. Granger, we were never meant to survive this battle." She said and looked straight on the wall against the table. When her gaze rest upon me, that was the time her words register on my head.My mouth went dry. "What do you mean we, professor? Harry is still here. I trust him. We can't stop now.""Professor Dumbledore, you see, was never certain if Mr. Potter could defeat Voldemort."I felt betrayed when she pried her eyes away from mine. Tears cascaded on my cheeks; my lungs burning. I felt nauseous again, I can't believe that I was hearing this, but I continued. "But Harry looked up to him.""Harry trusted Professor Dumbledore." I said and sat on the bed. It sounded like an accusation than a statement. From what I know and from how Aberforth Dumbledore acts, I feel something is amiss."The day before Dumbledore died, he told me a way out of this." Said Professor Mcgonagall. Rather than being delighted about it, her expression was grim, like mine. "As I told you, Ms. Granger, we were never meant to survive this battle.""Sorry professor, but I'm confused.""So what we must do was to prevent the battle from starting.""I couldn't understand professor." I said. It was frustrating not to understand something. "How exactly are we gonna prevent it from starting?""Hermione, I couldn't find Harry!" Ron shouted outside the room.When I caught sight of his skinny form, I heard nothing of what he said. He looks nothing like Ron. I haven't even console him for his brother's death. He hasn't consoled me either because he knows that my parents were safe. Metaphorically, they are, because they're in heaven now.I looked back at Professor Mcgonagall who gave me a small nod. Ron and I run as fast as we could and saw Harry at the grand staircase."Where have you been?" I asked."We thought you went to the Forest." Ron added. Harry just walked pass by us."I'm going there now." Harry exclaimed."Are you mad? No! You can't give yourself up to him." Harry stopped after what Ron said."What is it, Harry? What is it that you know?" I asked not really wanting to know."There's a reason I can hear them. The Horcruxes. I think I've known for a while. And I think you have too." Harry explained.I know what he was talking about. And if he does what he think he'll do I started to cry. I can't let him die. I walked towards Harry. "I'll go with you.""No. Kill the snake. Kill the snake, and then it's just him." Harry insisted.I hugged Harry and said, "No Harry, there is another way. Professor Mcgonagall told me that Dumbledore thought of another way out of this."When I said Professor Dumbledore's name, I feel my lungs burning again. I let go of Harry. He stared at me with his eyes filled with confusion. Harry looks up to Dumbledore. I'd rather let nature tell him the truth than from me."That's right Potter." A familiar voice said. I could see Draco Malfoy coming towards us. "Mcgonagall wants to see you three at the headmaster's office.""How do you know about it Malfoy?" I asked. Malfoy? Why would he be here? And why is he aware of the plan? Isn't he one of Voldemort's pawn?"I was, Granger." Malfoy said.My eyes widen. He could read thoughts. I never thought he could so I don't keep my guard up around him.''As if they'll believe me.'' Malfoy told Professor Mcgonagall. They were in the headmaster's office."Show her this.'' Professor Mcgonagall said."What? Her? What do you mean?""Show Ms. Granger this memory.""Let's go." The real Malfoy said. Harry and Ron glared at him but I gestured for them to just follow him."I should be on my way now on the forbidden forest or else all of you will die." Harry said as we walked through the dark corridor."We wouldn't let you go in the first place." Ron said. "If one fights, we all fight."
