~Damian~"Seven years ago I stood before this school with the rest of my first year class. Confused and lost as to what the future at this school had in store for us. The Sorting hat sang to us a song of houses divided and the need for brothers and sisters to reunite. At the time it didn't mean much to me, as my only thoughts were on which house Xander and I would end up in. There was no question that Aria would be in Ravenclaw. So after a chat with that old hat on my potential to fit in in a couple houses, it spoke of a gambit. It wasn't clear to me when it proclaimed me Gryffindor what it meant. Still I was pleased to say the least as both my parents were in said house. Then Xander was called up and my world shattered as he was sent to the rival house.""My cousin, no, my brother, and I were divided. For several months I hated that hat. It's one thing to know one of your friends will not be within arm's reach, but to find you have lost both. That is when one becomes lost. That first year we learned what it was to be torn apart, to be outcast in our homes, and then we realized what we had to do. We made new friends and found ways to connect with family lost. Even if it meant breaking curfew weekly.""To say we got inventive would be an understatement. Between Filch and his cat and Mr. Potter, the night games we played could probably be used as Auror training. Since then we have grown and come together. We broke boundaries and wrote new rules. You know you've done something right when you convince Peeves to distract the staff while you and your friends repurpose an unused class room into an inter house common room. Peeves, I cannot thank you enough for those nights. May that tapestry never be the same.""So class of two thousand five, remember what it means to come together. Though our paths will take us our separate ways, we will always be the class that answered that brilliant old hat's call. Now I leave you to listen to these other badge bearing house members that want to say something equally motivating. I on the other hand am going to go take a nap." Trying not to smile while others clap, I take my seat beside Xander with the other class leads. As Aria stands to say her peace as head girl, we make eye contact. She rolls her eyes but the smile is there in the corner of her mouth."Not bad for improvising." Xander whispers"I'll have you know that I spent a fair bit of time on that speech. Last week." It's true enough a statement"Uh huh. So where did you leave the real speech?""In the Forest. On my desk. In a stack of papers and plans like everything else." Xander smirks at the answer he already knew. "So I got distracted. What else is new?" We chuckle together as I find my next distraction in the form of memories. Our first year was hard but it was second year when things started to get interesting..."Nuk nuk nuk." There are days that I really hate being a light sleeper "nuk nuk nuk." Eclipse raised his furry little head to the ticking noise someone was making with their tongue. I felt him stretch a bit before allowing himself to be picked up off the side of my head. "Sorry Eclipse but Damian needs to get up." The ferret simply yawned before crawling up the arm of my, would be, tormentor and settled on her shoulder."Aria, what are you doing here?" I mumbled as I tried to burry my head beneath the pillow. "Waking an insomniac should be illegal.""Xander, Leon, and Nikki are going to be here in an hour. You need to be ready or we'll be late getting to Diagon Ally." She responded as she sat on the edge of the bed."You do realize that means I could sleep for fifty minutes and we would still be there at a reasonable time." It wasn't a question really this was an old debate to say the least."Then what would I do for that time while I wait?" Ah, so that's what this is about... I slid over to the far side of the bed."Either join me or go play with Rose." I mumbled clinging desperately to the last shreds of sleep that were now attempting to vacate my body. "I frankly don't care as long as I get a little more sleep." If it had been almost anyone else I would have been surprised when she chose to accept my invitation. Eclipse found himself a comfy spot between us before curling into a ball."He's definitely yours." she cooed, stroking his head. I just sighed giving up sleep as a bad job."He only gets his attitude from me. His adorable looks come from you." I suppose I'm lucky all she did was try to push me off the other side of the bed, but she did let out a giggle. So there's that."So are you saying I'm adorable or that I look like a ferret?" I probably should have thought that out before I opened my mouth but sleep deprivation didn't give me the option."You're the metamorphemagus and I haven't looked at you yet today." I shrugged from under the pillow "So for all I know you do look like a ferre-Ohh!" A word to the wise, a pillow does little to stop a well-deserved punch to the head."Skrewt!" Aria growled as I pulled my head from under the pillow, dabbing at my lip to see it was split. Looking up at her I have to say, for an angry twelve year old girl, she did look kinda cute. She had red-blond hair in a pixie cut, her eyes blazed a hazel green, and her faint ever present freckles rested lightly across her nose. I could swear Eclipse was shaking his head at me."Sorry." I said just loud enough for her to hear me. She continued to glare at me for another second before she used her wand to fix my lip. "Thanks." Aria seemed to shrug off her anger quick enough and soon she smiled again."It's a good thing I've known you so long or I'd have hexed you.""So how do we explain you using magic to the Ministry?"Aria simply laughed in my face. "Your mum is still home. The Ministry only knows that the spell was cast in this flat. They have no idea who did the casting.""Did your dad tell you tha..?" Stifling a yawn I finally look up at my alarm-clock. "Ari." I give her a flat look"Yes but really anyone in the Ministry could tell you that. It's not like the Aurors arrest kids for little things." Looking up from the furry occupant of the bed hearing the tone of my voice "What?""You said Xan, Leon, and Nikki where going to be here in an hour." The look on her face let me know she understood where this was going and in no way was she sorry."So?""It's a quarter to six. They're not supposed to be here until eight.""Ok so I lied. I needed someone to talk to. Besides, your sister snores when she's excited about the next day." She did her best to sound annoyed with Rose even if it wasn't really true. What Rose did barely counted as snoring."You're not alone Ari. Your dad will be back from his assignment soon." I slid one arm under her neck and pulled her into an awkward hug. Hugs are tricky when you have a ferret between you. The hug may be awkward but the sympathy in it was felt. Aria probably spent half her childhood with my family while her dad was off doing whatever Aurors do. The war may have ended three years ago but it didn't change the fact that there are still bad wizards out there. Ari leaned into my shoulder and did her best to smile. "What did you want to talk about?"Aria sighed though a bit more contented. "Do you think this year will be better?""I think so. We're not ickle firsties anymore so the teasing should be easier." I had to fight another yawn and was surprised to see her do the same. "We'll find time to hang out as well. Maybe this year we'll even get Xander's friend Tobin to say more than two words to us.""Hey, don't pick on the shy kid. Not everyone is as good at meeting people as you." Aria yawned again nestling into the pillow"Just because people like to be around me doesn't mean they really like me. Only a few are actually my friends." I sighed feeling sleep start to grip me again"Well I like you so you can live with it." She murmured. I gave half a chuckle in response before we fell back asleep."Damian, Aria sweet heart. It's time to get up." Mom gently shook us awake. I mumbled something about five more minutes but it seemed to go unnoticed. "I'm taking your brothers to your grandmum's. Aunt Madelyn should be here soon with her lot. Aria, make sure he's up and dressed before I get back. Rose and breakfast are at the table." She kissed us each on the head before heading out the door."I wish she wouldn't do that." I groaned after she left."Are you really going to gripe about having a mother that loves you in front of me." Aria raised an eyebrow making it perfectly clear that we all knew this was a bad idea. I countered with a look saying 'I'm not nearly that stupid'"No, the bit about me needing to be reminded to get up or dressed for the day." I retorted as I stretched and popped my neck before extracting my arm from under my friend's head "I managed just fine all of last year without incident and not just because Rory wakes up at the crack of dawn.""You did forget your sock that one day." She had that coy smile of hers"You know perfectly well that it was hexed and trying to bite me." I groaned and made a valiant effort to push her giggling form off the bed. "Get out of here, I'll be out in a minute." Aria rolled off landing on her feet with all the grace of one that spends most of their summers on a broom"Don't be too long Dae. Come on Eclipse, let's get some sausage." The ferret chirped happily at the thought of treats and scurried up to sit on her shoulder. It didn't take long after she left for me to arrive at the table. Rose was munching happily on her porridge while humming to herself. Aria was doing much the same minus the humming while feeding my ferret bits of bacon. Not a bad way to start the day. By the time mum returned with my cousins, aunt, and Xander's friend we were finishing the dishes."The Standard book of Spells (grade 2), Transfiguration Beyond the Basics by Emeric Switch, Defense Against vol.2 by Soleman Aegis, and Potions and Tonics for all Rhymes and Reasons by Arsenius Jigger." Xander read off the second year book list excitedly as we entered the Leaky Caldron. It was rather quiet at this early hour in the pub. Tom the old bar-man gave us a wave in greeting as he passed plates to the barmaid. Otherwise it was your average run of the mill day.Xander had stopped reading to scan the room for Tobin. His father would be leaving him in Aunt Madelyn's care for the remainder of the summer holidays. I was more interested in finding Rory, a fellow Gryffindor from our year. Xander darted across the room to a table where a bored, lonely looking, boy sat quietly while is farther discussed business with another man. Upon seeing Xander the boy's face lit up considerably. By the time he reached the table Tobin had managed to get his father's attention just long enough to be dismissed with an unconcerned wave of a hand. Not even taking the time to acknowledge his son's friend.Nikki's grimace towards Xander's house mate didn't go unnoticed by Aria or myself. We shared a quick look before Aria put an arm around the other girl's shoulder in an effort to brighten her mood. Unlike the rest of us Nikki was Muggle born and her parents would rather believe magic wasn't real. Seeing as the law states only a guardian or Hogwarts letter can introduce you to the magical world, she had a very confused childhood. When she got her letter Xander was ecstatic that he could finally tell his best friend the truth. However when you're submerged into a strange new world and your best friend starts hanging out with someone else, feelings get hurt. Suffice to say she was a little frosty with Pure blood Tobin."It's ok, Xander isn't abandoning you." Aria whispered to her friend."Did you feel that way when Damian started hanging out with Rory?" Nikki sniffed irritably"At first, but that's not how it was. They are in the same house so obviously they are going to see more of each other. Besides, Rory is just as green to the magical world as you are. It's hard to be mad when he is just a scared confused kid that Dae is watching out for." Aria smiled "Then he was so polite and timid asking for help reviewing his homework. I couldn't hate him after that. Tobin is like Xander. Neither one of them were accepted by their housemates and that brought them together. But you know that Xander will always be there for you if you need it.""We all will." I added as I wrapped an arm around her shoulders on top of Aria's and give her a big smile. Nicole gave us both a thankful look as we moved on with our day.The trip to Gringotts was mostly uneventful. Leon almost lost his breakfast and Nikki nearly her glasses. Rose wanted to ride the cart a second time which earned a rare smile form our Goblin guide. Soon enough we were back out in the bustle of Diagon Ally trying to decide where to go first. The Second years amongst our group wanted to start with Flourish and Boltts then hit up the Apothecary before tucking into Quality Quidditch Supplies and The Weasly Wizard Wheezes. However in the end our mother's logic and Deucalion's whining won out. So we started at the closest shop on their list and wandered into Olivander's so he could get his wand. Not that he would know how to do anything but make sparks for the next five weeks. Olivader himself was in a state of semi-retirement. Whatever happened to him during the war had not been kind. The last couple years he has been getting his son up to speed to take over for him."Ah time for another member of the Forst clan," the kind old man called from a desk off to the side where he had several diagrams and papers out "Deucalion I do believe." he smiled but made no attempt to get up, instead the younger Olivander greeted us"So young man." he smiled as a pair of measuring tapes went to work sizing up my cousin "Which is your wand hand." Leon raised his right arm and started to speak when one of the tapes decided to measure his tongue. "Good, good, good." he responded as though Leon had never meant to say anything, much to the boy's frustration. "So will you be like Alexander here? Elm, Dragon heart string, fourteen and a half inches. Calculating and strong with a personality to match?" The tapes seemed to be trying to figure out the space between the corners of my cousin's mouth."Perhaps more like his mother. Poplar, unicorn hair, eleven and a quarter inches, firm. Honest and integral, a no nonsense wand for one that makes their own way." the elder Olivander chimed in while motioning for the rest of us to join him at the desk as he conjured up some tea. "Tessa Cornocte, Pear, phoenix feather, eleven and three quarters inches. Forgiving, the wand well suited to advanced charms work." Mum accepted the cuppa offered to her as he went on. "Then we have young Damian. Pine, Phoenix Feather like your muther, eleven and a half inches, springy. Straight grained and true to your convictions. You would do well in testing new things. Aria Reswick, Willow, Unicorn hair, eleven inches, supple. Healing may well come natural to you. Then we have Nicolette Aldridge. Hazel, Unicorn hair, ten and three quarters inches pliable. A powerful and emotionally sensitive wood balanced with the steady calm loyalty of its core. Your friends should count themselves lucky to never see the business end of your wand. Finally we have Tobin Vicker. Chestnut, unicorn hair, twelve and a quarter inches. You may well find happiness in nature whether with plants or beast."Deucalion and young Mr. Olivander had stopped playing with the measuring tapes and had started the proses of wand waving. As more and more wands piled up so did Leon's anxiety though Olivander seemed to be thrilled. The elder wand maker explained how his son was doing more than just messing with my cousin. He was studying him, listening closely to the boy and basing the wands to pick on his temperament and personality."Dogwood, dragon heart string, nine and a half inches, unmoving. If I'm right, this should favor you quite well." The young craftsman sounded confident as he returned from the back end of the shop. "Give her a try." Deucalion took the wand and waved it a little harder than necessary. A loud bang, like a cannon, tore through the shop as bright lights blazed like clouds of fire in the air. Eclipse dove down my shirt collar to escape the calliope that startled his happy nibbling of my biscuit. Leon cheered with joy spraying harmless sparks from the tip of the wand."A seeker to be heard." The elder craftsman smiled "Strong in convictions, his time at school shall not be forgotten."Leaving Olivander's we stepped out into a surprisingly busier Diagon Ally. Leon reluctantly agreed to stow his wand in his school bag for safe keeping. Stepping into the Apothecary each of us pulled out our list of items to restock our potions kits. Unlike the wand shop this store was a fair bit busier. Aria tried not to giggle as I made sure to have a little extra of the more common ingredients."Shove off. Not all of us are like you and Xander. For some of us it takes more than the first try to get it right." Nikki made a noise of agreement as she followed suit and gathered a couple extra things."No one is like Xander." Tobin muttered as we all glanced over at the boy in question. Xander's list was almost three times as long as ours "Who else takes extra potions for the fun of it." The four of us shared a bewildered shrug before we continued to gather our supplies.Rose seemed to be reaching the end of her allotted patience for the day and had taken to wandering the shop looking for the most interesting materials she could find. Between helping us find our supplies and keeping my little sister out of a barrel of live scarabs, Mum was fairly busy. Aunt Madelyn had the majority of her attention directed at the younger of her sons, gathering most of his things for him. Xander had managed to gain the assistance of one of the employees who was looking down his list with an air of surprise. Apparently Professor Malfoy had added some more exotic things to his list.It wasn't until we had reached the sales counter that my aunt took notice of the difference between Xander's and the rest of our purchases. When she inquired as to why he should need so much more, he simply sighed and reminded his mother of the extra lessons he had been taking. The rest of us gave him a sympathetic look. Xander had written home about two months into last term to tell everyone that his head of house was going to start giving him some more advanced potions lessons. He had left out that the reason behind the lessons was because the Professor had noted that Xander was having a hard time without any friends in his house. He and Tobin had not become friends until closer to the winter holidays. Professor Malfoy had suggested the extra lessons as a way to make Xander feel better. As a result my cousin was now about a year ahead of the rest of the class. Grandmum also made a point of sending letters to us regularly to tell us of happenings outside school and ask how we were doing. Coupled with our aunt Wynnfrith teaching Transfiguration, there was little that we did that the family didn't know about.Aunt Madelyn looked a little embarrassed at having again forgotten the happenings of her elder son's life. Xander just pretended that it didn't matter having grown accustomed to such occurrences, but his true feelings are held tightly under a mask of his own making. It wasn't until last year that he was able to hide his emotions as well as he does now. There are times where even I can't decipher what is storming under the surface. No matter how hard he tries to prove himself he never gets his mother's attention. Even though it continues to bother him, he does his best not to let it guide how he handles himself anymore.A short while later all our supplies had been paid for and placed into our magically enlarged school bags. Mum had made a point of putting undetectable enlargement charms on all our bags after vowing to never again attempt to navigate Diagon Ally with five children and all their school supplies.Aunt Madelyn and Leon broke off for Madam Malkin's as he was the only one in need of school robes. The rest of us would just visit Grandmum in turn and have ours refitted before term started. As they departed, the rest of our group moves on to Magical Melodies so Aria could retrieve her violin. One of the tuning screws had been refusing to hold tight as of late and no amount of "repairo" would keep it in place. While we waited I took a few minutes to determine if I really wanted to spend my pocket money on a three chambered ocarina carved from a dragon's horn. The purchase would set me back half a year's allowance, but it would be a splendid addition to my collection, seeing as I did not yet have a three chamber. Mum reminded me that we still had other stores to visit and I could always add it to my Christmas list. Xander rolled his eyes at me as he inspected a collapsable organ.After a brief window shopping at Quality Quidditch Supplies, in which Tobin and Nikki probably learned more about our preferred brooms than they ever wanted, we caught up with the others at the Weasley Wizard Wheezes. Leon sporting a tawny owl and an exceptional amount of enthusiasm.Being a Sentiomagus walking into the joke shop was like walking into the heart of a fireworks display at its climax. I glanced over at Rose knowing full well that the two of us would only last twenty minutes on our best day before it all became too much. My little sister didn't possess quite the sensitivity that I did but she wasn't as practiced in shutting it out either. Though it seemed that the joy of the shop outweighed the on-slot to our extra sense. After the normal agreements to behave our group divided to search out new and interesting things. Rose dragged mum off to look at the Pigmy Puffs and Wonder Witch lines. Aunt Madelyn and Leon disappeared in the direction of the fake wands and other such pranks. The rest of us went in search of past favorites and new endeavors. While Tobin and Nicky browsed the shelves, Xander gathered the items that I couldn't purchase under my mother's watchful eye and a few other things of his own. Meanwhile Aria was examining the new additions to the "Self Help" first aid section as I looked into the fireworks and other such things to keep mum from noticing what the others were going to buy."Don't even think about it." Verity whispered as I was examined a jar of Peruvian Instant Darkness powder. "Filtch Blacklisted that three years ago. Try the Flipping Fog instead, makes the whole room seem sideways until it clears." The blond witch winked as she continued on her way with a large stack of merchandise for the shelves. "Drop that Shiver worm down her back and your mum pays for everything you two break!"Keeping with our prearranged plan,I am able to look around, both being a scout and distraction. However it isn't long before the patterns of the magic given off of the shop's merchandise become too much and my head begins to pound. Aria notices that I am moving slower, taking longer pauses with my eyes closed, and comes over. "Is it getting a bit too loud in here for you?" she would pick up on my discomfort, she doesn't play Seeker for nothing."Be fine for a little while longer." I start to look around for Xander so that I can casually mention a few more new items I would like to acquire. I spot him making his way towards us, his eyes tell me that he knows I'm running out of time."Got your magic goggles on again?" Xander ask jokingly before becoming more serious. "I think it's starting to get to Rose too." He jerks his head toward where she and mum are looking over some Pygmy Puff accessories. Rose is rubbing the bridge of her nose and her face is a bit pale.I let out a sigh, "Yeah, it's starting to get to be a bit much.""So what else do you need me to pick up?""I'm gonna go with Verity's recommendation on the Flipping Fog." I reply as I pass him a list that I have constructed. Xander's basket looks a bit full, but I suppose he did have quite a few problems last year, and he could probably use all the help he can get from the Weasley's vast selection. "I'm gonna grab Rose and head outside. We'll see you at the spot." Xander nods and moves off to gather the last few items so he can make his purchases. Aria gives me a questioning look as if to ask if she should accompany or if I will be fine on my own. "I'll be fine. Take your time, shop around. Rose and I will be good in a few.""Okay. Just, don't get lost on your way."With a roll of my eyes, "I'm pretty sure I can find my way to the door." But I give her an appreciative smile. "Besides, how many parents would kill for kids who couldn't stay in a shop like this for long?" She gives a soft laugh and turns to go back to browsing. By now Mum had noticed that Rose is taking it harshly and is relieved when she sees me approach. "Hey Rosie, ready to get some air?" She just gives a simple nod and Mum follows us out of the store and back into the crowed street.As we make our way to Fortescue's my head starts to clear a bit. Last year when we came to Diagon Alley to get our things for our first year, I wasn't able to stand in the shop for more than five minutes, much to my own displeasure. This year I was a bit more prepared for it, but it didn't lessen the effect the store had on me. So with that in mind we set up the popular ice cream parlor as a meeting spot. This also offered us a small break in our shopping before braving Flourish and Blotts.It wasn't take more than fifteen minutes before the others rendezvous with us and have gotten their own frozen concoctions. After every one has eaten we make our way to our last destination before heading home. The store is bustling as always, and it doesn't take long before Mum and Aunt Madelyn are helping us to gather the books on our school lists. Xander takes a few minutes while they are helping us to slip away to get a few books that we want to purchase that our mothers wouldn't quite approve of. Aunt Maddie doesn't notice that her eldest has disappeared into the crowd, but it doesn't take long before Mum does. She keeps a watchful eye on him, but says nothing of his wandering. Even when he starts to pick up a few questionable books she seems to turn a blind eye.We all know that for a long time after Xander's father's death he became a bit closed off and spent much of his time reading. Last year only went to reinforce said behavior. He tried to not let on how hard it was for him, and made sure that Aria, Nicole, and I made friends in our own houses. Even going as far as to push us away to do it. Books became an escape for him, so it really was no surprise that he would buy several that aren't on our course lists. This also gave us a way to obtain a few that kids our age shouldn't necessarily possess. We were still gathering our own books when he made his way over to the counter. The clerk checking customers out gives him a wary look, but Xander proved a master of masks and pulls out a faade of innocence that belies his true intentions for said books.After his purchases made and put in his bag, he meandered his way back to us stopping every so often to look at a book that stands out to him on the shelf. To anyone else this might look like a diversion tactic to avoid coming back, but I see it for its true meaning. He is a true book enthusiast and simply looking to add to his own personal library. Though he also wished to be caught showing interest in a few.Mum gave him an inquiring look, noticing his lack of books in hand for the number that he bought. "Did you find anything of interest?""Oh, yes. I think I might have to get a few more. There was one back there on Lycanthropy and how those afflicted have had a major impact on our society today." We both knew that Mum could see through the artificial guise, but Xander's mum will remain blissfully unaware. Sometimes I'm jealous of what my mother will allow Xander to get away with. There are times where she and my Aunt Addy would help him through his various ways of relieving the melancholy of his day to day life. As he goes unnoticed most of the time, it allows for a certain freedom that the rest of us are unable to obtain.After we gather up the last remaining items on our list, and Xander and Aria have a few more for their own enjoyment, find a place in line to make our purchases. There were quite a few books that Mum outright said no to in my own stack. Once they were put away we left the shop and returned to the Leakey Cauldron to floo to Gran's. Aunt Maddie and Mum took turns Apparating to take our things to our respective houses, as to not lose anything in the flew network, then ushered us through the fireplace.
