Song Inspiration: "The Real Life" by Three Doors Down. The title of this story is actually a line from the song. As you know, I do not own anything, but I would like to thank J.K. Rowling for creating this amazing world and these characters! This following story will be a HG/CW story. I've read a lot of this pairing and love their dynamic.So, here it goes, hope you like it! UNTIL I FIND A BETTER PART OF MEPrologueThey wanted different things. Hermione supposed they always had, but she had foolishly hoped that somehow it would all pan out accordingly. It wasn't that she didn't want to have children. Although, if she never had any, she wouldn't be opposed to that idea either. She sighed, shaking her head at the confusing thoughts circling her mind. One night, they had a particularly bad argument about the future. The outcome was Ron leaving to hit up the pubs to drink away his frustrations and anger. She remembered just staring after him in shocked dismay. She sat in the kitchen staring at the last spot she had seen Ron before he disappeared. Tears shortly came and soon she was sobbing pathetically on the kitchen table.It was strange how everything had happened after that. She had forgotten Molly was still at the Burrow. When she saw her, she immediately apologized for the shouting. Molly gave her soothing hug, letting her cry all over her. They sat down to have a heart-to-heart over her relationship with Ron."I love you like a daughter, Hermione," Molly said, with a sigh. She placed a cup of tea in front of her. "But I can see this is tearing you apart. I see very much of my Bill and my Charlie in you. You have that wandering soul that craves the freedom to live according to your heart. Perhaps, that is the problem, you are more suitable match for the likes of Bill and Charlie than Ron."Hermione frowned as she took a sip of her tea. "I don't quite understand.""I think you do, dear. You were never meant to live a settled life. I've seen you two drift apart over this year. I had hoped that somehow you two would pull through after everything you two have been through. Sometimes, it is just wishful thinking.""Molly-""You're not happy, Hermione. When you pictured your life after the war, I'm certain this wasn't what you were fighting for," she interrupted softly, patting her hand. "You were meant to do great things  make discoveries, use that intelligent mind of yours, and to be challenged. As women, we are all called to make sacrifices certainly, but yours would be your soul. Don't give up who you truly to become something you'll regret."Hermione sucked in a sharp breath. The reality of the situation seemed to settle upon her. The illusion holding her relationship with Ron together shattered. Once again, she broke into tears, knowing that the wise woman she considered a second mother was right. She loved Ron, but not in the way that people would describe true love. She was more of practical than romantic. Fireworks and fiery passion were more for fairytales than real life. She relied on their friendship, steady foundation, and familiarity."He's going to hate me.""Maybe for a little while, but he will understand eventually," she told her, putting an arm around her. "I would've loved you as a daughter-in-law. I hoped for it and still do. I hope you know that you will always be a part of this family. You're always welcome here.""Thank you, Molly. I appreciate that."Hermione looked down as Molly took her hand and squeezed. She watched Molly get up then and begin to clean up the mess in the kitchen. Her gaze dropped down to tea. She stared at the liquid blankly. Now what? With one chapter in her life ending, she faced the unknown. The unknown was scary for her. She didn't like change. She didn't like it one bit, but it was inevitable. Her life would change and go in another direction. She only hoped she was actually making the right decision.When she looked into Ron's eyes the next day, she wondered yet again if she had made the right decision when his eyes turned ice cold. His eyes narrowed in contempt. He opened his mouth to respond, but he just shook his head as he got his feet. He got up and just left. Hermione sat there numbly in shocked silence. He didn't even fight for her. He just left. Was she not even worth fighting for?What she did next, she probably shouldn't have. She wanted an explanation. She wanted to know why he could just walk away without even fighting for her. How could he just walk away without asking why? His explosive response cut her down further than it had in First Year when she overheard them talking maliciously about her.
