Author's Note: Hello there everyone! This is a joint account and this is our first fanfic. We are huge Harry Potter fans and love FanFiction. Please review! We are trying to be as true to the book as we can. Here's chapter one! Enjoy! :)Disclaimer: We do not own anything except the plot and probably anything you don't recognise. This disclaimer covers the whole story.Chapter OneLily Evans emerged on Platform Nine and Three-Quarters and was immediately hit by the smell of smoke billowing from the Hogwarts Express. The overwhelming noise of the hundreds of students and their families milling around on the platform deafened her. She began pushing her way through the bustling crowd, but stopped abruptly as Mary McDonald hurtled into her trolley, shouting 'Lily!'."Watch where you're going Mary!" Lily cried as her tawny owl, Darwin, toppled over and clattered onto the ground."It's good to see you too!" said Mary smiling innocently and bending down to pick up the cage. "So, how was your summer?""Alright...Well, quite good actually..." A grin appeared on Lily's face."Lily...what happened?" Mary said slyly. Before Lily could answer, somebody called her name."Lily Evans! Just because you are Head Girl this year, doesn't mean you can leave without saying goodbye," Mr. Evans, a tall, but lean man, appeared behind his daughter with his wife."Head Girl? Lily! I'm so happy for you!" Mary squeezed Lily tightly, nearly knocking her over. Lily's eyes shone and she glanced down at the badge pinned proudly to the front of her jumper. Turning to her parents, she said;"Bye Mum! Bye Dad! I'll see you at Christmas, and... tell Tuney I'll see her then too... She wont be bringing her boyfriend, will she?" Lily grimaced."Lily! Vernon is perfectly nice man, just because he's a bit plump-" her mother began. Lily snorted."Plump! He's practically a WHALE! Look Mary! There's Marlene! Got to go, I'll miss you both!" Hugging her parents one last time, Lily rushed off with Mary to the other side of the platform to a fair haired girl who was waving enthusiastically"Marlene!" The two girls converged on Marlene McKinnon."Come on! Where have you two been? Alice's got us a compartment!" Marlene lead them onto the gleaming scarlet engine."Sorry girls, I have to go to the prefect carriage!" Lily apologised."But you still have fifteen minutes before we leave," Marlene said, checking her watch.Lily shrugged."Head Girl should be there to greet the new prefects, I suppose, anyway, I really have to go now! Say hello to Alice for me, will you?" She ran off so quickly, she didn't hear Marlene say;"Head Girl? Oh dear, she's in for a bit of a shock!"To Lily's surprise, there was already somebody in the prefect carriage. He turned around as she walked in."Potter?! What are you doing here?""Hello Evans! Oh, didn't you hear? I'm Head Boy!"Lily's jaw dropped.
