A Long Time to WaitChapter 1Lily's POVPoke. Poke. Poke.What the?Poke poke poke poke poke.I'm trying to sleep! What the hell is poking me?!I roll over with a moan, hoping it will stop.The insistent poking continues."FINE I'LL GET UP!""About time Lily! We're gonna have to miss breakfast!"I look up to see the source of the voice. The girl I see, her beautiful dark sea-blue eyes shining down at me. She has gorgeous black straight hair, not a strand out of place. It's collar-bone length. It's Hestia Jones, my best friend, my room-mate and my super-annoying alarm clock."WHAT! Damn it Hestia, I'm starving! Where's Marlene?""She's eating breakfast! Come on, get dressed! Your stuff's in the bathroom!"She shouted, but I was already through the bathroom door. Oh, I'm so gonna fail 6th year. Hestia is so beautiful. Tall, but not overly-tall, slender, but not a stick. And Marlene is boys' dream, like Hestia she is tall, a little higher than Hest though. She has bright light blue eyes which break hearts. Her hair is lower-back-long, light blonde and wavy.I look in the mirror. Damn. I look the same. Short, average. From my boobs to my body type. Instead of an hourglass figure, I get this. And my most distinctive features, my emerald green eyes, though bright and beautiful, not exactly unique. My dark red hair, flowing un-evenly to my mid-back, my fly- away hair pointing in different directions.I sigh. I have no time for make-up or a shower if I want to eat. Which I definitely do. I chuck my Gryffindor uniform on and race down stairs."Good luck today!" Cries the Fat Lady as I race away from the common room. What could she mean by that? Oh no. Oh no, no, no.I have to patrol with Potter. Today. Tonight."Honestly, what was Remus thinking?!" I mutter, walking into the great hall. Remus had, probably non-existent 'homework' to do. I think it's a set-up for Potter to talk to me."Thinking about what?" A voice said behind me. I turn to face them."Marly! Thanks to you I have to scoff my breakfast!""Sorry Lily, but I was soooooooooooooooooooooo hungry!""Whatever, you left me. Just know I hate you." I say mockingly."Hey! At least I waited for you! Anyway, I've got an early lesson." She glances over my shoulder."Oh, you can eat with Potter," She says, wiggling her eyebrows "later!" she says and runs off, before I can bite her head off. I turn around, and sure enough, sits at the Gryffindor table is the bane of my existence."Hello Evans." He says cockily, with his casual half-smile.I groan. The Great Hall is empty apart from us, and I know wherever I sit he'll sit with me. I could maybe leav- nope, my stomach vocally protested against that idea."Got a grumbler there, don't you Evans?" He chuckles."Yes.""Go out with me Ev-""I SWEAR YOU HAVE SAID NINE WORDS AND YOU HAVE ALREADY ASKED ME OUT! WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?! GET IT THROUGH YOUR THICK SKULL THAT WE WILL NEVER BE TOGETHER!"Potter looks stunned. I think he's having a mental battle with himself, so I leave. I'm absolutely starving, but I can stand it more than Potter. I'm almost at Potions when I hear "EVANS! WAIT!""What!" I shout, but not too loudly (I don't want to upset Slughorn).I see something white in his hands as he sprints down the Hall. What could it be? He gets to a talking distance."Evans just" Puff. "hear me" Puff. "out okay?""Geez Potter, take a deeeeeep breath" I say, amused. He does."Evans I'm sorry, but you have to understand why I constantly ask you out. Anyway, we're late for Potions, but I know you must be starving." He hands me a white napkin with a cheese grilled-sandwich. I smile at him (not a common occurrence) and in return he pulls a full-face smile. And not a Potter smirk kind."Uh, thanks Pot-"His whole face goes down. Oh, fine! "-James." Impossibly, his smile is even bigger when he is about to open the Potions door."Oh and Lily," He looks to see if I'm okay with him calling me by my first name. I cock an eyebrow. He gives a small smile and says "never is a long time to wait."'Never is a long time to wait'.Those seven words had been going through Lily's mind all day. What does it mean? That he's giving up? That he never will? That he wants to be fri-"MISS EVANS!" McGonagall shrilled out. My head snaps up."Can you please perform the spell?" Oh, no. I wasn't paying attention. I quickly scan the classroom for help. Hest and Marly give me a look of "good luck, we weren't paying attention either!" and my eyes land on the Marauders."Avis! Avis!" Remus mouths. Oh thank Merlin he pays attention."Certainly Professor. Avis!" Conjured birds burst from the tip of my wand and circle around me. They were beautiful."Well done Miss Evans, for performing the spell so well," she hesitates "it is lucky for you, however, that Mr Lupin pays attention!" Awwww. Damn, games up."Detention at 5 pm tomorrow! Class dismissed."We walk out of class and I can't help but chuckle at Potter's face, still in a trance of happiness. I walk past the talking Marauders to the Gryffindor tower.James' POV"Are you okay, Prongs? What's up?" Sirius asked James as he watched Lily's hair bounce up the stairs. He answered Sirius so simply, yet so full of meaning."She called me James."Author note! Hi! OMG I just made this be read on google translate. I don't think I have ever laughed so much. Especially at sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo hahahaR&R;! PLEASE! Chapter four almost finished BTW! Probs tmrw (24/11/13)-Seeker
