To let you all know what is here so you understand some things before you embark:This fic starts with Harry's summer after Voldemort's revival going somewhat differently than in the canon, with everything following it being affected as well. This fic follows OotP loosely as well, and is HBP and DH compliant for events that have happened in canon past, meaning before the books happened (or at least as well as I can). Though I'll admit I do tend to screw with things that I don't like. But seriously, who doesn't, this is fanfiction. Anyway, enjoy!Disclaimer: Harry Potter is owned by JK Rowling, not me. Just a fanfic here. Damn good one tho.XXXXX"You know, there are times I think about everything I've been through. How it's made me into who I am and what I believe in... and then there are times I wish I were a brick." -Harry Potter to Hermione Granger, on the Hogwarts Express back to London, June 1995.Chapter 1~"Dudley, you idiot!"Harry clutched his nose which was now dripping blood. Dudley lumbered off into the dark alleyway blindly, shoving Harry aside roughly into the cement walls as he attempted to escape the heavy darkness that had descended on them both due to the small lights in the area shorting out. As Harry tried to right himself he realized that his wand was gone. It must have been knocked from his hand as well. He wildly looked around for it but it was impossible in the darkness."Damn it all Dudley, you're running right at it!"Dementors. Why the hell are there Dementors here? In Little freakin' Whinging!"Light, I need light," he muttered, still fumbling around for his wand. "Where the hell is it! Lumos!" Desperation made him say the spell, though he knew it was stupid without his wand. A bright light a number of meters to his left illuminated a small pocket of the alleyway. If he hadn't been so frantic to get his wand back Harry might have wondered at his first intentional piece of wandless magic. He scrambled forwards only to watch as the light immediately vanished, the alleyway filled with the distinct sound of a body hitting the ground. Harry's hands met with the plump body of his cousin who was shivering on the ground, unable to move any longer. He must have run towards the light the moment he saw it and tripped. About to say something scathing, Harry's voice caught as his hand brushed a smooth piece of wood. He grasped it quickly and pulled it out from under his cousin, ready to defend them both- with a four inch piece of broken wand..."Shit."There was nothing for it. How Dudley had managed to break his wand just by falling on it he would never know, but that wasn't the most pressing matter at that very moment. They were surrounded. Harry could feel them drawing closer, the cold darkness pressing in on him like he was underwater, suffocating him. With the loss of his wand, his sudden burst of adrenaline was gone, and in its place was the awareness of his mother's desperate pleading, deciding to give herself instead of fighting in futility. Voldemort's cruel laughter as he ended her life. The back of his mind was dimly aware of himself trying, and failing, to cast a Patronus with a four inch stick. It was almost comical. Done in by his fat cousin. Someone was probably laughing about this... somewhere.The wand fragment slid from his limp fingers as the Dementor's cold hands found their way onto his body. One held his left shoulder while the other forced his head to tilt back. Harry was leaning limply against Dudley who had certainly lost consciousness. He vaguely wondered if the Dementors would be strong enough to turn the fat lump over to get at his mouth. Doubtful to be sure. Rattling cold breath drew his fading awareness back to his reaper. This was it. A few more seconds and his life would be over. Harry had heard before that in times of immanent death, people would see their life flash before their eyes.Suffice it to say, it wasn't much of a highlight reel.Xx~xXHarry awoke with a start, sweat covering his body. His scar was twinging painfully in the darkness, which strangely had an unnatural closeness to it. It took him a moment to realize that he was staring at the underside of his bed. He must have fallen out of it while thrashing around and wound up in this position. The mummy-like grip his sheets had on his body certainly attested to that fact at least. He did his best to extricate himself from the awkward position and sat up, leaning his back against the hard wooden frame of the small bed, taking slow breaths to calm the tenseness he was feeling. He rubbed his forehead as the scar gave another painful twinge. It always hurt these days. Ever since that day. A dull ache that had become as familiar and unwelcome as the sight of his damned relatives. His heart rate was calmer now and he let his head fall back onto the worn mattress in weariness.Another nightmare of the graveyard. That made every night this summer so far. He shivered slightly as a flash of Cedric's lifeless body drew across his mind, his eyes empty and staring, no sound, no movement. Well, it was certainly better than the times when his corpse actually spoke to him. Blaming him for his death. Blaming him for living when he did not. And that was only the start of it...At first it was all he could do not to clutch himself out of reflex from the horrible nightmares, shaking so badly his teeth would almost chatter. He had been dealing with bad dreams the same way his whole life. There was no one here to comfort him. In fact, the feeling of wanting someone there was almost laughable. He had stopped looking for that kind of a thing in this house a long time ago. He took care of himself. There was no other way to survive. Now Harry was fairly numb to the dreams, except for the times when Cedric spoke of course. Thankfully they were rare, twice or so a week. Regardless, he could still never get used to seeing Cedric die. Then again at the same time, he dreaded the thought of becoming used to death. He wished the dreams would just go away...They hadn't been close. If anything, Harry couldn't help but be jealous of the well loved boy as the entire school threw their support behind him without question; just as they had equally turned their backs on Harry, believing him a cheat. Still, Cedric was a good person. Harry really had nothing negative to say about him. Perhaps if Wormtail hadn't murdered him they could have become good friends.Harry glanced at the empty cage sitting on his desk. He wasn't even sure why he still had it. Hedwig barely spent much time there except to sleep and for that she could just as easily use something else to perch on. Well, it wasn't as if she had ever complained to him about it. Said snowy owl was off hunting like she usually did at night. The single window of the room was wide open, letting the mild night air flow through the small space he lived in. Knowing that he should at least try to get back to sleep he pushed himself back onto the bed and lay down. A grimace passed over his face as he tried to straighten out as best he could. Even as malnourished and under grown as he was, he had outgrown the child sized bed over a year ago. Of course, it wasn't like his relatives were about to spring for another one so he made due. There was no use complaining, it would only make his life immensely more difficult.After twenty minutes of restless movement he got up and dragged the mattress to the floor, taking up the majority of the floor space in the room, and plopped down on it. Why hadn't he thought of this ages ago? The ability to lay down without being curled up made him more relaxed than he had been all night, despite being on the floor. Well in the end what did it matter anyway. Weariness always won out in the end. Doing his best to think about anything but the graveyard Harry closed his eyes and drifted to sleep.x~x"Boy, what do you think you're doing?"Harry glanced over at Uncle Vernon to see narrowed eyes looking straight at him in suspicion."Listening to the news," Harry said flatly, his own gaze returning to the television. A newscaster was talking about an armed robbery that happened in a part of London."Listening to the news," repeated Vernon, his face scrunched up as if he smelled something foul. "Utter tosh. As if a freak like you would want to know anything about our news. You said that yesterday as well. I'd like to know what you're really up to..." Harry just let out a breath."Is me watching the news really that difficult for you to process?" he said before he was able to stop himself. Damn why did he have to go and say that. Of course, Vernon was across the room in a chair while he was leaning on the door frame. By the time the angry man stood up to beat some respect into him, Harry was already out the front door and into the blistering heat of the summer. Again, there was nothing for it. He would come back to the house later when his uncle's temper had calmed somewhat, though that would mean missing dinner. If he had stuck around it probably wouldn't have gone well, though at least it wasn't anything like it had been before he started Hogwarts. These days, Vernon always seemed to be on the edge of snapping when it came to Harry. The ever growing contrast between the resident wizard and his own son incensed him to no end, forget about all the stuff that seemed to happen every summer he came back. It was like asking for an uneventful life was impossible.It didn't take long before his feet took him to the local park. Dudley, or Big D as his pals were referring to him now, was thankfully nowhere to be seen for once. He and his gang had probably gotten into something a little less legal than normal, else they would be here, lording it over anyone and anything in the area and smoking. Harry took the opportunity to sit in a swing that Dudley's group hadn't broken yet and swing as high as he could, the wind whipping his disheveled hair around slightly. Even when he was moving enough that his body went vertical and did that small free fall before the swing became taut he didn't blink, trying to make the thing move faster. Compared to his broom it was woefully tame.This was the worst. The absolute bleeding worst. Voldemort was active now. He had finally regained a body. Considering the man's past, the lack of breaking news was unnerving to say the least. He had assumed that there would be killings and destruction almost at once but so far it was either being covered up from the Muggles really well or Voldemort was laying low. No odd disappearances either. It was equally frustrating because he didn't know exactly what to expect to begin with. He knew next to nothing about the first war other than that his parent's generation had been ravaged to an extent.Still, it made little difference in the end. One way or the other, no one was telling him a single thing as to what was going on. All he had were extremely vague letters from Ron and Hermione, who were clearly in the same place, about absolutely nothing. The only thing he knew was that they knew a lot more than he did. Seriously, who wrote "There's so much we want to tell you but can't because letters are too dangerous," in a letter anyway? He'd rather they didn't send him any post at all if it was just going to be blatantly stupid things like that. For that matter, everyone always knew more than he did about things. Voldemort just happened to be the most dangerous of that very long list. He knew very little about the wizarding world in general. People just either assumed that he knew things or didn't think it was worth the time to tell him. Or better yet, they could do what Dumbledore always did and just say that it wasn't time yet for him to know... whatever. If there ever was a man who got his jollies on keeping secrets it was that man. And then to top it all off he always felt like he was being watched whenever he went out, though he never saw anyone. It was unnerving to say the least.Harry hopped off the swing when the sunlight began to fade. He knew that it wasn't completely their fault. Ron, Hermione, Dumbledore, and whoever else would be in a position to give him information weren't doing so for specific reasons. He understood that. That still didn't mean he couldn't be pissed about the whole situation. If they really wanted to tell him something they could. And they most certainly weren't. With a resigned sigh he began making his way back to number four. With any luck he'd be able to get away the rest of the night without seeing Vernon. The whole summer was just one maddening affair. Honestly if he didn't do something soon he'd snap. And snapping generally sucked in the end.Xx~xX"Leaky Cauldron.""Right, that'll be fourteen sickles."Harry made his way to one of the benches around the middle of the knight bus. He had an old cap of Dudley's he nicked pulled low over his forehead to hide his scar. Considering it's size it was perfect."Wos your name again?" asked Stan, looking curiously at Harry as he passed."None of your business I reckon," said Harry gruffly, pulling the brim of the cap lower. He made his way to one of the seats further back, away from the irritatingly nosy Stan Shunpike. He couldn't help but remember how nervous he had been when he got on the bus two years ago after inflating his aunt. Why had he felt like he needed to give the guy a name last time? Chalking it up to a moment of childish idiocy, Harry looked at his reflection in the window as the bus blasted off at break neck speeds. His mouth was traced in a half scowl half grimace. When was the last time he smiled?If I had greasy hair I'd look like Snape. He always looks like something crawled up his ass and died. The thought made him smirk. Shaking his head slightly he tried to put himself in a better mood. He had been brooding over being left in the dark and stuck at the Dursley's when he remembered the suicidal magical contraption that was done up to resemble a bus. He was certain that this thing was more a tin can with seats and rockets, than a sensible mode of transportation. It hadn't taken him any more than ten minutes to get ready for a small adventure to Diagon Alley. He could stop at Gringotts and wander around some. Maybe even pick up some books from Flourish and Blotts. He enjoyed reading, even academic stuff, when it wasn't something that was forced down his throat. Without Hermione on his back about keeping up with some form of work and Ron being a complete downer about anything that uses brain power, reading was actually an interesting prospect. There was so much about the wizarding world he knew nothing about, and likely even more things he didn't even know existed.It took no time at all to reach Gringotts. He was through the Leakey Cauldron and into Diagon Alley before Tom could even get out a "Welcome!" It was fairly busy but not with the back to school rush. It was still fairly early into the summer and the school letters hadn't arrived yet. They usually tended to come near his birthday anyway and that was a few weeks away. Gringotts was as busy as ever, though the numerous tellers ensured almost no wait times even at the busiest times of the day. He had always been impressed by the formidable bank."How can I help you?" came the stern but decidedly bored tone of the goblin teller from behind his spectacles.Harry shifted slightly. He wasn't sure exactly how to go about getting what he wanted. He'd only really just thought about what he actually wanted to do here as he was crossing the marbled floor."Um, I'd like to visit my vault," he said after a moment, holding up his key. "I'd also like to talk to someone about my account."At the second thing he said the goblin leaned forwards slightly. Harry pushed up the cap so that the he could see the goblin better."And what is the nature of the inquiry regarding your account, Mr. Potter?" he asked, eyes flickering to the scar, his voice sounding more attentive than a few seconds earlier."Oh well I actually don't know much about my account or how anything really works and I was hoping I could get some overall information about it," Harry explained. "All I really know is that I've got a pile of gold."At this the goblin smirked, his sharp teeth flashing. "I can assure you, Mr. Potter, you have far more than just a pile of gold." He pressed a button on the counter and another goblin came up beside them at once. "Please show Mr. Potter to one of the free Account Manager offices."The goblin nodded then beckoned to Harry. "Follow me, Mr. Potter.""Ah, right." He turned back to the teller. "Thanks."The goblin merely nodded his head, eyes returning to the throng in irritation. A minute later and Harry was shown into a decent sized office with an elegant desk covered in various papers. He took a seat in the chair facing it."Good morning, Mr. Potter," came a voice from the door.Harry turned to see a new goblin, though this one was dressed a bit finer than the others he had met before"My name is Rageclaw and I am one of the many Account Managers that oversee a number of the vaults we have here." His voice was decidedly bland, as if he'd done this a million times and expected to do it a million more.Harry stood up and walked over, meeting him half way. Not really sure what else to do, he put out his hand. "It's nice to meet you Rageclaw, please call me Harry."Rageclaw eyed the hand for a moment but shook it all the same. "Of course, Harry, please have a seat." Taking their seats at the desk Rageclaw moved some papers aside before continuing. "Now what can I help you with? I was told you have questions about your main vault? Or is it perhaps to do with the trust vault?""Um... main vault?" repeated Harry, blinking a few times."Where do you think the money that goes into that trust vault even comes from?" he scoffed, almost in amusement. The blank look that Harry was giving the goblin made his eyes narrow. "Perhaps... you can tell me precisely what you do know about your finances and inheritance. So that I can better understand what you might need to know.""Well," started Harry, feeling slightly thrown off, "to give the full story, I found out that I was a wizard and that magic existed on my eleventh birthday. That was almost four years ago. I came to Gringotts for the first time and found out that I had a vault filled with a mountain of gold coins which I was told that my parents left me. That about wraps it up.""If you don't mind me asking, what do you know about the Potter line?" Rageclaw asked, leaning back in his seat."Nothing at all, though from what I've gathered it's just me," said Harry.Pushing off from his seat Rageclaw moved to a nearby filing cabinet, opening a drawer and shuffling through it deftly. A minute later he returned with a sealed file that was labeled: Potter, A,N."A, N?" he read, looking at Rageclaw curiously."Ancient and Noble," said the Goblin automatically."And that means...?"Rageclaw's brow raised slightly. "You don't know?""Would I have asked if I did? You don't seem like the kind of guy who likes to have his time wasted." Rageclaw grinned toothily."Indeed I do not. Ancient and Noble are merely two different titles that certain families have due to specific circumstances. Ancient refers to a family that has continued its line for a number of centuries. Typically they have been banking with Gringotts for nearly as long.""That's it?" said Harry, unimpressed.Rageclaw actually smirked. "Wizarding kind does tend to make themselves seem more impressive than they usually are, however they can," he said, distaste plain in his voice."So is Noble the same kind of a thing then?" Harry continued."No. Noble Houses refer to the group of families that established the Wizards Council, what has now become the Ministry of Magic," he added at Harry's confused look."Wait, my dad's family helped make the Ministry?" he said in shock. Well that seemed fairly significant."It was hundreds of years ago, but yes," said Rageclaw."Who else?""While there were a great number of them originally, the only remaining Noble Houses in Great Britain are the Potters, the Blacks, and the Bones.""That's actually pretty interesting," said Harry. Who would have thought he'd be getting a small history lesson in the Goblin bank...Rageclaw cleared his throat, bringing Harry back out of his thoughts. "That aside, from our conversation so far would I be right in assuming that you don't know anything else about your family or what you have in this building?" Receiving Harry's confirmation, Rageclaw just grumbled about wizarding ineptness. "Very well, I will give you a brief summary," he continued. "The Potter household is, as I've said, a very old line. They have always been respected vault holders within these walls. I have the Potter file here which automatically records all transactions and holdings for the family vault. It is spelled in such a way that only a member of the Potter family or the Potter family Account Manager may read it. This prevents any information leaking.""Who's the Potter family, er, my Account Manager?" Harry asked in curiosity. Rageclaw looked at the corner of the file where a name was spelled."It says that Account Manager Tarlock is," he read. "I do not know him personally and I don't believe that he has been managing the account for very long. I remember that the previous Potter family Account Manager passed away a number of years before you were born. Most Account Managers for the old families keep their positions for life. They are well respected positions, as the older the family, generally the larger the vault.""So why didn't he come?" asked Harry, feeling a bit miffed.Rageclaw paused before answering. "I was sent to see the nature of your queries and then call for him if he was needed."Harry crossed his arms. "Sounds lazy. I thought you all took pride in your jobs.""He meets the parameters of his position," said Rageclaw immediately.Harry smirked. The fact that he didn't say anything more and hadn't said anything positive was telling enough, though at the same time is really was such a Goblin thing to say. "I see."Harry contemplated the Goblin before him. From what he knew from Hermione as well as his interactions with them at the bank, Goblins were all about two things: profit and trade. They always looked to make a profit, but equally held value for trades. Perhaps he would try a hand at a long term investment. It wasn't like he had anything to lose anyway."Would you like to be my new Account Manager?" asked Harry, suppressing a laugh at the look on Rageclaws face. Surprised Goblins made for an amusing sight. "Well, you've been pretty helpful to me and aren't treating me like the ones in the main hall usually do. Then there's the fact that I know you more than I know Tarlock. Plus," he added, looking at the goblin with a small smile, "I like you. I think I can trust you with my gold."Rageclaw straightened perceptibly. "Harry Potter, I would be honored to be your Account Manager," he said with a very sharp toothed smile. "Though I must add that you really are far too trusting for your own good."Harry grinned, liking the Goblin even more now. Considering what he knew about the enmity between wizards and goblins, not to mention the fierceness that they competed with each other for wealth and power, it looked like he had just made Rageclaw's day and then some."What do I have to do to make it official?" he asked. Rageclaw pulled out a black quill from his desk."This is a blood quill," he explained. "They are considered Dark objects, though often find their way into use on specific legal documents that require a special signature and a few other exceptions. The quill uses you own blood as ink and is slightly painful to write with, though heals quickly.""Blood makes powerful magic," muttered Harry, thinking back to the night of the ritual. Damn right the quill was considered Dark.""Indeed it does," agreed Rageclaw. "To appoint a new Account Manager, the head of the house must write the name of the new Account Manager on the folder after crossing out the old one.""Are you sure this will work?" asked Harry. "I mean wouldn't I need to be an adult to be making these kinds of changes to an account?""Quite right normally, but as you are the last Potter you gain the ability to make certain changes to your account once you reach a much younger age than that of current wizarding majority. Usually the remaining member of the line would have someone of an age to provide proper advise to begin with, though that is obviously not the case here. If you're lying about your age and are too young then it won't work anyway."Harry took the quill apprehensively and crossed out Tarlock's name. He felt a sharp sting on the back of his hand as a small line mimicked exactly what he had just done. Within a second the line had vanished. Looking back at the folder he could see that Tarlock's crossed off name had completely vanished as well. Grimacing at the quill he neatly wrote Rageclaw in the proper place. A small flash of light on Rageclaw's uniform drew his attention to something that looked like a badge of some sort, though it was too small for him to be able to make out properly."I must thank you, Harry Potter," said Rageclaw, running a finger over the badge lightly. "I did not expect such fortune to befall me today. I will work very hard as your Account Manager to bring us both great profit.""I'm sure you will, Rageclaw. What exactly do you do?" Harry asked.Rageclaw was now looking through the folder which contained far more paper than it looked like it did, absorbing pages and pages of information with the skill of a practiced accountant."I keep close watch of your accounts while maintaining them in such a way as to yield the greatest profit, which is done by working with the bank. Banks use a good deal of the money that people leave with us for a number of things that afford us profit and in return we pay interest on the amount of total gold that resides in a vault. The greater your gold the greater the asset to the bank, and the greater the payout for the customer. That is a bit of banking at its heart, for a fourteen year old at any rate," he added with a small grin.Harry smirked, knowing that Rageclaw was just having him on. Though this was all quite new to him he was really enjoying himself."Anyway, now that I am you AM, why don't we had to your family vault so that you can see what's there?""Yes, please," said Harry eagerly. From the moment he found out that he had a family vault he had been dying to see what was inside it. Rageclaw led the way out of his office and to the carts."I'll tell you now, Harry," said Rageclaw as they sped through the tunnels. "As a minor you have certain restrictions placed on you with regard to what you can and cannot remove from a family vault. Your trust vault of course will always be supplied from the main family vault to maintain a certain level so you need not fear ever running out of gold. Also if you ever want to store something in a vault that you may wish to retrieve at a later date it would be best to put it into the trust vault as well.""Right," said Harry, gripping the side of the cart as it made a sharp turn."Regarding the family vault," Rageclaw continued, "you are not permitted to remove any money. That covers gold, raw gems, and other such treasures. There are a number of items which belong to a certain section of the vault that you cannot access until you have reached majority. Unfortunately that's just how the vault was built. Other than that, you should be able to remove anything that isn't straight money, though there is a caveat."The cart finally slowed to a halt. They were on a piece of rock that didn't seem to be connected to any other vault, much unlike his trust vault which was situated along a line of its fellows. The vault in front of him had a large golden door with a crest on it. The number above the vault read 49. Along the side walls were enormous paintings of a dragon and a griffin opposite each other. For the briefest second he thought that the two paintings were eying him menacingly, but a second glance told him they were just what they appeared to be. At least he hoped so..."What's the crest?" asked Harry, eyes drawn back to it in interest. It was an amazing but simple design of a phoenix."That's your family crest," said Rageclaw.Harry looked at him surprised then back to the crest. "Why a phoenix?""Unfortunately I do not know the answer to that," said Rageclaw, having expected the question at this point. "Now, if you'd please place your hand against the door. It needs to recognize you as a Potter."Harry placed his hand against the door before drawing away quickly. The door had stabbed him! The cut healed instantly though and the door seemed to melt away."Wonderful, if you hadn't been a Potter you'd have died right there," continued the Goblin conversationally, making Harry shudder a bit."Are you able to come in with me?" he asked, looking at Rageclaw. If he remembered correctly the goblins never entered any vaults he had ever seen."Normally no, but as your Account Manager I have the authority to, though only with your permission," he said easily."Oh well then come on," Harry said, leading the way into the vault.It was huge compared to his trust vault. As a house is compared to a closet. Enormous stacks of gold lined a number of walls and were meters deep and tall. Covered paintings were off to one side, along with pieces of furniture, cabinets filled with other trinkets and an assortment of things that would probably furnish a large mansion easily. It just went on and on, he barely knew where to look next. At the center of it all was a small dais with a little box. Curious, Harry walked over to it and opened it. Sitting there in the box was a ring with the Potter family crest on it."Ah you've found the house ring," said Rageclaw. Heading off Harry's question he continued, "You see, the head of the house wears the ring. A silly tradition, but a useful one as it leaves no room for debate. Hardly useful to you now as you're the only remaining Potter. I mentioned earlier about a caveat when removing things from the vault? Because you are underage you would essentially not be able to take anything out of here. However, the head of the house overrides most of it but the gold, which is essentially to prevent young lords from ending their families out of stupidity. It is an old law but it is still a law," said Rageclaw, shifting in what Harry assumed was something close to a shrug."So you're saying that I'd have to become the head of the family to take anything out of here?" asked Harry. "And I need to be wearing the ring to make that happen?"Rageclaw nodded. Clearly there was still a lot to learn. He felt a bit bad for having Rageclaw say it all."Right. Uh, sorry to make you explain all this to me, by the way.""No matter, Harry, consider it a consultation," said the Goblin. Harry blinked for a second before picking up on what Rageclaw was referring to."You mean you're already getting paid for this.""Precisely.""Well at least you're consistent," said Harry with a shrug, taking a seat on a nearby trunk. He held up the ring to get a better look at it. "Anyway, you were saying?"At once the Goblin continued his explanation. "Becoming head of the House of Potter really doesn't all boil down to being able to take things out of the vault. Let me explain. As you are the last Potter, regardless of the fact that you are still underage, you are eligible to become the head of the house. There are also last of line rights that you haven't taken advantage of, which in my professional opinion I suggest you do, for the benefit of the family.""Last of-""Last of line rights are a number of rights that a member of a line gains access to once he or she becomes the only remaining member. While most of them are trivial, the most notably useful one today is emancipation. It is for a measure of freedom as well as protection. Wizarding kind has always feared the extinction of their pure and untainted blood." Rageclaw's last few words were filled with sarcastic amusement.Harry's eyes went very wide at this. "Emancipated? As in legal adulthood? Magic whenever I want to? Simply because I'm the last of my family?" It was almost inconceivable how simple this was sounding. There had to be a catch right?"Indeed, Harry. It's just a matter of signing a few forms and then sending them to the ministry to be put on file.""Well that's worth it by itself then."Giving the ring one last appraising look, he slipped it on the pointer finger of his right hand. He felt a warmth flow through his body, much like the day he picked up his wand from Ollivander's."Congratulations," said Rageclaw."For what?""Well, if you weren't a Potter, or you were but for some reason weren't eligible to become the head of the house, say it turned out you actually had a living older male sibling you had no idea about, you would have been killed by the ring immediately."Harry paled slightly."Lovely." Suddenly the ring vanished. "It's gone!""Do not be alarmed," said Rageclaw. "The ring will only appear when you want or need it to. Discretion is always wise."It was true. He couldn't see it but he could still feel it there somehow, even though when he ran a finger over the spot where it had been he only felt his skin.Rageclaw looked around at the vast riches surrounding them. "Now was there anything you wanted to take with you?"Harry glanced around. "No, not right now at any rate. I have a couple of other things I want to do today and I'd really have nowhere to put it," he said sadly. "I'll come back later to have a go through this stuff though definitely." He walked back to the door with Rageclaw at his side. "I do have a couple of other things I wanted to ask about.""Of course, Harry. Let's head back to my office. Though now that I think about it, I'll be getting a much nicer one as soon as Tarlock vacates his current one."The ride back was much quicker than the one down. Within a short time they were sitting at the desk again."Now, what else did you need from me?""Well a couple of things," said Harry, having thought about it on the way back. "First of all, let's fill out the emancipation papers and send those on their way. I'd like that to be taken care of as soon as possible. Just being able to do magic outside of school right now is really important for my safety. I don't need the ministry trying to expel me for some stupid reason while I'm trying to protect myself.""You are in danger?" asked Rageclaw, his eyes narrowing like earlier."Of course," he said softly. "Voldemort's back." Once again Harry found himself facing a very startled goblin. "I know the ministry is denying it, but I did see him come back at the end of this last school year. He used some kind of, I don't know, ritual to get himself a body again. I only barely managed to get away from him and I'm certainly on the top of his hit list you know?""Are you serious, Mr. Potter?"Harry noticed the slip back to his last name. "Why would I lie to you?" he said. "Hell why would I lie to anyone about this? It's serious stuff. People need to be prepared.""I will be sure to bring this up with the proper people," said Rageclaw. "Thank you for telling me this." He moved to a smaller cabinet and came back with a number of sheets of paper. "Please fill this out in the proper places. It's the emancipation form following the last of line clause. Such a thing happens so rarely that we've still got the original copies of that form from when it first came around centuries ago."Harry used the blood quill to write his name in all the proper places, date the form, then sign it. His hand was stinging a bit but it was certainly worth it."Excellent, I will send this away as soon as we complete our business. I'll be sure to owl you when the ministry confirms they have it on file. I don't suggest that you do magic right away, even though you can. They will need to remove the trace from your wand and it would probably be best to let them come to you instead of causing some confusion. For the record though, signing that form emancipated you. What else did you want us to do?""Well is there a way that I can pay for things without having to always come back to Gringotts? Like a muggle credit card? Do you know what those are? My uncle is always going on about how useful his is."Rageclaw smiled and moved to another part of the room, coming back with a few things."This little bag is a money pouch that can be linked to your vault," he said, placing a finger on the small pouch. The finger moved to a simple looking wallet which he opened and pulled out a sturdy looking black card with a golden Gringotts emblem in the top right corner. "This is a Muggle credit card that can be linked in much the same way. We are not so entirely behind Muggle technology as one may think. Please touch each with your vault key."Harry obliged, causing each to glow."Now each of these is linked to your vault. Also if I may..." He quickly jabbed Harry's finger with a sharp fingernail and squeezed a drop of blood onto the card and into the bag. "There. Now no one can use these but yourself. Normally there is a fee to activate these things and a monthly rate to hold them, but I will wave that for now on account of your generosity for my new position.""Thank you, Rageclaw," said Harry, pleased that everything was going so well. And to think he came here just hoping to find out what was what. "You've been such a huge help. If you ever need something let me know and I'll see what I can do.""Harry, this is my job after all.""And you do it well." Harry got up to leave, shaking Rageclaw's hand. "Do you think I could get some galleons changed into pounds on the way out?""Of course, just see the exchange teller. I'll point him out to you."They walked in silence for a while, Harry taking in the architecture of the magnificent building. It was incredible how different things were suddenly looking to him. Everything seemed brighter by comparison. A minute later and they were in the main lobby."Oh, one more thing about purchasing things in the wizarding world," said Rageclaw, as Harry got a decent amount of Muggle money to help sustain himself for the remainder of the summer. "If you ever are going to buy something with a large amount of galleons, you can always sign for the payment by writing down your name and vault number and then tapping it with your vault key. Shop owners who have high ticket items have special paper that we issue for just that purpose.""Yeah I guess that makes sense," said Harry. "Imagine asking for five thousand galleons from the pouch and just dumping it on the store owner. I'd imagine he'd be a bit unhappy."x~xHarry walked out of Gringotts feeling like a completely new person. His morning grouchiness was completely gone after finding a friend in Rageclaw. Well, about as close as a goblin wizard relationship could get to friendliness. More like a mutually positive business agreement. A marked difference from the way people usually treated him, either as an attention seeking prat jumped up on his own fame or the next freakin' messiah. He liked the goblin and knew that he would work hard for him.It was a little after noon now, and since he was already here there was no reason not to walk though the Alley, cap firmly covering his scar. Having always been led around the Alley in a group he never noticed half the things he was seeing now, walking about on his own. Even before his third year when he had spent a good portion of his summer at the Leaky Cauldron he had kept fairly close to the inn. Now though, he was exploring past the immediate area. Diagon Alley was actually way larger than he had ever imagined.Eventually he returned to the stores that he visited regularly. Quality Quidditch Suppies kept him occupied for some time before he was heading over into Eyelops just to see the owls. He always liked to check to see if they had any snowy owls as fine as Hedwig but they never did. It made Hedwig feel even more special than she already was. Stopping by Madame Malkin's, Harry was quickly fitted for a plain black robe that he could go around in while in the Alley without sticking out too much. He also picked up some underwear. You really could never have too much underwear. Or socks for that matter. The next place he ended up in was Flourish and Blotts. There were a number of interesting books in the charms, transfiguration, and especially the defense sections but he just had no way of carrying them without drawing attention at number 4, and he couldn't ask them to be shrunk by the shop keeper because he wouldn't be able to unshrink them later. Unless...Harry quickly left the book store, aiming to come back a little later. Right now he made a beeline for the luggage shop, a place he had only been in briefly once before. The shop was much less cheerful than most of the shops along the Alley but no less impressive. There were dozens of trunks of different sizes lining the walls, all various colors and designs. Ever since seeing the trunk that had imprisoned Alastor Moody the previous year, Harry had become interested in seeing what different kinds of trunks were around. In his first year he had gotten a completely normal trunk during his shopping with Hagrid, not even aware that different types existed. Admittedly he was likely still far too caught up with the whole "magical world" thing at the time. Spotting the shop owner at the near the back of the store he walked up to the man and tapped him on the shoulder."Excuse me, I was hoping you could help me pick out a new trunk." The man gave Harry a once over, his eyes resting on his well worn shoes for a second. "Something wrong?" he said with a scowl. The man smirked and straightened."Sorry kid, old force of habit," he said in a rough voice. "What are you looking for?""Well first of all, do you sell trunks that can be shrunk and unshrunk without me using magic and getting in trouble?""Course," said the man. He walked over to one trunk and tapped it saying, "Pocket size." The trunk instantly shrunk to the size of a sickle. "Regular size," returned it to normal."Brilliant," said Harry excitedly. "So what do you have in stock?"x~xHarry returned to the bookstore twenty minutes later and a new trunk tucked into his pocket. It wasn't fancy but with the expanded room inside, second compartment, and easy portability it would certainly make his life better, especially since he was looking to fill it with reading material to keep him busy for ages.Harry bought a handful of books from every section, though admittedly many of them were less because he was interested and more because by the time had gone through two sections he had started getting carried away with spending money. He could afford it, right? So why not get a library's worth of books that would make Hermione drool. Regardless, every book he chose was useful in some way. In particular, he picked up books that had anything on the first war with Voldemort, which was surprisingly easy, even though it had been so recent in the past. He wanted to know as much as he could about what had happened. Perhaps by studying the earlier war he would be better prepared for this one. Voldemort wasn't stupid by any stretch of the word. In fact he was one of the most brilliant wizards of his generation. It was bizarre but curious to think that if he had done anything remotely positive with his life then he would have likely been placed up on, if not near, Dumbledore's pedestal. Unfortunately for the world, Voldemort did go the serial killing path of apparent world domination, culling those with impure blood, and become a dark wizard. Books would only help Harry so much, but any bit of information was better than none. Anything that might help keep him alive. You know, as any normal almost-fifteen year old would be worrying about in his day to day life.By the time he was done, he sat in the Leaky Cauldron at about four in the afternoon, eating a well deserved late lunch. He had also ordered dinner to go for later. This had been the best day of the summer. He would keep doing as he had been, checking the news and trying to coax out any information from anyone, but now he wouldn't be going spare in between when he was trying all that. At least he now had some new things to read that could help prepare him for what was ahead. He might as well get his homework done as well."God I'm dying for a game of Quidditch..."Xx~xXHarry finished the final line of his Transfiguration essay with a flourish. His homework had been much easier than he initially anticipated, even though he was going into his OWL year. He had never been more grateful of having a trunk filled with random books of all sorts, as a number of them had given him everything he could need to complete his work. He wondered if Hermione had finished her homework yet. Always a chance, even though it was still July. There was no question that Ron hadn't done any of it yet."Why the hell did we take Divination?" he asked himself for the millionth time, not even bothering to do the summer assignment. What an immense waste of time. Among the books he had gotten were a couple of early level ancient runes books which were actually quite interesting. No doubt the class would have been a tough one in his third year but it certainly would have been better than the bull shit that the crazy predicting bat put him through each week. Having someone predict your death every time you saw them was a bit annoying to say the least. Heaving another small sigh he put away his Transfiguration and took out his Charms work. In what seemed to be a stroke of genius, Harry decided to do the most troublesome homework first and the easiest last. Potions took him a few days of research but once he finished it it felt nice not to have to do it last like he usually saved it for. Charms was his last assignment to do. Putting his book on the desk, Harry's eyes glanced at a letter he had gotten almost a week ago. The initial rage he had felt had dissipated after a few days but there was still nothing positive about how it left him now.Harry,It has come to my attention that you have visited Diagon Alley today. Though I know your Aunt and Uncle's home is not somewhere you would rather be there is no place safer for you. Diagon Alley and anywhere else for that matter are all vulnerable to attacks from Voldemort and his followers. It is imperative that you remain patient until we can collect you from your relatives'. Hopefully that can be some time by early August. Please do not worry us all by venturing off again. You are more important to us than you might think. Again, do not leave the vicinity of your Aunt and Uncle's home.Take care,Albus DumbledoreThe letter had arrived via Fawkes a few minutes after he had returned from the Alley that day. How had Dumbledore known? Was he actually being watched somehow? It was the first letter he had received from the Headmaster all summer and it merely told him to stay put. No information, not even a how are you. Scowling, Harry wrote a short reply.Professor Dumbledore,Thanks for your concern, but I'll be fine.HarryHe received no reply to his short letter and put the whole thing out of his mind. He wasn't particularly keen on having a row with the Headmaster, but he would have it if he had to. The past few days had been the most enjoyable of any time ever spent in the Dursley's wretched house. It didn't help the old man that he was the one who thought it wise to place Harry with his relatives, instead of with anyone else where he might have actually enjoyed growing up. Or at least been referred to by his own name instead of "boy" or "freak." He would have probably been happier with the Malfoys.By the time the grandfather clock downstairs struck midnight Harry had finished all of his work. He was reading a book called The Origins of Light and Dark, one of the books he had picked out with the other ones regarding dark wizards and the like. It was an interesting book all about the philosophy behind calling something those two extremes, including wizards, magic, and even ideals, going all the way back to the time of Merlin. Yawning he marked his page and curled up on the small bed, mind spinning slightly with the notions of good, evil, and the wide world that existed in the middle.x~xHarry rose from another restless nights sleep as Vernon pulled out of the driveway heading to work. He could hear his Aunt moving around lightly downstairs and the walls vibrating slightly from the snores of his cousin. Moving quietly, he showered and returned to his room, throwing on the most form fitting of Dudley's old clothing. It was starting to work out that some of the things from when his cousin was eleven or so was close to fitting him, at least around the shoulders. He also slid his wand into the high quality holster that he had purchased from Ollivander's, which was charmed to be invisible among other things. It let him walk around in a t-shirt without fear of looking odd carrying a wand. Considering that this summer was one of the most brutally hot summers he had ever experienced it was well worth it."What are you up to?" said Petunia as he came downstairs. She looked at him sharply."Nothing worth getting suspicious over," he said bluntly. "You honestly think I would do something to give Uncle Vernon more of a reason to come after me?" It wasn't like Petunia ever raised her hand to him. Well, if you discounted the handful of times he had been hit sharply with a frying pan or some other thing in her grasp. Still, never with her own two hands. "I'll be out all day again, don't worry about feeding me." Not like you ever did.He didn't go far today, just a shortish walk to a deli where he got a sandwich. He spent the remainder of the day hanging out at the park. Everything was going fine until Dudley showed up. Oh, and the Dementors too. Which brought Harry back to reality. A Dementor was about to suck out his soul and his life was flashing in front of his eyes. Yeah... definitely not a highlight reel. He hadn't even gotten the chance to kiss a girl yet. Damn. It was bad enough that he could count the positive parts of his life on a single hand. He was a wizard, Ron, Hermione, Sirius, flying. Yeah, one hand. Shitty life. And to top it all off his scar was seriously in pain now too, like his head was on fire, though his sense of it was dimmed as he fought to stay conscious.God dammit.The Dementor's mouth fastened over his own and he knew no more.Xx~xXA/N: I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. To explain what I'm going for here is just a summer before fifth year that goes a bit differently than the canon with huge consequences thereafter. This story has a nice build. As a return for patience chapters just get more and more rewarding as the chapters turn.I took a little of the random bits of info regarding wizarding past and families and threw the bit I wrote together cuz it was fun. Ancient and Noble lines and ancient bullshit laws have basically no impact on this story. I like thee concepts but stories that go ham handed with is just bore the piss out of me. Flavor text at best.Real quick for you skeptics...I promise there will be no slash. None, sorry slash fans there's more than enough of that for you to get lost in. Find it elsewhere.I promise there will be no bashing. That's right folks. NONE. Fuck that. Characters can be annoying for their traits and real reasons, but the lame stupidity that normally accompanies hated characters is just not there. It's a tasteless thing to do to a character in general.I promise that Harry will not become a god slaying immortal, nor will he gain ultimate power by chapter 5 or anything equally ridiculous.I promise that there will be a nice romance, and it will be among the mainstream girls, probably. I've read dozens of fics with each pairing and I like all of them, each for different reasons. Feel free to encourage a particular ship if you do so desire. On a similar note, this will not have Harry actively taking a harem with a bunch of the students. I might have Harry unsure about girls he likes and their interactions but no "I want you and you and you..." Like seriously easy there Zeus.Another thing, I'll also be mixing up some things I think didn't make sense to begin with. Like Ron making prefect. I mean seriously? What do prefects stand for? Basically everything Ron isn't and there is no fucking way that McGonagall would have let that fly, even if Dumbles said do it. She's the head of house not him, and I say that prefects are appointed by head of house. The end. Head Boy and Girl makes sense that each head of house puts forth a candidate from their own house for each (or may support one of another house if they desire) and then the headmaster makes the final decision. Kosher?Oh and I'm making Harry a little more flippant about stuff because I enjoy writing it more that way. Don't let it get to you.Please, let me know what you think by leaving a review. If anyone has any questions at any point in this thing, feel free to ask me in a review or a PM. I'll answer to the best of my ability and pretty quickly.The journey has just begun!
