AN: I do not own the world of Harry Potter or the original characters.Not even a year old, eleven month old Albus Potter was kidnapped by escaped Azkaban prisoner Bellatrix Lestrange. Now, after nearly twelve years of being missing, at the age of thirteen, Albus S. Potter goes to Hogwarts as Perseus Lestrange.Train station...Thirteen year old Rose Weasley does not remember her cousin's kidnapping, and no one ever talks about it. Not her mum, dad, none of her Aunts or Uncles, not even her older cousins. But she does notice that every year her Aunt Ginny and Uncle Harry have a sad look in their eyes on June the third. Rose never asked on the subject. At the train, Rose was with her family, everyone was saying their good byes. Rose Weasley looked a lot like her mother, but her hair was auburn in color and pretty thick."Bye mum, dad" Rose said, hugging both her parents individually. "I'll see you at Christmas.""Have fun Rosie, do good in school," her father, Ron said "but remember to beat Scorpious on your tests alright?" Ron said in her ear, hoping his wife wouldn't hear, instead Hermione smacked him on the side of his head with her hand."OWW, what was that for?" Ron asked, rubbing the side of his head."Ronald, don't you tell her that" Hermione said looking at her husband with a strict look. "Have fun at school ok?" Hermione said with a smile towards her daughter."I will mum, " Rose said heading on to the train until the Malfoy family caught her eye. She saw Scorpious Malfoy with his mother and Father, Astoria and Draco Malfoy. But there was a boy there she has never seen before standing with Scorpious. The boy standing there was around Scorpious's hight, and Rose guessed that either the boy was eleven and had an early growth spurt or he was already attending Hogwarts and the Malfoy family was dropping him off. But Rose wondered if he attended Hogwarts or not, she did not remember seeing him before. Before she could sat foot on the train, her cousin, James Potter stood next to her, looking in the direction she was staring at. James Potter was fourteen, and had messy black hair, with his mothers eyes, and his body was toned and tanned from playing quidditch. "What are you doing looking at the Malfoys?" James asked. Rose broke her train of thought as James spoke, she looked over at him."No reason, I just don't remember the Malfoys having another kid" Rose told him, James nodded, he didn't remember the Malfoys having two sons either. James just shrugged it off. "Don't associate with him Rosie, if he is hanging out with the Malfoy's, you know he is bad news" James said standing up straighter and an entire head taller than Rose.At Hogwarts...The sorting hat finished the last student who was sorted into Ravenclaw. Hogwarts Head Mistriss, Professor McGonagall stood from the teacher's table, her frame was older, but she felt younger than he years. She stared at the students."Attention please" Professor McGonagall said, the students chatter and laughter died down to silence. "Thank you" she said, "Welcome new students to Hogwarts, and especially to our new transfer student from Durmstrang, Perseus Lestrange who was privately sorted into Slytherin." As soon as Professor McGonagall said Lestrange, the students looked shocked, and whispers started all around.Rose looked at James, then to her friend Abby. Rose saw the black haired boy sitting by Scorpious at the Slytherin table, where the Slytherins were shaking their newest members hand."A Lestrange?" James said, "how the hell did Bellatrix Lestrange have a kid? Deffineatly do not associate with him Rosie""oh come on James, he could be nice, I mean, just because Bellatix was a Death Eater does not mean he is to" Abby said. "What do you think Rose?"Rose looked at her friend, in a way, she knew Abby had a point. He could or could not be nice."SILINCE" Professor McGonagall said with her wand pointed towards her throat. "Now, remember No student is allowed out of their dorms after hours, and that the Forbiddin Forrest is out of bounds by all students. You all have classes tomorrow morning. I believe it is time for bed, off to bed all of you."Rose stood up with her best friend Abby, "Rose, do you think he could be like his mother?" Abby asked. Rose shrugged; she had no clue just like Abby."I don't know, but Scorpious is pretty nice" Rose said."true" Abby told her, as the girls walked to the Gryffindor Tower....A week went by and Rose was exhausted. The first week to Rose was the toughest: getting back into the swing of things. Rose took a book off the shelf, she looked at the cover, and felt pretty satisfied that she had the right book. She tucked it under her arm and walked to a table. She stopped in her tracks as she saw Perseus Lestrange was seated at her usual table, wearing muggle clothes. She knew Perseus was pretty smart in class, since he raised his hand a lot in class, and normally answered the questions right, but was normally the last student picked. He was normally found with Scorpious or by himself, and never walked in a cluster. She walked to the table, and put her book down."...may I sit here?" Rose asked. Perseus looked up to see Rose, and she noticed his eyes were green, not any usual green, but emerald green like her Uncle Harry."yeah go ahead." Perseus said moving the three books by his left side. Rose took a seat. He seemed friendly enough in her opinion. Rose felt sorry for Perseus, she saw a lot of students pick on him because of what his mother and father had done during the last and First Wizarding war."You are Perseus right?" Rose asked. Perseus looked at her, he nodded his head."yes," he said in a shy way. "I can move if you want." Perseus took his parchment and books and was about to move, but Rose didn't think that was fair. He was at the table first, besides, all the other tables were full. "No, you can stay where you are..." Rose said, "I mean... you were here first and all the other tables are full." Perseus looked at her, his emerald green eyes stared at her, in a way they did look like Uncle Harry's eyes, but Rose hardly doubted Uncle Harry was related to Perseus Lestrange, let alone Bellatrix or her husband. He took a seat back in his chair."Thanks," he said with a smile "not many here will do that.""What do you mean?" Rose asked. She felt confused, she figured that there are bound to be students who would be fair to him."Not many would let me sit at the same table, besides the Slytherins of course" Perseus said, "you're the first Gryffindor to actually be nice to me.""really?" Rose asked. In a way, Rose figured that, not many people were fond of Bellatrix Lestrange or any of the other families who were Death Eaters. The two students talked for about an hour, and wrote on their parchment papers. Rose learned that Perseus went to Durmstrang his first and second year, that his favorite classes were Transfiguration and Deffense Against the Dark Arts. She also learned that his mother and father were now back in Azkaban and he was living with his Aunt and Uncle in Malfoy Manner along his cousins, Draco and his wife Astoria with Scorpious."So do you miss your mum?" Rose asked,"a bit... she had her nice moments, but mum was over all... pretty cruel" Perseus said, he looked at the table as he said it. Rose could tell that Perseus feared his mother and kind of loved her at the same time. Rose could not figure out how such an evil woman could have a son that was super nice, who had no evil bone in him."I hope none of my cousins havent caused you no trouble" Rose said, Perseus laughed a little."The Potters and Weasleys?" Perseus asked"Yeah" Rose said nodding her head. Perseus sat up straighter in his chair."James and Fred sure have showed themselves." he said, "but thats nothing.""oh really?" Rose asked, "they love playing jokes, especially on Slytherins and first years. They have not harmed you yet I hope?""Not yet, at least nothing serious" Perseus told her....In the Slytherin Common Room, Perseus had his Transfiguration book open on his lap. His first week was big and had a lot of challenges but nothing that Perseus couldn't handle. He was used to others watching him, waiting for him to curse them. Perseus felt like Hogwarts was something like home, it felt different here, warmth was the only way to describe it. Malfoy Manner was very comfortable compared to the old Lestrange House he lived at before his parents arrest back in April. He was grateful for his Aunt, Uncle and cousins when they took him after Durmstrangs school term ended. He enjoyed being able to eat when and where he pleased. He enjoyed having his cousin Scorpious as company. Back in lestrange House, Perseus had no one, all but a grey and white cat he kept and named Luna. The same cat that was purring by his side."I made a friend today Luna" Perseus said to the cat, petting the cats soft fur. "Her name is Rose, Rose Weasley, I know mum would disapprove but I don't care, she actually listened to me talk, it was nice" Perseus looked at the fire blazing in the fire place, making the cool common room feel warm and cozy. "It felt good talking to someone other than Scorpious, sure he is my mate but, it was different, with some one new to talk to." Perseus yawned, he knew it was getting late. Perseus closed the book and stood, and stretched."Come on Luna" Perseus said "bed time."End of first Chapter. AN: this is the first chapter to this series, let me know what you guys think or what i should change. All comments are welcome. 
