Hey guys, always thought this would make for an interesting story, so I decided to give it a crack. Hope you like it.Chapter 1- The Secret of the House"Hey, Remus, wake up." Said James, prodding his sleeping friend on the shoulder."Reeeeeeemuuuuuussssssss." Said Sirius. "Wake up, sleepy head!" He joked, which made Peter giggle like no boy, even a twelve-year-old one, ever should.Remus had just begun to open his eyes. "Oh, hey guys." He said, rubbing his eyes. He pulled himself up ever slow slightly so that he was leaning on one shoulder. "What time is it? Am I late for class?" He asked, now with a sudden panic."No, no, it's Sunday, you buffoon." Said Sirius."Thought you weren't getting home from your mum's until tomorrow?" James added suspiciously. "But yet here you are.""Oh, er, ya, there was a bit of a change." He said, nervously. "She had to go back to the hospital, you see, and-""We know." Sirius interrupted. "We know where you go every month.""Up all night last night, figuring it out." James said. "And then as we leave to go breakfast this morning, there's McGonagall, walking you into the corridor and up the stairs. You were half asleep, didn't even notice us.""I guessed it, Remus!" Said Peter, very proud."Ya, Pete figured it out over last night in the library." Said Sirius. "Werewolf, eh?"Remus bowed his head in shame. He was completely silent-the colour had totally drained from his face, his green eyes pale and sad."Don't worry. It's nothing to be ashamed of." James reassured him, moving from his bed to sit next to his friend."You-you don't care?" Asked Remus, very nervous. "Serious?""What! Our friend is a werewolf! Why would we care?" Said Sirius. "That's great!""What's it like, Remus?" Asked Peter, so excited. "Being a wolf? What kind of powers do you have?""I-I don't have any special powers, really." He said, his nervous frown turning to a hopeful smile."So can you tell us where you go?" Asked Sirius, who had moved his trunk right in front of Remus' bed so he could face him."You know that house, down the road from Hogsmeade?" Said Remus. "Right in there.""You don't mean..." Said Peter, who's voice turned to a whisper, "the haunted one?" "It's not haunted, numbskull." Sirius said. "It's this big wolfy guy making all those rumours, I bet.""Well, er, ya." Said Remus, rubbing the back of his head."You're making all the screams? And yells?" Asked James. "Why?"Remus pulled a t-shirt from his trunk, which was next to his bed, and pulled it over himself, before answering. "Professor Dumbledore makes me go there, so I don't hurt anyone while in my wolf form. And while I'm there, I guess I bite and scratch myself out of frustration, or something. I can't really keep track of everything that goes on in the wolf form.""And that's where all the scratches are from, eh?" Said James, referring to the scratches on his arms."Yea." Said Remus, now embarrassed again."They're calling that house the Shrieking Shack. You wouldn't believe the rumours people make up about it." Said James. "I've been toying with the idea of visiting it sometime, to see if the rumours were true, but I guess we don't really have to now.""Brilliant." Said Sirius, in amazement. "Well, not the scratching, obviously, but the whole werewolf thing.""Er, guys," Remus began, now standing. "Professor Dumbledore made me promise when I first came to Hogwarts, if anyone ever found out about this, then he needed to know about it immediately. He'll want to talk to you.""Ya, that's okay." Said James, knowing Dumbledore would probably be able to give some details. Plus, it was always nice to have a chat with Dumbledore. "Do you want to go now?""We probably shouldn't go first thing in the morning." Said Remus. "Why don't we go before dinner?""Because it is before dinner." Said Sirius, mockingly. "It's nearly five o'clock. You've been asleep all day."
