A/N: I will mention "SPOV" and "TPOV" for Snape's or Tonks' point-of-view for each chapter. This tale begins with Severus, at the begining of Harry's Year six. (and as always, reviews are welcome)STANDARD DISCLAIMER: Neither myself nor wolfinthestars owns the Harry Potter series; it is the intellectual property of JK Rowling and WB, respectively. We make absolutely nothing from this.Severus had his wand out, doing the exact opposite of the lumos charm, skulking the halls of Hogwarts while wrapped in an aura of darkness.Albus was out of the castle again, and had requested the Order to patrol the hallways as augmented protection to the Aurors that were already assigned there.The Ground Floor was clear, as it always was. He wasn't sure exactly how anyone was supposed to crack the external shields of the castle, considering that it was designed to reject everyone bearing a Dark Mark. It was based off of his own arm, thus making him the only exception to the repulsion jinx. Dumbledore's skulduggery knew no bounds, as he did the same thing with Remus' blood to repel every other werewolf from entering the grounds as well.Severus went out onto the grounds itself, and found himself trailing towards Hagrid's hut."Evenin', Snape." Hagrid nodded towards the Potions Master. "Ya ain't gotta worry about anyone coming through the Forest wit' a Disalut'ment Charm, not with me and Fang here."Severus nodded his thanks, biting his tongue from the snarky response that was aching to come out. Hagrid's ability to butcher the English Language is unparalleled. Never have I heard more words lose syllables than when he opens up his mouth. He instead went for a softer insult, once he noticed Hagrid's pumpkin crop."I'm sure your mangy dog works just as well as your scarecrow works on your crops." Snape's wand pointed towards the pumpkin patch, where a few crows were perched on the scarecrow itself.Hagrid jumped to, waving his pink umbrella at the offending birds. "Oi! Ger'off! Damned crows." He turned back to Snape as the Double Agent sent a banishment charm at the birds, throwing them back a few yards and stunned them before they flew off in fear."Ya ain't gotta do that to the pests, Severus. Just a simple flailin' arm will take care of them."Severus stared at the Gameskeeper with a mask of indifference, knowing not to aggravate Albus' favorite charity case."Anyways, Severus, how's Harry doing in your Defense Class?"Albus' second favorite charity case, he amended, that Potter boy gets more breaks than his father ever did for violating the school's rules. "He is doing adequately, considering. Perhaps with Granger's tutoring, as he has undoubtedly had for countless years to survive in Potions, will make him be able to survive The Dark Lord when the time comes. Anyways, I must continue my patrol." With that, Severus turned away, and made his way towards the tree facing the lake. The one that he shared with Lily over a decade ago.There was a lit wand there, and his eyes made out the unique shock of pink hair."Nymphadora. I see you're patrolling tonight as well." Severus sneered, his eyes lingering on the spot that he would sit during the happier times.
