Author's note: This is just the prologue, so it's quite short. Well, really short. Please review! I don't own Harry Potter. It's quite upsetting, really. My name is Adele Lestrange. Daughter of murderers. Descendant of prejudiced, pig headed, narrow minded idiots. Person.As far as I'm concerned, they're not my family. Not the insane death eaters that pass as my parents or the cowardly ones who pass as my guardians. As far as I am concerned, I am not 'that Adele Lestrange' or 'Adeline Lestrange' or even 'Miss Lestrange'. I'm just Adele. A girl. An average 11 year old girl.They don't know that. The people in the streets. The ones that melt away when they catch sight of me. Mother who snatch up their children and flee. Warlocks who nervously finger their wands as I pass by. Relatives of their victims who throw insults at a scared, confused young girl. All whispering my name in hushed tones, along with thrilling stories of my parents deeds.I think that is why my Aunt Narcissa keeps me inside so much. Or perhaps it is shame. Or perhaps she quite simply sees too much of her beloved sister in me.I haven't what you'd call an easy relationships with my only blood relatives- the few who aren't locked up in Azkaban, anyway. The decent side of the family shunned everything to do with me when they heard of my existence, after the imprisonment of my parents. Which leaves me in my Aunt and Uncle's care.There are moments I despise them more than I can say. And there are moments when love- for my Aunt and young cousin especially, who are infuriating stupid and stuck in their ways but who have my best interests at heart nevertheless, overtakes me.Eventually, I would look back upon them but nothing but hate. But for now, at the very least, they were the only people I had in the world, and I could not be blamed for loving them.But the fact of the matter remained that I was not my mother, however much I might look like her. I repeat it over and over in my head. If I were my mother, or indeed, my father, I wouldn't shrink before the accusing glares of the people in the street. I wouldn't submit to my incarnation, gladly. I wouldn't feel a fascination with house elves and muggles I found difficult to suppress. I wouldn't shudder when people squashed spiders or when my cousin, Draco, dropped a nest of baby birds on their heads.If I were my mother, I wouldn't be so human.Now, I am going to Hogwarts. But it is guaranteed neither the taint nor the stigma of my past nor my heritage is going to leave me alone... I am condemned to it, because of who my family are.Dumbledore wanted me to come. I repeat the words over and over, like some sort of talisman, and eventually, I feel something beginning to take shape in my heart. An alien feeling which I only just recognised, never having once felt it in all my eleven years, to the best of my knowledge at least.Hope.
