Hey guys. So originally this was a one-shot about Remus' reactions to the events surrounding October 31st, 1981. I've decided though that as a summer project I'm going to expand this story. So what I'm going to do is write the story from the point of view of any character you want. Here's how it will work: for the next two months or so, if there's a character you want me to write, leave a review letting me know and I'll write it. The conditions are that the character has to be in a conscious state of being on October 31st, 1981 (I phrased it that way because if I had said they had to be alive I would be counting out ghosts and portraits). But basically, I'm not going to write the point of view of Dennis Creevey, because he's not born yet, and I'm not going to write from the point of view of, say, Regulus Black, because he's dead already. Each chapter will be one character, and the first four chapters will be the four marauders. After that it's up to you guys. So hopefully this will work out well, and start thinking about who's point of view you'd like to read about.Remus LupinDear Mr. Lupin,We regret to inform you that your application for the position of store clerk at Potage's Cauldron Shop has been rejected. We do not feel that you are the best candidate to appeal to our clientele. However, we wish you luck in future endeavours.Sincerely,Adelaide PotageI crumpled up the letter and threw it across the tiny bedroom. It landed on the floor next to the garbage bin, already overflowing with rejection letters. I had been trying to get a job for the past three years; ever since I graduated from Hogwarts, but nobody wanted to employ me."We do not feel that you are the best candidate to appeal to our clientele," I muttered to myself, scowling. Every rejection letter I had received had given a similar excuse, but I knew the real reason nobody wanted to employ me. I was a werewolf, and nobody wanted to employ a werewolf.I wished I could talk to my friends; they had always managed to make me feel better when I was feeling discouraged, but unfortunately, it didn't seem like I would be seeing them anytime soon. James and Lily had gone into hiding about a week ago. I didn't know where, but I supposed that was the point of having a Fidelius Charm.They had chosen Sirius as their secret keeper. I could understand this decision; James and Sirius were best friends; I knew I had always been a step below Sirius in James' book. What I didn't understand was why Sirius wouldn't tell me where they were staying. It wasn't like I would be able to tell anyone else, only the secret keeper could do that.At first, Sirius had said that he wasn't going to give anyone the secret, just in case a Death Eater overheard him telling. I had understood this, and though I was disappointed I wouldn't get to see James, I knew it was for his and his family's safety.Two days later, though, things had changed. I had run into Peter when I was in Diagon Alley, looking for shops that were hiring. Peter had gotten a job right out of school, but wouldn't tell any of us what it was. It seemed to keep him quite busy though, as neither Sirius, James nor I had seen much of Peter over the past three years."Peter!" I cried upon seeing him."I!" Peter squeaked, dropping one of the bags of food he was carrying."How've you been?" I asked as I approached. "Are you busy? We could grab a bite at the Leaky Cauldron," I suggested."Oh, um... I c-can't. Have to deliver these to James," Peter said in a hurry as he picked the dropped bag up off the ground and disapparated on the spot, leaving me, hurt and confused, standing in the middle of Diagon Alley.If Peter was going to see James, Sirius must have given him the secret, something he had outright refused to give to me. Offended, I went straight to Sirius' place to confront him.Since Sirius wasn't home, I chose to wait for him in the sitting room. I had a key to the apartment. Sirius had given it to me a year ago when he moved in."Moony, how've you been?" Sirius asked, surprise written across his face when he walked in a few hours later to find me waiting for him. "I haven't seen you in a while.""Yeah, I wonder why?" I asked sarcastically, rising to my feet. I was upset, but more than that, I was angry with Sirius for trusting Peter more than me."What's wrong Moony?" Sirius asked, clearly confused."Why won't you tell me where James and Lily are staying?" I asked. "I want to see them. I want to see Harry.""I told you Moony," Sirius replied in an infuriatingly calm tone. "I'm not telling anyone, it's for the best. I thought you understood."I had had enough with this beating around the bush and decided to come out and say it. "But you told Peter," I stated. The panic that was etched into Sirius' face told me I didn't need to hear any explanations or excuses. "That's what I thought," I said just before storming out, slamming the door behind me and apparating on the spot.I didn't go home to my flat, I knew Sirius would only come and find me, and I didn't want that. Instead I apparated to a forest in the north of the country where I had gone to transform once. I had originally thought it was a vast forest far from any civilization, which is why I thought it would be a perfect forest to transform in. Unfortunately, while I was a werewolf, I came across a series of small cottages, and I probably would have killed the inhabitants if not for James and Sirius leading me away at their own expense.I had discovered that the cottages were all owned by a Muggle landowner, and that he rented them out to Muggles who wanted to spend a weekend in nature. So I rented a cottage, and that's where I had been since then.I couldn't bear to return to the flat James had rented for me, as it contained too many memories. I felt betrayed and alone. At this very moment, Sirius, Peter and James were probably all crowded around little Harry, making bubbles with their wands for Harry to pop, and here I was, depressed and alone, broke and friendless.There was a knock on the door, and I walked out of the small bedroom into the only other room in the cottage. It contained a moth-eaten sofa against one wall, a table big enough for two against the other wall, and a fridge pushed into the corner. I walked over to the door and did a quick spell to see who it was. If it was Sirius or Peter, I was ready to disapparate. I still wasn't ready to face them.The spell revealed that it was the Muggle landowner, Mr. Brighton. I tucked my wand into the back pocket of my pants and opened the door."Good day Mr. Lupin," Mr. Brighton greeted me."I suppose you're here for the rent," I sighed."Yes, unfortunately I am. I always collect on Wednesdays," Mr Brighton replied.I walked over to the couch, where I had thrown my jacket upon my arrival two days ago. I fished my wallet out of the pocket and began to count out the money. Thankfully I had some Muggle money on me, as I assumed Mr. Brighton wouldn't accept Knuts.After counting out the proper amount, I handed it to Mr. Brighton. I sighed again, seeing that I was now left with only enough for another couple of days here, and then I would most likely be kicked out and would have to return to the flat James was renting for me. I didn't want to go back, but I realized that it was really a decision between being sad and being homeless."You know, if you're tight on money, I could always use some help with the upkeep of the cottages," Mr. Brighton offered, obviously noticing my lack of money."Thanks," I said, thrown aback. "I'll think about it." Mr. Brighton nodded and then left to collect rent from the next cottage. I closed the door and then returned to the bedroom, sitting down on the bed in a bit of a daze. I was just offered a job, and I wasn't being judged for my lycanthropy. Of course, Mr. Brighton didn't know I was a werewolf. In fact, being a Muggle, he probably didn't even know werewolves existed.I considered my options. I didn't have any other job offers coming my way, but did I really want to permanently enter the Muggle world? When I was young, I thought his future was over because I was bitten and became a werewolf, but then Professor Dumbledore had accepted me into Hogwarts, and it had seemed that I could have a place in the wizarding world after all.It had meant everything to know that I was a part of that world, and I wouldn't be made an outcast. Accepting this job would be like admitting that I could never be a part of the wizarding world after all.And sure, I was having a falling out with my friends right now, but surely this would all blow over eventually. You-Know-Who wouldn't be around forever, and then James would come out of hiding. Sirius would realize that he had made a mistake not trusting me and I knew I would forgive him when the time came. Peter's job wouldn't keep him away from us forever.I decided I needed to sleep on it before I could decide what to do. I didn't want to make a rash decision like Sirius always did. I lay down on the thin mattress and pulled the flimsy sheet over myself, falling into a restless sleep.0o0o0o0o0o0I awoke to loud shouts and bangs. Instinctually, I jumped out of bed and grabbed my wand, holding it out in front of me as I peered out the window. Three years in the Order had taught me that I should never let my guard down.Outside, there was a crowd gathering, consisting of all the Muggles staying in the surrounding cottages. They all appeared to be staring into the sky and pointing at something in the distance. It was dark out, probably sometime in the early morning.I pulled on my jacket and tucked my wand up my sleeve, just in case. Then I went outside to join the crowd. "What's going on?" I asked the nearest person."It looks like fireworks or something," the man replied, pointing at the sky. As if on cue, the aforementioned fireworks shot into the sky, a burst of red and gold sparks. "They must be for Halloween. The strange thing is they don't explode like regular fireworks," the man continued. "They just zoom around in the air."I nodded absentmindedly though I was no longer listening to the man's ramblings. I would recognize the so called fireworks anywhere. They were magical sparks, and the only possible way they could be in the sky would be if a wizard were shooting them out of their wand.What could be going on, though, I wondered. Shooting sparks like this was a clear violation of the International Statute of Secrecy and surely the Ministry would have stopped them by now."How long has this been going on?" I asked the man, who was apparently still talking to me, though I hadn't been listening."Oh, at least twenty minutes," the man replied.Twenty minutes was far too long, I realized. It wouldn't take the Ministry more than five minutes to discover what was going on, and then it was only a matter of a few seconds to apparate to the source and apprehend the miscreant that had probably had too much Firewhisky to drink and stop the display.I needed to know what was going on, and I was sure he wasn't going to get any more insight than I already had from talking to the man. I thanked him and then returned to my cottage. Upon shutting the door behind me, I turned on the spot and disapparated to Diagon Alley.When I arrived in the Leaky Cauldron, it was chaos. The pub was packed with witches and wizards, and they all seemed to be celebrating something. I headed towards the bar, where I beckoned the barman, Tom over."Could you tell me why everyone seems to be celebrating?" I asked."Why, my dear man, do you mean to tell me you haven't heard?" Tom asked, taking a step back.I shook my head and waited expectantly."Why, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named has been destroyed!" Tom exclaimed excitedly.I was speechless. How could it be? He was gone? So then Harry was safe, James could come out of hiding. I felt like I was soaring. It was like a weight had been lifted off of my shoulders. Things could go back to the way they were. Perhaps with You-Know-Who out of the way, people would be more inclined to hire a werewolf and I could even get a job."But how?" I asked, still unsure how this could have come about. I knew the Order didn't have anything planned at the moment; they were just doing some spy work to try and root out the Death Eaters that were employed at the Ministry."Why, little Harry Potter!" Tom exclaimed. "You-Know-Who tried to kill him but Harry killed him instead, and with his own curse too, apparently."I felt my heart stop for a moment. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named had been with Harry? How had he gotten through the Fidelius Charm?"But Harry's alright, right?" I asked warily."Oh yes, he's perfectly fine. Too bad about the parents though good people they were," Tom said."Too bad about the parents?" I parroted back, paralyzed with the fear that my worst nightmare had come true. James and Lily, they couldn't be they just couldn't."They were killed," Tom said, "most unfortunate that."It had happened. James and Lily were dead. They were gone. One of my best friends in the entire world was gone. My thoughts flitted to Sirius and I realized what all of this must mean. Sirius was the secret keeper. How could You-Know-Who have gotten to them without the secret. Sirius must have betrayed them. How could he? Sirius was James' best friend!"I have to go," I said abruptly to Tom, getting up and walking out of the pub. I needed to understand. I needed to know what was going on. I couldn't go see Sirius, he was a traitor. Peter, I decided. I would go see Peter. So I apparated to the small house in Wimbourne, where Peter still lived with his mother.When I asked where Peter was, though, Mrs. Pettigrew replied that Peter had left in the middle of the afternoon and she hadn't seen him since. I thanked her and left, wondering who else I could talk to.The first person I thought of was Professor Dumbledore. Surely he would know what was going on, and I had always been on good terms with the older wizard.I apparated to the gates of Hogwarts and was met by the caretaker, Mr. Filch."I request an audience with Professor Dumbledore," I said."The Headmaster is not here at the moment," Filch replied, already turning away to return to the castle. There were three more people at the school that I knew were in the Order; Minerva McGonagall, Rubeus Hagrid, and the most recent member, Severus Snape."What about Hagrid?" I asked. "Is he around?"Filch turned around and sighed, obviously wishing he could go back to patrolling the corridors instead of talk to me. "No," he replied. "Hagrid left with Headmaster Dumbledore, as well as Minerva McGonagall.""What about Severus Snape?" I asked, now desperate."He left shortly after the Headmaster," Filch replied.Needing to talk to somebody, I asked the only question I could think of to ask. "Could I wait for Professor Dumbledore in his office?" I asked.Filch appeared torn, unsure as to whether he should let me in. "I suppose so," he finally said. "I have to get back to the corridors; too many students out of bed tonight.""Thank you Mr. Filch," I said as Filch opened the gate for me and I began to walk the familiar route to the Headmaster's office. When I arrived at the statue of the gargoyle, I uttered the password, which I knew from the last Order report I had had to give. I walked up the staircase and wondered if I should go into the office. I decided to wait outside the door as I felt it would be rude to intrude without a proper invitation.I didn't need to wait long before the office door was thrown open. Dumbledore welcomed me in and gestured for me to sit as he circled around to sit behind his desk."I assume you've heard?" Dumbledore asked in a heavy voice. I was pretty sure I could detect tears forming in the old man's eyes."Is it true?" I asked, knowing it was, but still needing to hear it from the Professor."Yes," Dumbledore said."How?" I asked."They were betrayed," Dumbledore replied, confirming my suspicions."How could he?" I asked, more to myself than to Dumbledore."Yes, Mr. Pettigrew had similar thoughts," Dumbledore said.I looked up questioningly and Dumbledore launched into an explanation of how Peter had tracked Sirius down and threatened him. Peter, of course, being the weak man that he was, was no match for Sirius, especially if Sirius had Dark Magic on his side, which he surely did.With a sigh, Dumbledore finished the story, "your friend Peter was killed, and Sirius has been taken to Azkaban. There will be no trial; there isn't really a need for one."I felt like my stomach was being filled with lead. It wasn't possible. James, Lily and Peter all dead and Sirius responsible and in prison? How could everything have changed so suddenly in such a short time? When had my life come to this? It felt like just yesterday that the Marauders were planning their next greatest prank."What about Harry?" I asked, realizing there was still one person in my life that was alive. "I could take him." Sirius had technically been named Harry's godfather, but for obvious reasons, he wouldn't be raising the baby."Harry has been taken to his aunt and uncle's house. He will be safe there," Dumbledore said."Wait, Lily's horrible Muggle sister?" I asked. "No, I could take him. He'll be happier with me!" I couldn't imagine this last tie to my best friends be taken away from me."Remus," Dumbledore said, reaching across the desk to put his arm on my shoulder. "I'm sorry, but Harry will be better off with his aunt and uncle. I've made my decision.""But it isn't your decision to make!" I almost shouted."Nor, I am afraid, is it yours. You aren't Harry's godfather. His aunt and uncle, however, are his blood relatives, and therefore he will be raised with them, away from the magical world," Dumbledore replied calmly.I didn't reply this time. I just sat and stared into my lap. I had nothing left. My friends were gone. I didn't really have much of a life outside of my friends; I had learned that these past couple of days. Without James and Sirius and Peter, I had become the outsider I had always feared becoming."What am I supposed to do now?" I finally asked, more to myself than anything else. I was still in shock, the grieving and the depression that I knew would come had not yet hit."Am I correct in assuming that you are unemployed?" Dumbledore asked.I looked up, confused at this new thread of conversation. He nodded and Dumbledore continued."I have yet to find a permanent Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, as you very well know from your school days here. The current teacher refuses to remain past Christmas. Would you be interested in the position?" he asked.I sat for a moment and tried to process what had just happened. A few hours ago, I would have jumped at the chance of a job in the wizarding world, but now I wasn't so sure. Taking the job would mean I would have to spend ten months of the year at Hogwarts, the place I had spent seven years with the Marauders. Every day would be a reminder that those days were over; that they had been violently ripped away from me by none other than one of my best friends."No," I found myself saying as I rose from the chair. "I'm sorry, but I need to go," I said."Of course," Dumbledore said sadly. "I'm very sorry," he said quietly as I closed the door behind me.In silence, I descended the stairs and proceeded to exit the castle. It was strange, I thought, how out of place I felt now in the building that had served as my home for seven years only three years after having left it. I had eaten in the Great Hall with some of the students that were still here, and yet I felt much older than I was.Every turn I made send another pang through my heart, every corridor holding the memory of a particular moment from my childhood that I wished with all my heart I could have back.James and Lily had had their first kiss right next to that suit of armour. Sirius had defended me to an older student who was making fun of him by that staircase. This was the window that Peter had accidentally fallen out of when they were pulling off a prank.When I reached the boundary of the school, I disapparated back to my cottage, where the crowd had thankfully dispersed. Instead of going into my cottage, I walked determinedly to the cottage where Mr. Brighton was staying.During my walk through Hogwarts, I had made up my mind. I needed to get away, leave the magical world behind and start over. It was now mid-afternoon, so I determined it would be safe to rouse the land owner.I knocked on the door and minutes later, it was opened by a bleary-eyed Mr. Brighton. He had probably been up half the night dealing with the firework scandal."Mr. Lupin, to what do I owe the pleasure?" Mr. Brighton asked."Is that job helping with the cottages still open?" I asked."Of course, of course," Mr. Brighton replied."Then I'll take it if that's alright," I replied."Excellent, let's say you start tomorrow?" Mr. Brighton asked. "We can discuss the specifics then."I agreed and then returned to my cottage. I conjured a nightstand in my bedroom and made sure it had a lock. I placed my wand in the drawer, and then realized I had nothing else left from the wizarding world. I closed and locked the drawer and then placed the key in my pocket. I wouldn't need my wand now that You-Know-Who was gone. And if I was going to properly move on, I needed to leave wizardry behind for good.I realized I hadn't eaten for quite some time, but also realized I had no food, so instead, I curled up on my couch and allowed myself, for the first time since hearing the news, to cry.0o0o0o0o0o0The sun was setting, and I could feel my body already reacting to the approaching full moon. This would be the first transformation since my friends became Animagi that I would have to do on my own.I left the cottage and went deep into the surrounding forest. I pulled my clothes off, not wanting them to rip during the transformation as they were the only clothes I owned now, having left all my possessions behind. I stood in the night and waited for the moon to hit me. I watched through the leaves as it rose and when it was directly overhead, I felt the transformation begin. I began to tremble and I could feel my bones elongating. My skin was stretching past breaking point and I cried out in pain.When it was over, I raised my head to the sky, allowing my eyes to take in the fullness of the moon. I closed my eyes and howled. I was Remus no longer. Now, under the light of the full moon, I was Moony.0o0o0o0o0o0Eleven years and nine months later...0o0o0o0o0o0I awoke, naked, bleeding, trembling and alone, just as I had been for as long as I could remember. I slowly raised myself up and made my way back to where I had stashed my clothes. I pulled them on and slowly walked back to my cottage.When I arrived, I made myself some breakfast as usual and prepared for a day of mowing grass and fixing roofs just as I had done every day for over eleven years. It was summer and very hot, so I left my jacket in its place on the couch and locked the door to my cottage, tucking the key into my pocket. As I pushed it in, I felt it knock against another key, but I pointedly ignored its presence, not wanting to think about the reason why I had the second key.Mr. Brighton had an exciting day of chopping wood planned, wanting to get a head start on the winter supply of wood to burn for heat. I picked up my axe and began to swing at the lumber, retreating further and further back to myself with each swing, putting my awful night behind me, glad I wouldn't have to think about things for another month.0o0o0o0o0o0When I returned to my cottage that night, I skipped dinner and threw myself onto the bed, exhausted since I hadn't had a proper sleep the night before. I quickly fell into a dreamless sleep.I was roused very shortly after, however, by a strange tapping sound. It seemed to be coming from my window, so I looked over in that direction. To my utter shock, there was an owl pecking at my window.I hadn't had any contact with that world ever since I decided to leave it, and I tried to decide whether I should keep it that way. Curiosity winning out, I opened the window and allowed the owl to fly in. I untied the scroll from the owl's leg and began to read.To Remus Lupin,I understand that you have chosen to leave behind the world of wizards to life out your years in the Muggle world, but implore you to rethink this decision. Hogwarts is still in search of a Defence against the Dark Arts Professor and I ask if you would consider taking the position. Harry will be entering his third year and I am sure that you would like to see him. On another note, Sirius Black recently escaped from Azkaban prison. It is understood that his purpose is to find and kill Harry. I do not bring this up to influence your decision to return to Hogwarts, only because I feel that you deserve to know what is going on. I will give you some time to think about the offer, but I do need to know soon as a Defence teacher will be needed come September. Please do not simply wave away this offer. The wizarding world may not have changed much since you left it, but it is still your world and you have as much a right to live in it as the rest of us.Sincerely,Albus DumbledoreI stared at the letter for what seemed like hours before I managed to shake myself out of shock. I hadn't allowed myself to think about much since my decision to leave the wizarding world. I hadn't thought of Sirius or Harry in years and now that it had been brought to my mind, I found he couldn't push those thoughts away. I put the letter down on top of my nightstand and began pacing back and forth in the tiny room.Perhaps it was time. It had been almost twelve years; I had come to terms with James, Lily and Peter's fates. I had accepted that Sirius was a traitor, but maybe I still had a chance with Harry. Harry had always loved his 'Unca Moo'y' when I had visited all those years ago.Slowly, I pulled the second key out of my pocket and stared at it for a while. Eventually, I tentatively lowered it to the lock on the drawer. I inserted it and carefully turned the key in the lock. I heard and felt the click, and the drawer slowly rolled open.I stared at the contents warily, unsure if I really wanted to touch it, but finally, I reached in and picked up my wand. When I touched it, I felt an electric shock run through my arm and right through my entire body. It felt as though a part of myself that had been missing had finally been reunited with my body.I sighed to myself and then smiled. I wrote a quick reply on the back of the parchment and sent it back to Professor Dumbledore with the owl. Then I left the cottage and headed over to Mr. Brighton's cottage to tell him I would be leaving. I was going back to Hogwarts.Please don't forget to leave a review! If you have a suggestion of a character, let me know. If not, just let me know your thoughts on the chapter, because I'd love to hear from you.
