Chapter 1: Leaving HogwartsDisclaimer: I don't own anything. Thank Jo.A/N: Peter isn't going to be in this very much so if you want him to be please don't read this fic.She walked up to the winged horses herd and patted one on the nose. Her long red hair flowing in the wind. She knew them all by name. "Hey Daisy," she said to the black Pegasus. "I won't be seeing you for a while, you know. Well probably forever."She moved on to the buckskin one, her favorite. "Hey Bella," she said. "I can't stay with you anymore girl. I have to go move on with my life I suppose you can call it." She kissed the Pegasus's black nose lightly."I wish I could get some of that," someone said from behind her. She turned around to see none other than James Potter, her boyfriend. She smiled at him and put her arms around his neck."Too bad you can't have any til after graduation," she told him. His arms slid around her waist."Ah but you see Miss Lily Evans I am within my rights if I want to kiss you," James said."Not if I don't let you Mr. James Potter," Lily told him. "Besides if you do you won't get it later." She wiggled out of his grasp and turned back to the horse."See ya," she said and walked back to the castle. James followed her."So I don't get a kiss?" he asked. "Not even one?""Oh fine if it will make you shut up," she said then reached up and kissed him on the cheek."You call that a kiss?!" he asked."Yes I do actually," she said smiling at putting him out."You are lame woman," he mumbled."You weren't calling me lame last week when we were down by the lake," she retorted.He went red and looked down at the ground as they walked; she just laughed. As they rounded the corner she saw someone she didn't ever want to see again. Severus Snape had been her best friend until 5th year when he betrayed her and called her a mudblood. He looked at her shocked to see her but his eyes softened as he looked at her. James, on the other hand, just glared at Snape. Lily bit her lip in concentration as he looked at her. She suddenly turned and stormed away from both boys. She ran as fast she could to the common room but someone grabbed her arm pulling her around.James pulled her into his arms holding her tight. "Shh," he whispered. "It's ok. You don't have to worry about him as long as I'm around.""I-I know," she choked out, tears streaming down her face. He held her like that for a while before pulling back and sighing."You better go and get dressed for graduation," he told her. "As much as I want to come up and help you get dressed I can't get up those darned stairs."Lily just smiled and laughed. "Well that's too bad," she said drawing circles on his chest. "We have two hours until graduation and-""Ok love birds break it up!" a tall lanky boy called coming down from the boy's dormitory. Sirius Black was the teenage heartthrob of Hogwarts, right behind James. His curly black hair framing his sparkling grey eyes and smiling face. Girls were always trailing after him but he wasn't the kind to stay in a relationship for very long, if any at all. Lily never really liked Sirius but after she got to know him and started dating James, he wasn't so bad. He was even nice to her."What do you want Sirius?" James asked annoyed.Sirius faked a hurt face. "I thought you would at least be excited to see your best friend before graduation!" he said. "You know I could walk outside, get attacked by Death Eaters, and die then how would you feel?""I would say something nice at your funeral," James joked.Lily rolled her eyes and sighed. "I have to get dressed boys," she said. She kissed James for a few second before heading up the stairs.Lily watched as the Headmaster walked up on stage and smiled at everyone. She looked around the crowd and tried to spot James. She saw him a few rows in front of her. He winked at her when she caught his eye. Smiling she stuck her tongue out at her. "James Potter!" the headmaster called.James smiled and walked forward onto the stage and shook hands with Dumbledore before walking over to the other side of the stage. "Now I would like to introduce our Head Girl," he said. "Lily Evans!"Lily walked onto the stage smiling even wider. After shaking hands with Dumbledore she ran into James' arms. He hugged her and spun her around. Sirius soon walked over. "Hey calm down we are in front of the whole school," he said."Karen Moore!" Dumbledore said. Lily smiled clapping loudly. Karen was her best friend since 1st year. The girl had beautiful blue eyes and lovely black falling in ruffles behind her back.She ran over and hugged Lily tightly. "Nice job Moore," Sirius whispered. "I didn't think you were going to pass."Karen and Sirius had never really gotten along so Lily wasn't surprised when Karen stepped on his foot. "Opps was that your foot?" she asked.James rolled his eyes and Lily stood beside him holding his hand. After a while Remus walked up. She smiled at him and hugged him."Hey why didn't I get a hug?!" Sirius whispered indignantly."Because you were being rude about me and James early," Lily told him. Sirius just grunted and smiled his cocky smile.After all the Gryffindors were called up they started on the Slytherins. Lily froze on hearing the name Severus Snape. James squeezed her hand. "Hey relax ok," James whispered in her ear. "He won't do anything while I'm here."Lily just nodded. She hoped and prayed graduation would be over soon. She tried to look at Snape without him noticing.She spotted him among the crowd of people. He caught her eye and held it. A look appeared on his face. One of disgust, unhappiness, and- could it be? - sweetness. He smiled at her and she looked away. James would kill Snape if he saw, so she ignored him the rest of the time.Lily walked outside of Hogwart's castle with James, Sirius, Remus, and Karen. They were all laughing and joking for a bit but then they fell silent. "It's really over isn't it?" Sirius asked."Yes," Lily said pulling off her denim jacket revealing her freckled shoulders."Going to take off your shirt Evans?" Sirius asked."No but thanks for the complement Black," Lily said.James rolled his eyes. "When you're done flirting with my girlfriend can we talk about the future?" he asked."James Potter, since when do you think about the future?!" Lily asked."Since now," he said."Oh no he's going to turn into one of those guys who always plan ahead and never has any fun!" Sirius said."There's nothing wrong planning," Remus said."Right like I said you never have any fun," he said."Whatever," Remus said."We need to fight," Lily said suddenly. "We have to fight You-Know-Who!""Yeah I know we do but what are we going to do?" Remus asked."We go to Dumbledore," Lily said as quickly as he asked the question.
