This is my very first fanfiction, so please, bear with me. ***This is a story about FredXLunaXGeorge because I would love this trio, but when I searched for it, it didn't come up once. It is set after the war (Fred doesn't die in my story so :P) and George and Fred run Weasley's Wizard Wheezes and Luna runs the Quibbler in a shop across the street from the Weasley's. Neville and Luna did get married, but Neville died when a thief broke into his herbology shop and killed him. The story starts a month after his funeral.***Luna felt like she would never stop crying. It had been almost two months since her sweet, darling Neville had been killed by a random thief, yet she still felt like she was floating in a lake of despair. Sometimes she wondered if it was the nargles fault she was so sad. Thankfully, her father had agreed to run the Quibbler again for the last couple months since Neville had died. Today was the first day Luna went back to work, and she was afraid she would break down while there."Luna dear, are you ready?" Luna turned towards her father and started to tear up, "There, there, my sweet moon frog. I know it hurts now, but believe me when I say it gets better. I thought I would never get over your mother dying, but I did, with some help from my friends."I believe you daddy, it is just hard." Luna kissed her father's cheek and stepped back. "Watch out for the nargles while I'm gone daddy" Luna apparated to Diagon Alley and started to walk towards the Quibbler offices. She was lost in her thoughts when she bumped into two ginger boys carrying boxes."Oh dear, I'm sorry, I was watching the clouds change." Luna blinked a couple times and when the boys turned around she realized who she had bumped into. "Fred? George? Is that you? I haven't seen you since..." She trailed off. She had last seen them at Neville's funeral.George gave his boxes to Fred and gave Luna a sympathetic hug. "We understand Luna." Fred set the boxes on the ground and hugged Luna with George. "Are you back to work today Luna?""Yes, I am... I have an interesting story about nargles and sock stealing." Luna replied, her face slowly brightening from the sadness it had shown. "They only seem to steal the left one, isn't that strange?"Both twins gave her the same look of amusement. "We hate it when that happens." Both twins said with mock outrage. "Though I don't mind it as much since I can always steal Fred here's socks when he isn't watching." George winked at Luna. "Hey now, so you're the real culprit! I should have known you sneaky troll." Fred jokingly poked George.
