Prologue-The First MeetingAmy PovI came down to the bar at the hotel to meet Marcus; we worked together on a site here in Argentina. I was wearing this purple dress that I would normally not wear. It was an off the shoulders and had a short skirt that showed off my legs. We were celebrating that we found a whole wizarding village that dated back before the Europeans came over. The discovery could change history for the better. I ordered myself a drink, there was a black haired man sitting at the end of the bar. He gave me smile before the bartender gave me my drink.A native bird from Argentina came flying in, he landed next to me. There was a letter tied to his leg, I took it off of him. The bartender gave me a bird treat to give to the bird. I nodded my thanks and he flew off after he had the treat. I opened the letter, it was from Marcus."Love, I hate to do this but something came up."- MarcusI put the paper in a ball; I wanted to throw the ball at Marcus' full head of hair head with his dark eyes and easy smile. I don't like that I shaved my legs for tonight. I thought something was going to happen tonight, like sex. Marcus and I have been flirting since I started working there. He finally asked me out yesterday. I bought this dress just today when I went around the village. Now I just in this wasted dress on this wasted night. I ordered another drink."Was someone to meet you here?" I turned to see the black haired man that was sitting at the end of the bar. He was sitting next to me now. He had bright warm brown eyes; he had a smile on his face. His hair looked like he just rolled out of bed. He was a very handsome man. He wasn't from around here, it sounded like he was English. He was in this black suit. It was muggle, the suit looked like it was made for him, and he looked very good in it. He could make it work for him."Yeah, this guy from work," I pulled the ball of paper on the bar. "We were going out tonight but he canceled on me.""Then it's his fault that he can't see you in this dress because you are beautiful." I blushed."This old thing," I pretend to put my hair behind my ear."Before I continue to praise your beauty I should tell you my name. I'm James Potter." I think my face just stayed red."Amy Charles," I said."That is a beautiful name. Are there more beautiful women from where you are from? Where are you from?" James asked, he ordered us another drink."Phoenix, Arizona." I took a sip of my drink. He gave me a confused look. "That's in America." He had that 'oh' look on his face. I patted him on the knee. "A lot of foreigners give me the confused look."He put his hand on his chest, "I'm not a foreigner." I laughed."You must come from England with accent like that." James rolled his eyes like I caught him doing something bad. He put his hands up in defeat."You caught me. I was born and raised in England." I laughed and did something I would normally not do. I kissed him on the cheek."I forgive you." James grabbed my hand."Since your date cancel on you and my team left me to go out. I think I should take you to dinner." I nodded. James got up and held out his hand. He help me off the bar stool. He led out of the hotel, hailed a muggle cab.It was a small muggle restaurant where he took me. The place was packed but James got us a table right away. After we order I had to ask. "So you're on a team, what kind of team?"James took a drink of his wine before he answered. "I play with the England," He looked around the room before he said, "Quidditch team. We had a match today against Argentina." I nodded. "We won by the way. One more step towards the world cup.""That is great. Why aren't you with your team now?" I had asked."I had some business to take of in town." He said. I nodded. For most of the night we talked about nothing important, mostly about our jobs.James brought me back to the hotel and took me up to my room. I leaned up and kissed him on the lips. "Thank you for making my night better.""You're welcome. If you are ever in England look me up." James walked down the hall and left through the stairs. I closed my door. I went to my desk I grabbed a pen and paper and wrote to my friend, Lorcan Scamander."Lorcan,Everything is okay with me in Argentina but that not why I'm writing you. I met this English man named James Potter. I don't know if you know him but we had I great night with him. He made me feel special."I went on to tell Lorcan about the night I had.A/N: Sorry for the long wait for James' story. I didn't like what I had so I had someone else read it and they didn't like what I had. I rewrote everything. I'm finally putting it up. Thank you for all your patient. -sjt
