Welcome to my story Messalina! This is a work in progress so new chapters will come out sporadically. This is my first Harry Potter fanfic, any and all critism is welcome! Please review, favorite, or follow! And Messalina is pronounced Mess-a-lean-a and Lucien is Loose-In, and she looks like Meghan Ory.PrologueSirius was in the middle of his cold goodbyes with his family when his mother smiled tightly at something over his head and he turned around. "Guinevere, how pleasurable to see you again.""Walburga, it has truly been too long. This is my daughter Messalina, say hello dear." Sirius turned his attention from the skeletal woman in front of him to a girl who looked his age with long dark brown hair tied with a big white bow in the back. The girl, Messalina was dressed up like a porcelain doll with a Slytherin green dress on with a white fur wrapped around her shoulders and black shoes with white ruffled socks on. She looked miserable and swallowed nervously before turning to face the Black family."N-nice t-to meet you, I'm sure." She managed to say, seeming to recover from her stammering when her mother latched a bony hand tightly on her shoulder."She looks just like you when you were her age Guinevere, I wanted to try for a girl but it never happened. Little girls seem like they would be so much fun.""Messalina, we must be going." The tall brooding man barked out and the girl flinched and for a split second she looked terrified."Yes Father." She murmured, allowing a filthy house elf to pull her trunk onto the train. When Sirius was about to get on the train he had nearly forgotten the small girl until he saw her gazing sadly out a window in a compartment full of Malfoys, Blacks, Flints, and Notts. She honestly looked miserable as her almost black eyes looked across the platform and her gaze was almost to him when Lucius Malfoy said something that made her look away.The next time he saw her was at sorting and after he had been sorted to Gryffindor he was only listening for his new friends to be called but when Lucien, Messalina was called and the pretty doll-like girl walked up literally shaking and very pale it was so silent you could hear a pin drop. She sat down and looked stricken a moment later when the hat told her something and seemed to be getting more and more frightened as she sat up there before the hat opened its mouth. "GRYFFINDOR!"The girl looked terrified and told Professor McGonagall something but the stern looking woman shook her head and gave her a small push towards the silent table. Every eye watched as the girl walked to the very end of the table where no one was sitting and sat down alone, staring at the empty plate in front of her. Most people turned forward once again when Lupin, Remus walked up but she remained at the end of the table alone staring at her plate while tremors shook her body. But she wouldn't cry, no not now not when people could see her.The Prewett twins were lounging in front of the fire when the first years entered, and it was from there that they heard Sirius Black's words to the girl that they had both agreed was pretty when she went up to be sorted, even if she was a Lucien."Oi Lucien, your uncle's in Azkaban isn't he? Killed some muggleborns right? How many was it again? Fifteen?" He was asking the thin girl with long dark brown hair."Shut up Black, your family's no better." The girl managed to snap but after the prefect showed them their rooms the twins noticed the girl didn't returned to the common room like the rest of the first years.The other first year girls walked by whispering about something that made one girl with red hair gasp. "You mean her family would do that?""Yeah, and she's no better. She probably asked the Sorting Hat to put her here so she could spy on us." A girl with long blonde hair stated matter of factly.The twins had forgotten about the girl until the next morning when she entered as one of the last and sat alone at the end of the table scowling at her plate for a long time before she began to eat the bare minimum. When the mail began to arrive, an elegant black owl perched itself beside her a letter held in its mouth.Fabian noticed rather quickly that she was shaking as she took the letter from the owl and opened it. Her mouth began to quiver as she read its contents before she closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Her composure regained, the girl had a look of perfect pure-blooded stoicness on her face. She finished her piece of toast, picked up her timetable and walked away calmly but when the great hall's doors closed again the twins could hear someone running.Muggleborns whispered about her to their pure-blooded friends who told them that her family was 'no good blood obsessed gits' and no one looked at the lonely girl. Slytherins taunted her in the halls but she never made a comment or anything in retaliation. She deserved it, she couldn't blame them, she was a blood-traitor even if she had thought she would never even speak to one. The Sorting Hat had said that her future awaited her in Gryffindor, so she must have been set up for failure.It went on like that for three weeks, the girl was always alone, being taunted by older kids and even some other first years. Besides meals and passing in the halls and the common room, the Prewetts almost never saw her."Why doesn't she ever smile?" Fabian asked as the girl in question walked up to her dormitory, a few second years laughing at her. Gideon looked up from his essay to glare at his brother."You've never said two words to the girl, why do you even care?""Dark times my brother, dark times.""Why would that even make a difference?" Fabian merely shook his head in response and stared off into the distance. Rolling his eyes, Gideon focused on his potions essay. "You just think she's a pretty. An ickle first year.""Do not!""Oi Lucien! Why is a piece of filth like you in our common room? You should be in the bloody Death Eaters'! There's a nice spot reserved for you, only the best dementors for scum like you." A second year boy sneered at the girl as she stoically walked past him and his friends. The group of four boys that would become the marauders looked up and James and Sirius snorted and continued with their essays, Peter following their lead but Remus watched for a moment his heart breaking knowing that if anyone found out what he was it would be him being tortured.Just as he was about to say something to his friends, the Prewett twins came down the stairway and stood in front of the girl. She visibly tensed, she was surrounded by older boys who could hurt her more ways than one."Stop it." She was shocked and it showed on her face when Fabian barked it out. The second years were too because they stopped walking towards her."Leave her alone." Gideon snapped and the boys snorted at them but walked away anyway and Gideon turned to the girl and in his voice softened. "You okay?"She nodded and as she walked away, faintly whispered 'thanks' so quietly they almost didn't hear it.
