Hey Guys! This is my First Fanfic so please read and please review, as pointers are helpful. This is the first chapter and I hope its okay, let me know!DISCLAIMER: All I own is Phoebe Dillon and her additions to the original story. This is my interpretation as to how the characters act (If they seem out of character at all Review to keep me on track) J.K. Rowling owns all else!I, Phoebe Dillon fluttered on to the platform with minutes to spare, gave a hasty kiss goodbye to my mother and brother, and flung myself onto the train just as the whistle blew to signal its exit from platform 9 . I wasn't expecting such a rushed departure, but that's life, it just gets away from you at times. I straightened out my shirt and ran my fidgety hands through my messy auburn hair, letting out a sigh, the train was underway and clicking me closer to home. Hogwarts; it was my fifth year at the wonderful school and I could still recall my first train ride with vivid detail. Young and awestruck I'd never even dreamt of a place where young witches and wizards all over Brittan could learn magic. Being a half-blood I knew of magic, but had never met anyone besides my mum who could do it."Move your bloody arse!" a Slytherin sixth year pushed past my roughly, muttering a few choice words as he did so. "Tosser" I muttered as I hauled my trunk down the corridor of the train searching for a compartment, and my boys.I was of course referring to the four boys that I had been best mates with ever since our chance meeting in first year. Yes my boys, the marauders; with their chaotic nature and relentless joking. I felt right at home with them since I too had a charismatic boldness and impulsive tendencies- no doubt how I wound up in Gryffindor- The boys always found trouble even when they weren't looking, and so on a fateful day in first year they stumbled upon a young mischievous me and our bond was formed.'Enough with the memory lane' I thought to myself. Blowing my hair out of my face with a harsh exhale I kept moving. Upon hearing a crash at the end of the corridor, and then a bark like laugh that was undeniably Sirius, I quickened pace and entered the compartment."Oi! Cut that out!" Peter cried, flailing about in an attempt to push James off of him"Come on Pete you've got to do better than that" Sirius taunted clearly enjoying watching his best mate mess with his other best mate. At this point James had Peter pinned and a gob of spit was dangerously close to his face. Remus sat quietly reading a book, clearly not engaging himself in this particular tussle."I've been standing here for ages, am I really that unnoticeable." I drawled. The boys all looked up."Pheebs! We were wondering where you were! How was your summer?" They all said at once."Christ boys settle down, I'm only one girl!" I teased, "It was lovely Remus thanks for asking, and my god James get your fat arse off Peter, He'll suffocate!" At that James scowled and got up " I don't have a fat arse!" James said haughtily. Yet I saw him check his behind before sitting back down. "How was all your summers boys", I asked."Mine went smoothly, excluding the Full Moons I had a really relaxing break" Remus replied."Boring! Moony where's your sense of adventure, Padfoot and I had loads of fun over break. Qudditch everyday, prank planning every night!" James exclaimed."Yeah, I finally managed to ditch my parents! You're looking at a free man!" Sirius said with his arms spread and a smirk. "Yeah a free man who crashes at his mates all summer and then goes to boarding school" James quipped."Alright, alright, Prongs wait until you're married to belittle his achievements please" Remus sighed, always the peacekeeper. I glanced at each of my boys; they had all notably grown over the summer and my five foot self was stunted in comparison. Remus was now tallest, followed by Sirius and closely behind him was James, Peter was on my end of the scale. They had also, admittedly, gotten quite good looking. Sirius' hair was longer and framed his face quite nicely, bringing the attention to his stormy grey eyes and aristocratic structure, he seemed to have gotten quite toned most likely from all the summer qudditch with James. Speaking of, James as always had unruly black hair, which he would mess up when nervous, his hazel eyes held a glint of daring and his slender frame had bulked up a bit due to quidditch. Remus had not only grown taller but had gained a bit of muscle as well, he looked much the same with sandy brown hair that fell into his eyes as he read, his grey-green eyes were the same colour as the creamy coffee I had failed to drink during my rushed breakfast. Peter had finally grown into his nose and ears as well as getting taller and losing his baby fat, his light blond hair was cut short and no longer fell into his brown eyes. They had all changed so much over the summer, I had missed seeing them everyday and now all at once here they are, all grown up. I must admit this thought got me slightly teary and I had just welled up a bit, but then I remembered that James was spitting on Peter when I arrived and the tears miraculously stopped. They may look grown up, I thought, but they're still halfwits."We're nearly there now" Remus mused, "we should get our robes on"."Alright then Dillon out of the compartment" James ordered"Unless you'd rather stay and watch the show" Sirius added cockily with a suggestive eyebrow wiggle. "I'd rather keep my breakfast down thanks", I retorted while grabbing my stuff and leaving the compartment.On my way back to the compartment I ran into a certain sniveling slimeball, and of course where there is slime there is Evans. In all fairness I never made a snap judgment towards Severus Snape, he simply isn't a nice guy. In fact he's a down right git to everybody but Evans and even more despicable towards James, Sirius, and I. I suppose it doesn't help that we prank him every chance we get and make a point to accentuate how greasy he is. Back in first year I was making a potion and instead of putting the snakeskin in before the lacewings I reversed the order, the potion bubbled up and spilt all over his books. I was apologizing profusely but he called me a blithering idiot and hexed me so that my mouth was glued shut. After that I hated the filthy scum and couldn't truly like Evans because of the way she defended him. So, as I passed by them I gave Lily Evans a polite nod and tried my hardest to ignore Snivellus but the git nudged me roughly as I walked by and I fell into the glass door of the compartment. My nose hit first and a sickening crunch had me suspecting a break. The boys all rushed out of the compartment and blood was streaming down from my nose and onto my new school robes. I held my muggle shirt up to my nose and glared daggers at Snape. Lily of course was franticly trying to help and apologizing for the "Accident". Sirius was furious, James was also fuming and, to my surprise completely ignoring Lily, instead focusing on Snape for attacking me. Peter was at the door to the compartment fully supportive, just not in action. As I was holding my broken nose with my blood soaked shirt Remus went to action."Here use this" he said, holding up his muggle shirt, "It's cleaner, that's it, now tilt your head back it'll slow the blood flow. There you go" After I'd been taken care of he rounded on Snape, who was being chewed up by Sirius."What the bloody hell was that for you immense git!" Remus spat."It was just an accident, he didn't mean to push her!" Lily insisted getting quite upset now. "Shut up Evans, of course he meant to, he's a fucking bastard" Sirius replied venomously "What is your problem Snape? Didn't like your big hooked nose so you decided to break hers.""I simply bumped her. It was completely accidental I assure you" Severus drawled, not a glimpse of remorse; in fact, a rather smug look of triumph donned his bitter features."Oh yeah, if it was an accident why are you so bloody pleased with yourself" James fumed."Potter back off, I'm sure he's sorry" Lily spat."No Lily you back off quit defending him. He is not a bloody saint! Let's go guys, It's not fucking worth it." James stalked back to the compartment and left a fuming yet astonished Lily Evans in his wake. Sirius wasn't leaving that easily; he walked up to Snape and got menacingly close, "and if you touch my mate again I'll drown you in the black lake and claim that was an accident, got it." He turned into the compartment with a death glare clouding his features. Remus followed after him pushing me along with a hand at the small of my back. "Don't mess with her", he called back to Snape, "or you'll deal with us."
