Neville's POVI was being transferred to the Auror office in America. I needed a fresh start. I was leaving a few days after my birthday. We were celebrating before I left."Don't forget to write us." my friend Ginny told me."Not to worry, Gin.""Especially if you find yourself a new girl." Ron said.Harry and Ginny hit Ron."Excuse my tactless best friend, Neville."I just shrugged. The story of my last relationship is a story for another time."We're going to miss you Neville." Luna said."Yes we are." Hermione agreed.I smiled it's great to have friends. Ever since my Gran died, I've really needed them. My parents were still alive but they didn't remember me. I packed up and left. I settled in my flat for the day. I didn't start working until the next day. The next morning I got up, got dressed, ate breakfast and apparated to the American Ministry. I noticed that America was a lot more relaxed in the sense that muggles knew about wizards and didn't really care. I walked into the Head Auror's office."Hello, Mr. Longbottom." said the portly head auror."Hello, Mr. " I suddenly blanked out on his name. Curse my bad memory."It's Johnson." he filled in.I nodded."So, how do like America so far?" he asked."It's different.""You'll get used to it."Before I could respond there was a knock on the door."Come in."A girl with golden brown hair walked in."Oh, I didn't realize someone else was in here with you."He shrugged it off and said "This is our newest transfer from across the pond.""Oh, you're from England.""Yes, I am." I said shyly I was always shy around girls."And he's your new partner.""Alright." she smiled.I smiled at her."She's one of our best."The girl blushed Gryffindor red."Why don't you go introduce everyone to him.""Okay."We left the office."I didn't catch your name.""I'm Neville Longbottom.""Oh, nice to meet you Neville, I'm Delaney Romero.""You too."We continued talking."So, I noticed you also have a slight English accent.""Yeah, I was born in England actually but moved here before I could attend Hogwarts.""Oh.""I take it you went to Hogwarts?""Yes, I was a Gryffindor."She smiled and said "I probably would've been a Hufflepuff."I nodded in agreement. She seemed like a Hufflepuff. She introduced me to the rest of the aurors. It was a smaller force than in London and very close knit. The day continued. I wrote to everyone a few days into my stay. Delaney and I bonded as partners and friends rather quickly. She was really smart but also relaxed."There's an owl for you, Neville."I looked up to see a beautiful white owl. It's Hedwig. Harry's owl. Delaney handed me the letter."Everything okay at home?""Yes, two of my friends are coming to visit.""Oh, that's great.""They should be here in a few days."She nodded."You're invited to meet them if you want."She shrugged and said "Maybe, I'll come."I nodded. I wrote Harry back. I was glad the him and Hermione were coming to visit. It was a few nights later and there was a knock on the door.
