okay, this is my first fanfiction so please be nice and R and Reverything belongs to our queen J.K Rowlingthanks :) and next chapters will be longerAs i sit up I feel like lead and my head is pounding as if I were standing right next to a drum kit being played. Then I realise, it's silent, calm and quiet with no screams of agony and no shouting of spells. As I open my eyes I see a sight that just doesn't fit, there aren't any dead bodies, no students, death eaters or order members.I jump up and run through the corridors and for once don't understand what's happened. The castle isn't in pieces. I run as fast as I can and trust me, after living on the run for almost a year, you can run fast. Running head down straight through the castle all I can think is, what happened to harry, ginny, Ron, luna, Neville, Fred...Fred and George... I always gave them a hard time but they were amazingly talented, and truth be told I had had a crush on Fred since fourth year, he sat in the common room with me every night and when I fell asleep he would just bring down a blanket and pillow from his room for me...As I'm running I bump into someone but strong lean arms stop me from falling. I see the messy black hair and and silly round glasses and my first instinct kicks in and and my arms around harry in the blink of an eye. He hold me as I whisper about it all being over and that no one can get us now, that's when he pulls always and wipes the tears from my eyes."It's going to be fine, no one can get you now..." He whispers staring me in the eyes and that's when it happens. Harry has green eyes, this boy, this boy has hazel eyes. I look behind him and see three boys I differently know, but they shouldn't be this young...Looking between two of them I whisper quietly "sirius, remus you're alive!" Then my eyes focus on th short one with beady eyes. The boy holding my is shocked but can sense I'm angry and wraps his arms around me but I break free screaming "don't trust him just don't! His one of them! Don't you see!" And at the point everything went black...
