A/N: My name, unfortunately, is not J.K. Rowling. Therefore I did not invent this marvelous place called Hogwarts, therefore I have no rights to this story except for the plot and my own characters. Hey guys!It's that time of year again (aka NaNoWriMo) and I've decided to do a fanfic this year, because I have too many originals lying around and waiting for my attention anyway. Whoops. But on the bright side, this DOES mean that I will be able to upload a new chapter every single night! Yes! (If I do not, it will mean that I did not do my planned writing for the day and then you can come and kick my ass into gear.)So if you know any of my stories, you know that I don't do besotted and fangirling all that well. My characters usually hate their potentional love interest and then end up falling in love with their prince Charming. So this is all new to me too, but I absolutely love the idea I have for this story. If I get it down the way I imagine it, it will be one of my best fics yet! Full synopsis:I just don't understand these boys. Just last week they were acting like they were going to elope with each other and today they're in this big fight that nobody knows anything about. Which under normal circumstances might not be something to worry about, but we're talking about the Marauders. And when those rebels fight, fangirls cry and teachers take a breath of fresh air. "You don't mind, me sitting here, do you?" I looked up and found my crush staring down at me. "I - erh, what?" Sirius Black winked at me. "Good. Don't need bloody James anyway. Hi," he said, turning to me as he sat down, "be my new best friend?" Don't judge me, but I might - kind of - have fainted a tad bit.I hope you enjoy and please leave me your thoughts and suggestions!As always with love,KellyChapter 1Nants ingonyama bagithi Baba (Here comes a lion, Father)Sithi uhm ingonyama (Oh yes, it's a lion)~The Circle of Life - Lion King OSTThe school was buzzing. Nobody really knew why or what had happened, but the Marauders hadn't entered the Great Hall together this morning. Normally I wouldn't even have noticed such a thing, but that was before the fangirls started muttering his name."Why isn't Sirius with them?" I heard Annabelle, a fellow Gryffindor, ask her best friend softly.My head snapped up and my eyes immediately found the Marauders, as if a magnetic force was pulling them there. It was an accurate enough description of the Marauders, to be honest. They were always pulling pranks, fooling around with girls but never dating them and sassing the teachers. I'm sure that if you asked every student here in Hogwarts what they thought of the Marauders they would either say that the Marauders are the heart of the school (the girls) or great mates to have (the boys). Both are correct descriptions of course, although I do tend to side with the girls' view of things.I mean... It's not like I could ever see any of them as a mate. You need to be able to talk to your mates, right? The last time Remus Lupin asked for a quill I burst into anxious tears and that was in third year.Not that it was his fault, really. I mean, it's not his fault that his mother died a week later. You see, I'm a banshee and it's kind of my fate to know these things. My dad used to call it a gift that Merlin at some point in his life bestowed upon us. I believe my theory is more likely. One of my ancestors probably pissed off the great wizard and Merlin must have decided that he was done with his pigheadedness and cursed his arse to kingdom come so he could see only death. (I always imagine it to be a him, because there's nothing like a stubborn male to bring all the curses to the yard, so to speak.)Anyway. As I was saying it wasn't really Lupin's fault that I felt his sorrow over his mother's passing. The whole 'shrieking like a banshee' phrase is totally exaggerated by the way. I only scream when the person I'm looking at is going to die in the foreseeable future. I can also feel it when somebody you love is about to die, hence the crying about Lupin's mother, someone I had never met before in my life. It is not like I'm screaming my head off every few seconds or anything.I sighed and shook my head. My thoughts were taking it a bit on the macabre side of things and it was only eight o'clock on a Monday morning.I guided my thoughts back to the drama at hand as I stared at the Marauders. We would never be mates, I thought sadly. Not because they still think I'm a bit loony, because let's face it everybody here thinks I'm a lunatic, but mostly because it just wouldn't do to befriend people. What would they do when they found out about what I was?It was better to save myself the heartache, honestly.Again with the macabre thoughts, I thought a bit depressed with myself. I looked away from the group and decided to focus on Annabelle's conversation instead.Apparently the Marauders had had this huge fight Saturday night, but nobody really knew what it had been about.I frowned. The Marauders rarely fought, they were inseparable. I mean, last week they would have eloped together and now they were fighting? When the Marauders fought, fangirls cried and teachers had the chance to breathe a little. A lot of drama about something that was absolutely none of their business, if you asked me.What interested me now, however, was that Sirius Black was not among their group of merry pranksters.As if my thoughts had summoned him, Sirius Black strode into the Great Hall with his head raised high. His eyes hesitated a second when he saw his friends obviously ignoring him. His powerful stride never wavered though and my heart may have fluttered a little.Oh hush, I know how much of a clich I am, thank you very much. It's just... the ignored and friendless 6th year Gryffindor was lusting after the heartthrob of the school. Boohoo. How very James Potter of me, I thought, seeing as Potter was the only other person who was completely besotted with someone who couldn't care less about him.Maybe I should lay my affections elsewhere. James Potter and I were obviously soul mates.No matter how much my brain was disgusted with my heart, my eyes never left the handsome wizard. His eyes scanned the table and I cut my eyes to my food before he could see me looking at him. Right. Back to minding my own business it is, I thought with a little huff.I shoved my food away and was just about to get up and leave the Great Hall, when Sirius Black stopped. Right. Next. To. Me.I blinked. I looked around me, but besides Annabelle and her best friend there wasn't anyone around this part of the Gryffindor table. I frowned at that. I shrugged and just figured he wanted to talk to Annabelle. I grabbed my bag, but stopped when Black coughed.I looked up and found him staring at me. I may have stopped breathing for a second there. Maybe this is just me being another clich, but I completely froze."Hi," Sirius Black said with a small smile. "Do you mind if I sit here?"I blinked. I - He - We - "What?"He apparently took that as permission as he gave me a wink and sat his ass down next to mine. "Don't need no bloody James anyway," he muttered to himself. "Want to be my new best friend?"I heard Annabelle hitting her friend vaguely, but didn't pay any attention to her as I stared into Sirius Black's grey eyes. Did he just ask me to replace James Potter? "I - why?"He seemed a bit thrown by the question, but answered after a few heartbeats anyway. "Because I want to be friends with you.""Do you even know my name?" I asked him incredulously, finally coming to my senses. A little. I stared at his hands and wondered if he had ever played an instrument. He certainly had the long, graceful fingers for it. Who knew what those hands were capable of. I felt a blush creep on my cheeks and quickly steered my thought to safer topics. Okay, so maybe I took the definition of coming to one's senses a bit broadly. Sue me."Of course, I do. You're Evans' friend."That would be Lily Evans. Lily has been called the brightest witch of her age by several of our teachers and if there was ever such a thing as a golden girl, then Lily Evans would be her. Her fiery red hair that barely reached past her shoulders was always worn in a high ponytail. Her green eyes could spit fire as easily as they could twinkle with laughter. Lily Evans was one tough cookie and was just as much of a loner as I was, especially after her big fight with Snape last year. Maybe that's why most people thought we were friends, since we sat next to each other for most classes... But honestly, I barely knew the girl. I knew she hated James Potter, who madly fancied her. I knew she disliked being called a Mudblood and that Severus Snape, Slytherin and also a 6th year, still made her cry at night, but that was something I knew more because we shared a dorm than because we were close friends.I had no idea how you even behaved with your friends. Did you hover? Did you not talk to them until they talked to you? It was seriously complex and I kind of liked my life of solitude."Barely," I said, a bit more snappish than I intended. "But what is my name?"He stared at me and seemed genuinely sorry that he couldn't remember. It wasn't all that weird, really. I doubted Annabelle would know my name any better than he did, but still. It just proved how much of a James Potter I really was with just one big difference... At least Lily knew his name."I'm Nika," I told him softly, taking pity on him when his eyes glanced back to his friends."Hi, Nika," Sirius Black whispered back, "I'm Sirius."I laughed at that and was secretly damn proud that it wasn't a giggle. "I know who you are, Mr Black. I do have a question for you though." Ah, why the hell not. What else was I doing with my life anyway?Sirius looked at me with those big grey eyes of his. Why did he have those ridiculous long lashes anyway? It isn't even fair, I thought distractedly. "And what would that be, Nika?"I smiled when he said my name. I liked it and wanted him to say it again. "Will you be my friend?"Sirius nudged me and winked. "Yes, if you give me your toast."I snorted at that. "Sure, enjoy." I shoved my plate towards him and he dug in without another word. I exchanged a what-the-fuck-look with Annabelle. She raised an eyebrow and I shrugged. Hell if I knew what was happening to my life right now."So want to tell me what this is all about?" I asked after he had eaten about half the table's food. Where did he put all of that anyway?"No," Sirius shrugged, before grabbing an apple and biting a huge chunk out of it."You sure?" I asked slowly, looking at the murderous looks James Potter was sending our way. Honestly, what was up with these boys? Aren't they supposed to be best friends? Inseparable and friends till death do them part and all that nonsense? No?Sirius Black gave me a look and I put my hands up in the air to show that I was unarmed. Alright, no asking about the crazy, angry friends. I grabbed my bag from the ground again and stood up."Where are you going?" he asked me with a frown as I tried to ignore all the stares, digging holes in my head.I gestured around the half empty Hall. "Class. It's what I am here for," I said slowly, grabbing my bag and shaking it a little. "I study here."Sirius gave me an amused smile at that. "As do I, friend." He grabbed another apple and took another bite from the first one."Aren't you full yet?" I asked, before my brain could put a stop to it.Sirius gave me another one of those smiles. "I am a growing boy, Nika. I'm never full."If he said so. I gave him another speculative look, before marching out of the Great Hall and right past the other Marauders. Nobody spared Sirius a glance, except Remus who looked up quickly only to look away again.What was going on?Edited on 14/03/2014
