Lily and James Potter were in the hospital wing at Hogwarts with Madame Promfrey as the midwife on a warm July evening. It was dark times with Voldemort trying to kill everybody. They knew that they were being targeted because they were in the Order of the Phoenix, a secret order that defied Voldemort. The reason they were in the hospital wing was that Lily was about to give birth to their first child and had just gone into labor.James was sitting in a chair by Lily's bedside, the curtains were drawn around them but they could hear their friends outside of it. Madame Promfrey came in. "All right Lily you are fully dilated now so push," lectured Madame Promfrey. Lily pushed and screamed. "Breathe Lils," James coached. "If you think you are such an expert, why don't you do it?" Lily whispered fiercely. She tightened her hold on James's hand and pushed again. "Good job Lily just one more push," came Madame Promfrey's voice. "Good Job? She nearly broke my hand, and you're telling her congratulations?" James asked faintly. "Oh, shut up," Lily breathed out. Lily was exhausted and had to take a few minutes to breathe. From outside the curtain came Sirius's voice, "Geez would you hurry up already Lily. We don't have all night." Lily screamed in outrage, "Sirius I am going to neuter you if I so much as hear another peep out of you." Then she pushed once more. Everybody could hear the baby's cries as it came into the world. Madame Promfrey cleaned the baby and wrapped the baby in a blanket. "Congratulations it's a baby girl," She said while handing the baby to the new mother. Lily took her daughter and looked down at her. "She's perfect," Lily said proudly. James gently picked up his daughter and held her with a grin on his face that went from ear to ear. Madame Promfrey opened the curtains and all of their friends crowded in.Sirius, Remus, Minerva, Albus, Filius, and Pomona rushed over to the bed to see the baby. Missing was Frank and Alice Longbottom and Peter. Alex was at home resting because she had just given birth the day before and nobody knew where Peter was but assumed he wasn't there because of his job.Lily asked, "So what do think you guys think?""I think she's beautiful," Remus answered.Sirius mimed that he couldn't talk."Oh fine. You can talk now, you idiot," Lily said to Sirius"Finally! I thought I was going die not being able to talk, but better to die than to be neutered by Lily's severing charm," Sirius said melodramatically.James asked, "So Padfoot will you be godfather?"Sirius looked like a gaping fish."Are you sure you want this big of an idiot to be the godfather to our daughter," Lily joked.Sirius finally rediscovered speech. "You really want me to be godfather to your daughter?" he asked amazed."Well, yes, because you are like my brother, my very best friend, and Lily agrees even if she isn't showing it right now," replied James, "So will you?""Yes," answered Sirius looking honored.Lily told the rest of their friends that Alice was going to be godmother. "She made me godmother to Neville so I'm making her godmother to our daughter."Everybody was dying to know so Remus asked, "So what's the baby's name?"They all waited with baited breath before Lily finally answered, "Rose Lily Potter. We chose a flower name because I wanted to follow tradition. On my mother's side all the girls are named after flowers and James chose the middle name.""She looks just like her mom," explained James. He handed Rose to Sirius so he could hold his goddaughter. While Sirius was holding Rose, she opened her eyes. Sirius glanced down, "Merlin!" he exclaimed.Lily and James looked over at him with questioning glances. "James you weren't quite right with your earlier statement," Sirius remarked."What!" exclaimed James, "Does she have my eyes?""No," replied Sirius."Then what in the name of Merlin do you mean she doesn't look exactly like Lily?!" asked James exasperated."Yeah Sirius, could you be a little more specific?," Lily asked impatiently.Sirius handed Rose back to James. James looked down and found himself gazing at a pair of ocean colored eyes. "Merlin!" he exclaimed."What?" demanded Lily. James just passed Rose to her. Lily looked down and saw her daughter's eyes. "Huh. How did that happen?"Everybody else was curious and demanded to know what was happening. Lily passed Rose to Remus who then was passed to Minerva, who then passed her to Filius, who then passed her to Pomona, who then passed her to Albus, who then passed her to James. Remus asked, "James, Lily you don't have anyone in your family with that color of eyes?""No," they both replied."They are beautiful though," Minerva said with a sniffle. "They remind me of the ocean."After hours of every one holding Rose and paying attention to her everyone finally left the new parents to sleep.A week later..The Potters were walking up to meet Albus in the Headmaster's office. He had requested they meet him.As soon as they knocked he called out for them to come in and had them take a seat. Dumbledore wasted no time getting started, "James, Lily I must urge you to go into hiding. I'm afraid Voldemort will target you. He heard a prophecy. One of his spies was listening outside the door at the Hog's Head when I went to see an applicant for the post of Divination teacher, though it was against my inclination to allow the subject of Divination to continue at all. The applicant, however, was the great-great-granddaughter of a very famous, very gifted Seer, and I thought it common politeness to meet her. I was disappointed. It seemed to me that she had not a trace of the gift herself. I told her, courteously I hope, that I did not think she would be suitable for the post. I turned to leave when she went into a real trance and gave a true prophecy. The spy only heard part of it but I'm afraid he will target you."What is the prophecy?" inquired James."The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... and the Dark Lord will mark her as his equal, but she will have power the Dark Lord knows not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives ... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies ...""So Voldemort is going to try to kill our daughter just because of some stupid prophecy?" Lily asked angrily."I am afraid so. Voldemort will set much store by this. He won't want someone out there who could defeat him so he will try to kill Rose setting the prophecy into play," answered Albus sadly."How shall we go into hiding, Albus?" asked Lily worriedly."I would recommend the Fidelius Charm. The Fidelius Charm is an immensely complex spell involving the magical concealment of a secret inside a single, living soul. The information is hidden inside the chosen person, or Secret Keeper, and is henceforth impossible to find  unless, of course, the Secret Keeper chooses to divulge it. As long as the Secret Keeper refuses to speak Voldemort could search the entire village for years and never find you. Just make sure it is someone you trust inexplicably," answered Albus.Lily and James got up and went home to their house in Godric's Hollow. They decided to ask Sirius to be the secret keeper, but Sirius told James that he would be the obvious choice to go with Peter that way Voldemort would target Sirius instead and they would have no chance on getting the secret out of him. So they made Peter there secret keeper. Peter told Voldemort their location one week after they made him their secret keeper and Voldemort went to James and Lily's home. Killing James first, then Lily, but next he tried to kill Rose but the curse rebounded and hit Voldemort instead killing him.Or so it would seem
