Sticky SituationA/N: Hollla! New story for y'all. Just as a precursor:It is NaNoWriMo! :) if you don't know what that is, shame on you! Whatever, basically if you do you know that I'm writing a novel in a month. Therefore, that means that most of my fanfiction is getting neglected. A necessary evil, I assure you. However, I have the first couple chapters of this written so I decided to just post it to tide you over.Summary: It all started with a party. Then a drink, then two drunks. They woke up the next morning, naked and married. Okay, so an annulment is easy enough to get. That is, until two months later Hermione finds out she's pregnant. She flees to America, pregnant and alone. When she returns five years later with her son, a lot has changed. What will she do when her new partner is none other than Draco Malfoy? This is one sticky situation.Disclaimer: Believe me, if I owned anything of this size, I sure as hell would not be writing here. ...Pain.It came in two forms. The first was the most immediate. A throbbing, fiery pain in her skull. It was like a hammer of death beating God Save the Queen against her cranium. Hermione thought about opening her eyes, but something had glued them shut. She rolled over and moaned as she was aware of the other pain. Her body, especially her nether regions, were sore. What the bloody hell had happened last night? Reluctantly, Hermione sat up. It was then she was aware of the heavy arm draped across her bare stomach. She blinked a few times as the blurry room swam in."Argh." Hermione gasped as the sunlight burned her eyes. She covered them quickly. Her eyes adjusted and she looked around the unfamiliar room. She also noticed she was naked from the top up, only a tiny pair of lacy panties on.Uncomfortably, she reached over and picked up a white button down shirt. It obviously belonged to the nameless and faceless man under the duvet next to her. She shook her head at her foolishness. Hermione Granger was not a one night stand kind of girl. She wasn't a prude, but she sure as hell didn't like random sex. In fact, she had just lost her virginity the summer before to her ex boyfriend Ron.She slunk off the bed, the vertigo hit hard, then went into the bathroom. Her reflection shocked her and she moaned again. Her hair was completely awry, it was fighting heavily against the updo it had been last night. She touched the purple and black crescents under her eyes, a mixture of lack of sleep and pooled makeup. There were several love bites peppering her neck and the valley between her breasts. She glanced around the still unfamiliar hotel bathroom and spotted a packaged toothbrush and paste. She splashed water on her face, pulled her hair into a semi-ponytail, brushed her teeth, then left the bathroom. Hermione had all thoughts of slipping out undetected, but then she saw it.A shrill scream echoed throughout the hotel room walls. It bounced and the figure under the duvet roused slightly. A rumbling groan penetrated the scream. Hermione stood still, her body frozen with fear. Her left hand was raised in front of her face and she was whispering something inaudible.The figure under the covers sat up, letting the sheets fall from his head and down his back. Hermione managed to look past her hand and saw a head of platinum blonde hair. It was eerily familiar. Hermione refocused on her ring while the man sat, not facing her. He, unlike her, was completely naked. He bent down, giving Hermione a full view, and pulled on a pair of boxer shorts."You have my shirt." He drawled.Hermione screamed again and the man turned around. His jaw dropped and he stood up quickly."Granger?" Draco Malfoy shouted. He looked completely bewildered.Hermione silently held her left hand even higher. Uselessly, she pointed to the remarkably cheap gold band around her finger. Malfoy looked down and saw a matching one on his own hand."What the fuck?" He growled.Hermione sunk to the floor, her hand grabbing fists of her hair. "This cannot be happening. No. It's impossible." She muttered frantically. Malfoy walked over to her and grabbed her hand, none too gently."Thank Merlin," He said with a gust of air. Hermione lifted her head up and shot him a nasty look."What on Earth are you happy about?" She screeched, pulling her hand back. Hermione stood up and went to the bed. She noticed the clock read about ten thirty. It would be a wonder if the Weasley's weren't worried."I'm happy that," He drawled. "I didn't give you the Malfoy ring. In the event that I did you would never be able to take it off. Apparently I was intoxicated enough that I thought a muggle wedding ring was suitable. Lucky us.""So we can fix this?" Hermione affirmed. She looked positively frightened. "Because I cannot be married. To you know less. It's one thing to have bloody sex with you, but married! I couldn't keep that a secret."He smirked and examined his hands. "So we're on the same page? No one has to know about this. Ever."Hermione nodded. It seemed easy enough. She turned around and gathered up her things."Where's my dress?" She asked curiously. The mysterious red silk was absent. Malfoy offered a helpless shrug of his shoulders. She pursed her lips and told him she was keeping his shirt. He didn't care. Personally, he couldn't fathom how he managed to bed Granger of all people. A shirt wasn't a big deal, given the circumstances.Hermione picked up her shoes, clutch, and wand then apparated out. She appeared uneasily at the top of the stairs in the Burrow."Hermione?" sputtered a familiar voice. Hermione's head shot up and her brown eyes met a pair of green ones, behind circular lenses."Harry!" She chirped awkwardly. "Uh, hi?""Where have you been?" He asked accusingly. He eyed her up and down, taking in her scanty outfit. He also noticed that the white button down she was sporting was both mens and expensive looking. He could tangibly smell the cologne it was soaked in."Uh, I-er..." She blushed fiercely. "I have to go."Then she ducked into her shared room with Ginny, who was absent. She let out a long sigh and immediately ripped off the shirt. She stood there, her bare chest rising and falling steadily. How the hell had last night happened? She closed her eyes and tried to recall the fuzzy memories, but nothing appeared. All she remembered was dancing, drinking, and laughing. A hand, a suggestion, then a walk. That was the last of it.The Christmas holiday's faded quickly and it was time to return to Hogwarts. Hermione was a Granger once more. She had disappeared mysteriously from the Burrow around dawn and returned at noon, looking fairly more cheerful. She and Malfoy had gone to the Ministry, pled their case sheepishly, then left like nothing ever happened. They hardly spoke to one another, not that they minded. The embers of hatred still smoldered within them.January rolled into February. That was Hermione's least favorite month. She had never been overly romantic, so Valentine's Day was simply silly to her. Also, the weather was horrid. The snow no longer seemed enchanting...it just seemed like a blanket of depression, sinking the castle into a dreary comatose like state.Hermione focused most of her time on her studies, even more so than usual. Her and Malfoy steadfastly ignored each other. It was as if their encounter over Christmas vacation had never happened. That was alright with her. She didn't want any fussy distractions from her NEWTs.Of course, that changed all one morning in the middle of February. She woke up, her eyes heavy. Hermione thought all was well, until an overbearing wave of nausea hurdled over her. She shot up, which didn't help, her hand clamped firmly over her mouth. Hermione just made it to the toilet just in time to retch. She gagged and groaned. Hermione wiped her mouth and breathed deeply. She closed her eyes and allowed herself time to regain herself. The nausea was still present, but bearably. So Hermione got dressed and attended her classes like normal. That is, except for the periodic vomiting.Now, Hermione Granger prided herself on being highly logical and being able to "look past extraneous detail." However, she also was going through a period, pardon the pun, of denial. There was a tiny voice in the back of her head. It was telling her she wasn't sick. It was telling her devilish things, things she wished she could ignore. But as February abruptly jumped into March, and the vomiting only continued she knew there was only one thing to do.A simple trip into Hogsmeade and an extra large Butterbeer later, Hermione Granger had her answer.It was scary, mildly paralyzing, and the worst of all unexpected. The Head Girl, Golden Child, Gryffindor Princess, Brightest Witch of her Age, was pregnant. She regarded this as merely an obstacle she could over come. But when she watched her abdomen grow before her eyes, she realized it wasn't an obstacle, but a blessing. That's when Hermione Granger fell in love with her baby.Around May, just a few weeks before the NEWTs testing, Hermione met with McGonagall who informed her that the Ministry was offering her a position in their Department of International Magical Cooperation, at the 'Chicago Office' as they put it. It was like a dream. Hermione was free to leave the country before the birth of her son and she had a job waiting for her.The hardest part, Hermione later admitted, of her pregnant was two things. Telling people and keeping it a secret. She reasoned with herself that telling Malfoy would only hurt them in the long run. A Malfoy having a bastard child or a muggle born no less was scandalous and that would lump them together permanently. Hermione also reasoned that Malfoy wouldn't want the child. It took her until her fifth month, after she found out she had a job waiting for her, to tell Harry. He was the hardest. Of course he was disappointed when she claimed to not know the paternity, but he welcomed it with open arms. So did Ginny and Ron, eventually.It was the Weasley's and Harry, along with her parents that got her safely out of the country to Chicago. It was there she began a new life. Hermione was happy. She had a job, a home, and soon a son. All was well. Of course, it wasn't going to stay that way.A/N: Hola, so this was primarily an expository prologue. Not a lot of action. And before you say "Draco and Hermione are so OCC", the sex was. I know that. Sorry not sorry. They were both frightened. And I had them get married because it will fall into the plot later on.
