Warning this fic:- contains no slash/yaoi whatsoever- has wrong boy who lived elements- has some minor bashing of characters- contains character deaths- will cover years and will have time jumps- Harry will be three year older than in canon- will contain OCs- will not be a good vs. bad ficAbout fic: This is basically a rewrite of to be, who you are. I will not repost any chapters, so everything is new. Some plotlines will come back while others I have decided not to use and some will be completely new.PrologueWalking through a corridor filled with portraits was a blonde girls seemingly in her mid-teens. Her name was Amelia Carpentier or as some of her close friends called her Amy. She paid the portraits no mind. She had walked through this corridor often enough that she know exactly what they portrayed.Most portraits showed the same couple. If Muggles ever saw those portraits then they would probably think that the portrayed couple like to dress up because although on all the portraits the couple seem to be the same age yet they were wearing attires that people used to wear centuries ago.The few that did not only showed the couple had a black haired boy on it. He unlike the couple was displayed at different ages ranging from a young child to the portrait that was just recently made on his fourteenth birthday.After walking for a couple of moments more the blonde stopped in front of a door and without a moment of hesitation she entered.Upon entering she spotted on of the two people she had been requested to retrieve. Standing there with his wand raised in his left hand was the same boy that was shown on some of the portraits outside. However unlike on the portraits the boy who was standing before her didn't have black hair. No instead of black hair he had it dyed in a shocking neon-green and styled it in a short spiky manner.Amy knew why he had done that and she knew he probably also would have worn colour contacts if not for his mother putting her foot down on that issue.The boy clearly had not noticed her yet as he seemingly had his whole attention focused on the human shaped target that was positioned on the other side of the room.Then suddenly without a word a beam of magic was released from the boy's wand and rocketed toward the target dummy.Amy winced as the spell, a paintball spell if she was not mistaken missed the dummy by a considerable margin and turned a small portion of the wall behind the dummy red. The reason for that wince was the not so silent 'Merda,' that had come out of the boy's mouth after missing.Knowing that if she didn't speak up he would probably be here until he hit the target she decided to speak, ''Still trying to cast with your non-dominate hand?'' She asked, amusement clear to hear to all.The boy who seemingly was about to fire another spell turned to her, a mild look of frustration on his face as he greeted her, ''Hey Amy,'' he said before turning back and firing the same spell again. He missed again, but at least he was considerably closer to the target. This alone caused the boy to slightly grin as he muttered. ''See I will get there eventually. No way am I going to lose another tournament just because I broke my wand arm.''Amy shook her head fondly. Many things could be said about her best male friend, but one thing was undeniable. The boy had a serious competitive streak. Seeing that the currently somewhat one-track minded boy was about to fire another spell she called for his attention again by calling his name.''Harry!''The now identified Harry stopped what he was doing and turned his attention back to the blonde.''Your farther requested I get you and Bella. He wants to speak with the thee of us.''Harry looked thoughtful for a moment, seemingly wondering what his father wanted with the three of them before he asked. ''Do you know what this is about?''Amy shrugged, ''No idea, but your father did not look angry when he asked me to get you and Bella so I doubt you are in any trouble. Maybe it is about school?''The moment those words left her mouth she wished she hadn't. Harry hadn't said anything, but the look that crossed his face showed her that this was still a very unsafe topic.For a moment silence reigned, but then Harry spoke up again and to Amy's relief his tone of voice was at least normal.''Let's go get Bella then. I am curious to see what father wants.'' He said as he put the wand he had been carrying back in the holster he wore around his wrist.''To the library then?'' Amy suggested somewhat redundantly in her opinion.Harry apparently thought the same as he rolled his eyes and muttered, ''Where else?''Amy had to agree that that statement was very true. For as long as she had known her best female friend had had a strong drive to gather knowledge. This drive seem to have only grown stronger as they aged.When the duo arrived at the library they moved over toward the long table that was in the middle of the relatively large room filed with bookcases. Those bookcases were almost all completely filled with books of all kinds of topics.There sitting at the table was the girl they were looking for, Belladonna Sangria. The girl in question had shoulder length black hair, blue eyes in which if you looked closely you could see hints of red. And despite being the same age as the other two teens in the room she was a full head shorter than Harry, something which irked her greatly as if it wasn't for her developing 'assets' she could be easily be mistaken for twelve year old, instead of the fourteen she was.''Hey Bella,'' Harry greeted the girl who had already turned to the duo due to hearing them coming. ''Father wants to speak to the three of us. No idea why.''The girl looked a bit irritated at hearing the news and gave the books she was currently reading a somewhat longing look before sighing. She marked the page she was on by putting a piece of parchment between the pages before closing he book. She then placed the book in the bag she had with her before standing up and shouldering the bag.''Let's go see what your old man wants then shall we?''Twenty minutes later found the trio of fourteen year olds standing in the office of the man who had requested their presence. They were standing in front of an expensive looking desk where behind a man was sitting who looked like he was in his mid-thirties.Currently all three of the teens were giving the man looks of varying levels of disbelief.''I am sorry,'' Harry said. ''I must have misheard that. You want us to do what?''The man sighed, he knew his son had heard him loud and clear. Yet he also could not fault him for that reaction. In fact that was pretty much what he had expected. Still he decided to indulge the boy and repeat himself.''I want you to go to Hogwarts next year.'' He said specifically to the boy before addressing the two female teens. ''And I request you go with him.''The face of the youngest male in the room turned to stone as he said. ''But those people are there,'' His tone then became darker and angrier as he continued. ''And how can you even ask Amy and Bella to go there? You know that that country is one of the most bigoted ones out there. And yet you want to send them there?''Bella put her hand on Harry's shoulder and gave him a look that told him to calm down. She wasn't very fond of the idea of going to Britain either, but the least they could do was listen.Seeing that Bella had managed to calm Harry down, Amy asked the questions she had been wondering since she first heard the request of the man in front of her. 'Why do you want us to go to Hogwarts? Didn't you tell us that you didn't trust the headmaster of that place anymore after that incident with Harry?''After mentioning the incident, she quickly looked at the boy in concern to see how he would react, but it seem he was using his Occlumency training because his face was completely void of any emotions.The man sighed when he spotted the blank look on he adopted son face. His wife had taught all three teens in front of him the basics of Occlumency. Each of them was able enough in the art to suppress any emotion, but he always thought that you shouldn't use it too often since feeling emotions is what makes one human, but he knew that his son didn't want to look weak.The man hesitated for moment then he decided to explain why he wanted his only son to go there. ''Things are stirring again in Britain,'' He began. ''It has been nearly a decade since their resident dark lord Voldemort died. Since then I have been receiving an increasing number of disturbing reports of corruption within the ministry there. Those range from bribery to escape trials for the followers of Voldermort to those exact same followers using their power within their ministry to freeze up their Auror program. The reports seems to indicate that the pure-blood movement is preparing for something, but I am not sure what, especially with their leader dead and their second-in command in prison.''''Are you thinking that those follower might have joined Meracus?'' Amy questioned.''Honestly? While possible it is doubtful. While some of their goals are similar it is doubtful it would be enough to make them cooperate. No those Death Eaters are probably working on their own.''''So why do you want us specifically at Hogwarts?'' Bella asked. ''I doubt we can find information on Death Eaters dealing there, unless they are stupid enough to tell their children.''''A month ago Dumbledore contacted me.'' The man began to explain. ''He claimed that the stone was in great danger and that he could offer the best possible protection for it.''This piece of information caused all three the teens to raise they eyebrows as they had all similar thoughts after hearing that.The man at seeing this smiled slightly. ''I had a similar reaction when I read his letter.'' He admitted before continuing his explanation. ''As you know ever since I have created the stone countless people have tried to steal it. Including several fairly powerful dark lords and ladies. Dumbledore as my old apprentice is more than aware of this and yet he insist that only he can protect it. Many things can be said about the man, but Dumbledore is not dumb. He is planning something and knowing the man like I do I have the feeling it has something to do with the increased power of the pureblood supremacists. I along with the other members of the organisation really want to know what those plans are.''''So you want us at Hogwarts to find out what those plans are?'' Harry asked.The older man nodded. ''I am going to make a fake stone which I am going to give to Dumbledore. I never taught the man how to create a stone so I doubt he will able to detect a forgery. I suspect that Dumbledore will use the stone for something. He is not stupid enough to destabilise the economy by making large amounts of gold nor does he seem to crave for immortality so most likely he will use it for bait. If he uses it as bait then he will more than likely store it somewhere at Hogwarts. I want you three to go there and act as students while trying to find out just who Dumbledore is trying to bait.''''Can't you just force him to tell you who it is that is after it?'' Bella asked.''Unfortunately, Dumbledore although younger and less experienced than me is vastly more powerful than me. He will detect a Legilimency probe immediately and he isn't stupid enough to drink or eat anything prepared by a alchemist and master potion maker. There is little choice but to research it at the source.''Harry was conflicted, if this was requested by anyone, but the man in front of him, his mother and maybe master Li then he would have flat-out refused. But this was not just someone else. This was the man who was his father in all but blood. The man who had saved him from a life of misery and who had taught him practically everything he knew. This was the first real request he had ever given him so how could he refuse? Even if accepting meant he had to back to his homeland and seeming those people again.Clearly seeing the conflict in the eyes of his son, the man decided to give some added incentive. ''If you do it then I allow you to keep that hair colour for the rest of the year.''This statement caused Harry to quirk an eyebrow. He never liked his hair colour (nor his eye), but his parents did not like it when he dyed it. Something about you are who you are regardless of what you look like. So a deal was made. Harry would keep his hair normal during the majority of the year, but in the summer months he was allowed to dye it any colour he wanted. They probably shouldn't have said that last part because ever since that deal he had had some of the most outrageous hair colours out there. What? He was still a teenager. He was allowed to have his moments of teenage rebellion. Besides it was always amusing to spend the weeks leading up to the summer discussing hair colours with the girls.Seeing that the carrot was already tempting his son the man decided to use the stick. ''If you don't go then I will arrange for you to spend the next year having daily spars with Angana.''The boy's tanned skin paled considerably after hearing this. If he wasn't planning on accepting the request before then he was sure he would accept right now.The two girls on his side saw the guy pale and honestly they couldn't really blame him for it. To put it mildly, Angana could definitely be called enthusiastic when sparing. Others would call this a vast understatement and would call her far less favourable terms''Very well I accept.'' Harry conceded'' I only have one condition, ...''Before he could make his request both the girls exclaimed almost simultaneously. ''NO!''Taken aback by their sudden exclamation, the boy said. ''What? I didn't say anything yet.''The black haired girl snorted. ''Do you really think we need to hear you finish before knowing what you were going to say? Correct me if I was wrong, but you were going to say something along the lines that Amy and I shouldn't come with you because it is dangerous there.''''Don't bother to respond, Harry.'' Amy said before the boy could say anything. ''Do you really think we don't know you after all those years? And if you really think we will allow you to go their alone then you really are an idiot.''Harry wanted to protest, but seeing both the girls glaring at him he decided to do the wise thing and remain silent. Both girls grinned at seeing that.''What about our training?'' Harry inquired.''Master Li obviously already knows about this. He said that if you were to agree he would contact you soon and Hogwarts teachings combined with some self-study should be sufficient for your magical studies.''Harry was silent for several seconds, but then conceded, ''Fine then.''
