A/N: So this is my first story I've ever posted. This is the prologue and I already have a few chapter written. Please be nice and enjoy the story! The first two chapters are short, but it's necessary, the others are all much longer.It was a cool night, a light breeze blew through the clearing as I paused by a tree to catch my breath.In the distance I could hear shouts and screams along with intermittent flashes of light flying behind the tree line.A couple meters into the forbidden forest I hid out of sight.Taking stock of my body I discerned that everything was in working order and mapped out my next move.I had to find my friends. I couldn't just hid out in the trees while they risked their lives.I ran across a dark grassy area and as I did so I spotted a dark form dashing across. I followed it, unnoticed hoping to assist if it were friendly, or attack if it were an enemy.The form was still slightly ahead of me running parallel to the forest. A 2nd form came bursting out of the tree line."Expelliarmus!" I heard a feminine yell. It easily deflected it. Moments later a flash of green light erupted and the female voice crumpled to the ground.It didn't even bother to examine the body or emit any sort of emotion. It simply jogged off in the direction of some shouts.Cautiously I approached the body. I squinted in the waning moonlight trying to make out the face. I saw the vacant brown eyes of Ginny Weasley staring back at me. Shock wracked my body and I had to choke back the tears. My hands shook, as the faces of those we had lost flashed before my eyes.-Stop. I commanded myself. Shaking myself to regain control of my emotions.I knelt down, hesitantly reaching out to close the eyes of my closest female friend.Behind me I heard a rustling sound. Quickly, I spun around finding myself face to wand with Lupin.Upon recognizing me he slowly lowered his wand. He opened his mouth to say something, but stopped as his eyes drifted to Ginny's limp figure.I could see the pained look in his eyes. Together we stood for a moment, paying Ginny this small respect.After a long moment Lupin cleared his throat, "Let's go help the others, there nothing you can do for her." He said.I looked back once more letting a lone tear fall down my cheek, not only for Ginny but for the multitudes of others we had lost or would lose before the battle was over.With a curt almost emotionless nod, I gathered my resolve and we hurried back towards the main battle.As we jogged the flashes of light became brighter and the screams louder.I could hear a death eater's cackle ring out in the distance over a man screaming out in excruciating pain.Coming up to a thickly wooded area, we were forced to slow down. Through the foliage I saw flashes of green light and heard a man grunt in pain.Hesitantly I peered through the branches and I saw Harry locked in the heat of battle with a masked Death EaterThere was a flash of red light and Harry was knocked on his back. I briefly wondered why the Death Eater hadn't called his master, we'd heard that You-Know-Who had made an appearance.The Death Eater raised his wand over Harry and a flash of blue light sped towards him.Without pausing to formulate a plan I Burst onto the scene, screaming out "Protego!" the Death Eater's curse was deflected.Lupin followed closely behind me, clearly torn between helping me and leaping in front of Harry to protect him.The Death Eater looked up at us his grey eyes narrowed not moving his wand from Harry.At a temporary impasse we eyed each other, sizing up the opponent.Harry slowly got to his feet, eyes locked on his wand that lay several meters away.There was a rustling noise in the trees on the far side of the clearing. We all turned wands at the ready, self-preservation delaying the matter at hand.Ron burst into the clearing out of breath and glassy eyed.The second he saw him, Harry made a mad dash for his wand.Immediately I felt relief wash over me, together we could take down this lone Death Eater.Pausing momentarily his eyes followed Harry's path. Suddenly he raised his wand and yelled "Avada Kedavra!"I watched the green light speed towards its target for what felt like hours.Harry's body hit the ground. No one moved for a second.Ron spun on me, "You're next mudblood." intoned a cold voice that sounded nothing like my best friend.All at the same time I yelled "Stupefy!" as Ron sent the killing curse at my and the Death Eater sent out a third spell seemingly directed towards no one in particular.The red, green, and blue lights all flew towards each other, seemingly on a collision course.There was a blinding flash of violet light and it all went dark.A/N I hope that wasn't too bad, next chapter will be up very soon. Either later today or tomorrow depending on my mood. Please leave a review! Oh and wanna guess who our mysterious Death Eater is? ;)EDIT: I changed the main character thingy and the summary so now it's obvious who the death eater is, most people guessed it right though!Edited this on 1/17/14 Just added some detail and corrected errors no plot changesEdited it again on 4/27/14 cuz I realized it was crap lol
