CHAPTER 1- MAKE NEW FRIENDS BUT KEEP THE OLD.AT+KT- HI! So this is our better version. Formally known as Stranger. Do not remember what you know from Stranger because it will ruin the story. This story is a lot better. And more myserious You will recognize bits from Stranger and if you liked Stranger then read this because it is exactly the same plot but better written"Harry where have you been?" [AT-"no note, car gone, beds empty-" KT-" Annie shhh." *Looks at readers* "sorry you will have to get used to that."A worried Hermione ran up to Harry as he walked into the great hall holding a bloody towel up to his nose."Why is it that whenever he comes in he is always bloodied up in some way?"He was met with a rather disgruntled looking Ron Weasley as he sat down."It's not my fault, it just happens""Yeah right""what?! You think I like all these things happening to me?""No It's just-""WILL YOU TWO JUST SHUT UP!" [AT-"I always wonder how Hermione doesn't loose her voice with all that shouting"]A furious looking Hermione interrupted them as she pointed to some scared looking first years to-be."your already scaring the new kids. Honestly."They were all interrupted by Dumbledore."Welcome back to Hogwarts, before we start the feast let us meet the newbees"Harry and Ron stopped their argument rather abruptly to listen to Harry's first sorting.The great doors opened and the terrified first years turned as McGonagall came in holding a hat and a stool. She put them in front of the head table and they waited. The rip in the hat opened and it started to sing.I'm the Hogwarts the sorting hat,The one and very only,I sort you into different houses,So you'll never be lonely.You could belong in Gryffindor,Where they bravely stand their ground,They'll stand tall and brave, till they meet their graves,You could do them proud.Or you'd be a Raven,Where books are your forte,You'd get straight A's, every day,That's where you could be sorted.You might be a Slytherin,They're cunning plans are sly,If you're sly, you'll do just fine,You could be there by tonight.Last you could be Hufflepuff,They're brave and loyal there,If you're kind and sweet, then give 'em a treat,And go sit over there.Once I've said my piece,You'll know where you belong,They'll treat you kind, they'll treat you fair,You'll be friends for very long.There was silence and then the school applauded so loud you'd not hear a lion roar. Not that there was a lion butThe sorting commenced and McGonagall stood and began listing names."Sara Lowells" A little girl with bouncy blonde curls walked forward nervously and put the hat on her head. After a few seconds the sorting hat shouted "Hufflepuff"This continued on for quite some time and Harry was zoning out until he heard a familiar name "Ryan Bronchal" Harry's head snapped up to see a boy with floppy brown hair as he sat on the stool. "Gryffindor" It shouted and Ryan grinned walking over to the table. The only empty seat left was next to Harry (Ron was on the other side and Hermione opposite) and so he sat there.Before the food arrived Dumbledore stood up. "So this year. Same as usual but I will repeat myself for those that insist of forgetting." He seemed to be looking at Harry when he said that. "So please not that the forbidden forest is as usual, out of bounds and Filch's list of confiscated item now consists of 493 items as the entirety of the Weasley's shop has now been added to the list. Please welcome a new defence teacher again oh if I had a knut for every time I said that" He trailed of as many laughs sounded. "Anyway our new defence teacher shall be Professor Mindraknae." The teacher on the right, whom none of them had recognized, cleared her throat angrily and Dumbledore hastily said. "Also known as Violet. Yes Violet's good."That said, everyone started to eat. "So Harry" Ron said "Why were you so" He trailed off as he saw that his friend was not looking at him, but at Ryan. "Forget me already?" He (Harry) said to Ryan who had been eating nervously. He looked up at Harry and his eyes almost bulged out of his head. "Harry-Harry Potter?" He asked disbelievingly. Harry grinned at him "The one and only" Ryan looked shocked for a minute and then hugged Harry saying quickly "Oh my gosh. You go here, I should have known, You're not a criminal" At this last bit the hall went silent looking shocked at Harry. He shrugged and said sheepishly. "UmMy aunt and uncle might have used that as the excuse to tell the neighbors where I was" As they went back to their dinner he looked at Ryan and grinned "Like they'd ever admit there was someone better than them in the family." Ryan grinned too and said "I can't believe you're here.""Likewise" Harry responded."UhHarry" Ron said looking uncomfortable. "Who's this." Harry looked down at his friend and said to Ron "I'll tell you later."And with that they went back to their meal.As the last of the students finished eating, and the first of the students started to leave and huge ripple of water appeared by the huge oak doors of the great hall. It was soon followed by a loud bang and the ripple turned into a portal looking thing. Students stopped as through the other side they saw a girl running for her life.The girl was wearing ragged shorts and a T-shirt and they were covered in what looked like dried blood. In her hands she held a tube which she didn't look like she was going to let go of any time soon. Behind her there were about five death eaters shooting curses at her."come here. NOW. Don't even try running away from me or I shall kill you Avada ked-"Many of the student missed what happened next as the headmaster arrived on sight."stand back. Once the portal is complete the girl will be able to jump through. We don't want any of you to get hurt."Many of the students watched in awe as she skillfully dodged curse by curse managing to fire some of her own. That was until Voldermort interfered . The death eaters were coming en masse, swarming around her and in a sudden movement she flipped the top of her tube and small multicolored things came out of it. The death eaters tripped to the floor as the things tripped them up. She then screwed her face up in concentration and blew outfire. Like a dragon in its prime she breathed fire and only stopped long enough to gain her bearings and run.'What is it they want her for?' thought Harry ' Voldermort is after her. That is obvious but why?'He went over all the possible reasons but drew up a blank.His musing was interrupted as the whole school gasped. Voldermort had stepped forward. Many students took steps back, although they knew he could not see them, but the girl bravely took several steps forward shouting "I will never join you. You're foul, scum, not even a pureblood."Voldermort was seething now but the girl went on. "And how ironic is it that my dad is meant to be your right hand man but actually hated youJUST LIKE ME!"Voldermort ran forward pointing his wand at her. "Aguenus" he shouted with fury evident in his voice and the girl screamed in pain. Then another girl came out. She looked just like the first girl but her eyes were red and like slits. "I'll kill you someday" she hissed but the girl never listened as she had spotted the portal and jumped through landing in a crumpled heap near Harry. he bent down to check she was alive. He sighed in relief and looked at his Headmaster. "She is alive!".AT- "Oh I need sleep now" *Looks at KT sleeping* " lucky her".Ginny- "Don't worry, you've got us"AT- "Yeah but you're not real. You're just my hallucinations coz I'm so tired."Ginny- "Yeah. Well I might as well do this now I've got the chance." *Looks at readers" well you better review lots"Ryan- "Yeah, and I bet you can't guess where I'm from."Mystery-girl-whos-name-has-not-been-yet-been-revea led-for-no-reason-what-so-ever- "I bet you can't guess where I'm from"
