A/N - This is a James/Hermione story, there is a few mentions of Sirius and Remus' relationship but its just mentioned and not detailed so if you don't read slash you don't have to worry about any details.There's a lot of changes (obviously since its a James and Hermione story) starting with the fact that James didn't die.I own nothing.I may have found a beta but this chapter is due today so I will have to do this without a beta. Hopefully everything is alright.Challenges: The Sherlock Challenge: Part 1: A Study in Pink - 5 - Write about James PotterThe Disney Plotline Challenge - Bambi - Write about someone dying or someone losing someone. James knew he had been betrayed the moment he felt the wards go. He felt it in his gut that something was wrong.He saw the door blast open and knew in his heart that there was no hope and he wondered how someone he trusted with his family's life - a marauder no less, would betray them.He saw Voldemort coming in, and he shouted to Lily to get Harry, he had hoped she found a way out of the house. He tried to block the way, tried to give her more time to escape but he was hit.He was in pain, more pain then he'd ever felt in his life, and that was saying something as he'd gone head to head with a werewolf more times than he could count. He was an Auror, his job was dealing with dangerous people but anything they had done to him couldn't compare to the agony he felt.He hit the floor and Voldemort walked past him. He put all his energy into looking up to see who was hurting him and his eyes met a pair of watery blue."Wormtail... my family, you betrayed us?" He gasped out between curses. "Save them - please!" He hoped that Wormtail would come to his senses and do something, he would have done had it been reversed. He was not above begging when it came to his wife's life and his sons life. His own wasn't important as long as they lived.He saw the hate fill those blue eyes, far from the admiration and care that used to fill them and James wondered when that had changed."Oh James my friend, the last few years have led to this moment. Do you think I would stay loyal to you after everything you've done? Do you think I would help the man who stole the women I loved? You don't have to worry about Lily, she's my reward for giving my Lord the child.""No, you can't..." James gasped out, trying to get up.He was hit with another curse, which he tried to resist, trying to get up to head upstairs and save his son. He hit the floor again."She'll be mine Prongs, there's nothing you can do. This will be my revenge on you, and don't worry Sirius will get his, he was after all your secret keeper - the only people who knew the change were me, you, Sirius and Lily after all.""No I'll go to...""You'll be dead," laughed Peter and it made James' blood run cold. "Sirius will get the Dementors kiss and Remus will spend his life alone like a monster of his kind is destined to be. We may take pity on Remus and allow him to join us, I'm sure he'll join the Dark Lord when he learns that Lily is with us.""Remus would never join you... We were your friends Peter!""Were you really?" Peter asked hitting him again with another Crucio.He prayed with everything he had that Lily got out of the house, that her and Harry had found a way to be safe when he failed to protect them - his own friend had betrayed them, this was all his fault.He couldn't escape seeing the flash of green that flashed to where he lay. He heard the sound of crying and realised the first flash was for Lily. When he saw a second flash, things seemed to slow down. There was a blast and he felt the pressure of it.He was only aware of the fact that his family was gone, dead, destroyed... He would be next and he felt comfort in the fact that he would soon be with his wife and son again. He felt his body burning, aching in agony, and he hoped that it would all be over soon.Because there was no hope. He had nothing left to live for.A/N - I hope you enjoyed, all my stories will have updates soon.
