When I stepped through the wall, it was blurry. The people were moving on slow motion, I heard nothing. Then, I was back in reality. My mother was saying something to me and my brother, but I wasn't paying attention. Then my dad spoke to me saying if I ever wanted to I could come home, then they hugged me, and I was on the train. Then, I was in a compartment, and I was drawing, while sitting near a window while my brother made out with his girlfriend in a bathroom. I don't know what I draw; I was just listening to some OneRepublic and drawing what I was thinking. I never noticed him come in."Dominique" he said, poking me and pulling out my earphones."Go away" I said, not noticing who it was."We're at Hogwarts, come on." He said it was Louis, my brother; I packed up my stuff into my bag, threw my headphones back in, now listening to Coldplay, and headed off.I saw some people staring when I went into the Great Hall, to avoid it; I grabbed a sandwich, water, and a chocolate bar and ate in the Gryffindor Common room. The fire was going and it was nice, until a professor came looking for me."Headmistress McGonagall would like to see you in her office." Professor Flitwick said to me. I followed him to the stairs and he muttered the password, and I went up."Miss Weasley, take a seat" she said, motioning to the seats across from hers."I didn't see you at dinner." she said to me."Ate in the common room" I said simply."Of course, just let someone know next time" she said to me"Of course," I said, "Is that it?" I asked."No, I wanted to talk to you about recent events." she said,"I came, obviously I want to be here" I said, not meeting her eyes"Well, in light of recent events I am sure you know how to get to the shrieking shack." she said"Have for years" I said"And you know that at any time, you can go home correct?" She asked"My dad gave me the speech before" I said to her,"Well you may go, but first" she said while we both got up, "we're all glad you came back" she said with a smile. I said goodbye and left for the common room, stopping by the great hall and grabbing two more chocolate bars."You remind me of Remus" my aunt Hermione said, coming up next to me."I wonder why, professor" I said sarcastically. Hermione was the ancient runes professor."No, the chocolate addiction, he used to always say it helped" She said, rounding the corner with me."It does" I said, nearing the Gryffindor tower."See you in class and most likely detention" I said with my trademark smirk."Watch my children" she said, as I entered muttered the password to the Fat Lady and went into the tower."Hey Dom" my cousin James said to me, as everybody was silent. I looked at a clock"I'm going to bed' I said, and I went into my room, as my roommates had dropped out. I sat down and saw my stuff already in its normal place, meaning Vic was allowed in. I filled out my normal routine, which consisted of me changing into pajamas and drawing the forest at night. And, I did exactly that.The Next day,I walked through the halls while avoiding gazes. I was ignoring everybody, and the next thing I knew, I was pushed to a wall."Hey Domi, heard you put out now" a guy said into my ear, Goyle."Get off me" I said simply."I quite like this position myself" He said with a smirk, reaching for my ass."She said to leave her alone" I heard an unknown voice yell."You're not in this Black" Goyle said to him. Black said nothing, he grabbed Goyle and punched him in the face once and he was knocked out. I said nothing, I just ran. Black followed me."Hey! Slow down." he was yelling after me."What do you want?!" I yelled at him, stopping and turning to him. I got a good look at him. He was hot. He was tall, and well built, he had piercing green eyes and somewhat long black hair. He was wearing Gryffindor robes, weird, I never really saw him before. The last year or so I have been out of it, so it made some sense."I just wanted to make sure you were okay" he said defensively."Well I'm fine, you can leave now" I said to him. He did not listen; he was giving me a double take. I get it, it happens often. I was pretty tall, and slim for the matter, with my father's blue eyes and my mother's blonde hair, but my hair was more of a dirty blonde."Can I at least get your name?" He asked with a smirk."Dominique Weasley and yours?" I said to him, playing into the flirting."Alexander Black, call me Alex" he said, stretching out his hand for me to shake it."Call me whatever you like" I said with my own smirk."What did Goyle want with you. "He asked me, looking me straight in the eyes instead of my chest; it was nice for a change."He thinks I'm an easy lay, just an excuse at this point" I said."Well no guy should do that to a girl." he said heartfelt."You're in Gryffindor, how come I haven't seen you before?" I asked"I kept to myself for a while" He said."Makes sense with the name" I said"Black, like Sirius I presume?" He nodded, "I assume he had a child he didn't know about and you were the result of that child reproducing"" My mother, her mother was some time traveler and made her the same age as your mother, she gave me up to a friend of hers and was killed by a death eater when she was 25" He explained, looking down."What friend?" I asked."Ryan Putrova. Durmstrang guy." he explained."What about your dad?"I asked."Not in the picture." he said."At least you got Durmstrang guy" I said to him."Why does Goyle think you're an easy lay?" He asked me."Some stuff happened over the summer" I said, before looking at the ground myself."Well Goyle is an asshole." He said to me, causing me to look up at him, he was smiling right at me. It was intoxicating."So am I, we might be a good match" I said."I can think of better people for you." he said."Miss Weasley!" I heard a voice yell."I didn't do anything this time Minnie" I yelled back."My office now." she said to me."See you later Black." I said walking away."That mean we have a second date?" he yelled back"This wasn't a date" I yelled to him."Keep telling you that" he yelled back. I followed Minnie back to the office and sat down in my seat again."What did I do this time" I asked her."Nothing, I just want to make sure you don't murder Goyle later." She said."I can't promise that" I said."Keep him alive there would be too much paperwork if not." she said to me. Then she pointed to the door and I left. I walked back to the common room and saw my dear old uncle Harry. The auror who most likely came to see what James did."Domi!" He yelled as he saw me. We met half way in the hall."Heard what happened" he said. I groaned."Does my dad?" I asked. He nodded."He just called and yelled at Goyle" he said to me."Oh god" I said."You met someone" he said to me."Changing the topic much." I said, "How can you tell" I asked him."I had that look when I fell in love with Ginny" He said to me"I don't have the time to love someone now, I can't" I said to him."I was saying that too" he said, "Go back to the dorm" he said."Why are you here anyway?" I asked him"James tried to set Goyle on fire" he said chuckling."Gotta love him" I said, "Night" I said while walking away. I walked up the stairs toward the common room and muttered the password to the fat lady. She was trying to sing this time. Again. I ignored her and walked through the hole in the wall into the common room. I saw James and Fred. Never a good two to be together. I just ignored them not wanting the speech and walked back to my room. I closed the door and looked at my calendar, tomorrow. It said the full moon is tomorrow. Last December, I was walking back from a Hogsmeade weekend, I was alone. I didn't know what was happening until I was attacked, by a werewolf. I was mauled, on an inch of my life when someone found me. I never learned who that person was. Unfortunately, it was a full moon and I am now a werewolf.Sooo, first story. What do you think? I have some more written so I might have some quick updates. Could you leave some feedback?
