Disclaimer: I do NOT own Harry Potter or inFAMOUS. J.K Rowling owns Harry Potter and Sucker Punch owns inFAMOUS!The Lightning WeaverEpisode IThe City of LightningMorgana Evans was my given tame, but I had also taken a name that suited me too: Lightning. I had just turned thirteen years old. Yesterday was my birthday. It was not such a great day as I had no family or friends to celebrate with. Well, I had some 'friends', or more like acquaintances. I have lived alone on the streets of London for a long time now.It could be worse and I could still be with 'them', my only living relatives. I have hated them for as long as I could remember because they hated me. I had never known why back then, but when I got my powers I grew suspicious that their hate and fear grew so vast. However, you should not worry about me. I am used to it. It was kind of freeing compared to what I had before becoming a homeless nascence to society, or whatever the losers of this world would call me.I have been alone in this city since that incident quite a while back when I was eight. The Ray Sphere. That was what it was called! It was my saving grace! It was my life, and I loved it without knowing because it saved me a painful life of self-loathing. I came across it when my 'family' had lost me. Yes. They did make a habit out of losing me, but I always managed to find them again. It seemed like magic at the time, but I could never even utter that word.The Dursley's had a phobia to anything abnormal. I guess to them, abnormal was having your parents die on you. If I ever saw those, good for nothing Dursley's again I would fry them, and leave their burnt corpses on the underground. Not that I expected to ever see them willingly entering this city knowing that I could be here somewhere, waiting to claim my vengeance.Honestly, if I wanted to hunt them down and kill them, fry them, or torment them or something. It would not be hard to find them. I bet they still live in the same suburb in Surry as they did. The thought of what they would look like if I knocked on the door made me smile. The look, and then the suffering I would bring to them was something that could always make me smile.They finally abandoned me here in London. All alone after it happened. The Ray Sphere housed electromagnetic mutagenic energies. It was the power over electricity, lightning. It was this woman. She had given me a pack with the sphere inside with a cell phone. She offered me money to deliver it somewhere, and I thought of it as a good chance to get some nice new clothes.I didn't know what he was thinking, and nor could I care. That sphere saved me from such destitute, and desperation. It had saved my life. It had freed me from the Dursley's, and I couldn't be more thankful that sometimes miracles do happen.Then the phone had ringed. I answered, and a woman spoke on the other end. Her voice was gentle, and full of amusement as she said just three words."Child of Lightning!" she had near whispered over the line.Then boom! It felt like I had blown up. It was a pain I could never describe. I was fried, so if I fry someone, I knew how it felt. The ray sphere hurt a lot, but thinking back on that it was beyond worth it, and I love my powers.I was out cold for a while after the boom. I suppose that was lucky as it limited my pain. I couldn't remember whether I dreamed, but the dream really began when I woke. I was something more, something special, and then, I could be fearless, and make others fear me for once and for all, I was the Goddess of Lightning, and I wouldn't let anyone hurt me ever again.I was found bloodied and battered in the centre of the destruction the sphere had brought to the city. I felt a little bad about how many people had died to give me my powers, but I could live with that, closing my heart to those who would use or abuse me. The destruction went on for several blocks. I was in a smouldering crater. I was nursed back to health at the hospital where I had finally gotten to know that there were nice people in the world before they finally returned to my 'family'.The Dursley's hadn't even come to see me at the hospital, so it was a shock for them to see I had changed. It wasn't much of a change, mainly physical. My hair and eyes were the main difference. My hair had used to be black, but that changed for a coppery red, while my eyes had been a dark green had changed to a bright electric blue. And I had power, and with that power, the Dursleys left me alone. Maybe I had a great responsibility to use that power to protect people, but who had ever protected me?The Dursleys used to hit me, torment me, goad me, but with that first spark, they saw the deep water they were treading, and that electrical cables hung over that water. They had seen that they had pushed far enough that I would and could kill them.My power had strengthened my body physically and mentally strengthened my resolve. That was not to mention my command over electricity, from bio and nature to artificial power. I could do anything I wanted, and become a queen, an empress. I was better than the Dursley's and they feared that, and honestly I enjoyed their fear. It gave me some strength to realise that I was more than they could ever hope for.With my great power that I had a beautiful new freedom that I had always longed for and I became more than a mere mortal. I had the responsibility to use that power. I would never let anyone make me into the victim again. I could be the bully if I chose, but I would never stoop so low that I would be like them. I would protect girls from people like them.Then they left me. I was just a small girl. I could admit I was alone and scared, in a scary new world because they finally started fearing me. If it was not for my powers I would have become some filths play thing, but instead I held all of the cards. I had fools and criminal gangs bowing to me, giving me whatever I wanted to appease me, or I would end them and leave them in chains outside of a police station.The men in this town sickened me. I had grown away from any thoughts of them. The fairer of the sex is what made me happy. I have been a hero to the cute girls of this city, and most were willing to let me play with them as a thank you, but I would never force it. It had been nice how I had grown to learn the fine arts of getting cute girls into my bed, or me into their bed should I say.The criminals within the city have grown to fear me, and even more, they fear mistreating any girls. Prostitution of innocent girls had dropped to near nothing because men feared me. They had good reason to fear me too. I had stopped some who had gotten some fourteen and fifteen year old girls addicted to drugs because they wanted to use that to sell their bodies for sex. I had gotten the girls out and home, hopefully getting them the help they needed.Then that brought me my name. It was with names; the cities underground called me. the names they had grown to fear as if she was the Don of the city, and exploiting any female became an 'at your own risk of death' activity.I was to them The Lightning Bringer! Or the Empress of Lightning! I liked having names people used to worship me. they were names that brought fear to those who should be fearful, and that brought me pleasure.It amused me to see a foolish man shit themselves as they saw me for the first time. I would show off my power and they would stare in horror. They would see what I could do; my destructive capability and their knees would shake. Then I would amusedly take a cut of their drug deals because I needed the money, or setting their slave workers free because I hate exploiters more than anything, especially people traffickers. They stay clear of London these days, but that didn't mean I wouldn't find a place here and there, and then my will would be done, and the people would be free to go home.I had become a Urban Legend throughout the city. I was a caution to all criminals. I knew that even members of the police knew I was the real deal. However, they couldn't admit they had seen a girl who could control electricity in their city, as no one would ever believe them.I remembered when I was weak before my powers. My uncle used to come home drunk after a bad day of work. He used to blame me for his bad luck. It never occurred to him that he was an uncouth douche bag that believed he was owed everything and nobody liked him, least of all me and that the business dealing had gone bad was because everyone hated him.Getting the belt still hurt, even more so when you knew that you didn't deserve it, and that he did. I just had to think about it for my anger to boil, giving me thoughts of returning for my vengeance. I had gotten broken bones, bruises, welts, and sores because the Dursley's were petty fools. However, even then I had something for them to fear. I healed perfectly within the day, which was my luck or I would have been covered in scars, or dead.I could heal a lot faster now. I could pull electricity from nearly anything to close my wounds and take my scars. I was more durable. I could jump from the tallest skyscraper without using my powers and crack the concrete, not my head.Now I refused to let any male touch me out of shear principle. I supposed Vernon Dursley started me on the road to disliking men, but his greedy, fat, bully of a son could not have helped matters. I still wondered how that fat tub of baby fat had not died of a heart attack with the amount of junk he greedily shoved down his throat.I was dangerous. There were hardly any who would be willing to do 'business' with me, not that they had a choice if I needed the money. It was mostly girls who wanted to cut me in for their protection from any men, and I'll admit that to some of the cuter girls or women in the city I might have accepted some payment in other areas I've gotten good at. I'm their antihero. I don't give a shit what anyone thinks. It gets me feeling good and a warm bed for the night with cute warm body or two.Though, I have gotten kind of sick of this cesspool city, or maybe just really bored. There had to be something fun to do. I had tried doing the superhero bit, but that did not work out too well. I guess I was too cynical to work out as a hero like that. I'll have to stick to the antihero bit because I'm not really a bad person  well, maybe I am a little, but I won't go out of my way to hurt someone.I had once protected a whole school bus full of kids before. Okay, so I was partially responsible for the bus slipping off the bridge, but I got it up again. I don't know whether I could have lived with myself if they had fallen to their doom.I was sitting on the edge of the roof of a tall building, looking out over the city as it brought dusk to the sky, and a peace to my soul. I loved the colours; the Reds, yellows, and oranges. The colours were clouding the sky in a pattern of wild-beauty. The sky reminded me of me at that moment, streaking with uncontrolled colours.I ran my right hand through my coppery red hair, smiling softy. My hair was long, hanging to my waist. It was tied back with a weird spider hairclip a girl gave me as a gift, more grateful than her body was worth, to her at least, to me, I treasured it because it was from her heart. She was into the Goth scene and was on a school fieldtrip when I rescued her from some douche bags that never saw me coming.She was nice, and eager to 'experiment' with me. She tasted sweet. She was a few years older than I was too. I'm not sure what I prefer to be honest. In my age range or older than me, they both have great qualities. I supposed it did not matter too much because I loved them all, and that does not make me slutty. It makes me awesome with a slight touch of slutty. There was a difference.Maybe if I went on a trip I could get out of this rut. It would give me something to do. I want some cool dreams and a fun future where I get lots of cute girl-ass. I am so bored. I suppose heading into Surry would be cool. That way I could get my vengeance on the douche bag Dursley's. The thought of the horrors I could inflict made my red lips curl into a grin.I looked out over the cityscape. I could not help but feel giddy at the thought of leaving. I couldn't wait for some more adventure, making new friends. The thought of all those damsels I could rescue and seduce, maybe a rich one I could mooch off for a while that would satisfy all of my desires at the click of my fingers.I would have to use my powers only when necessary outside of the holes and pitfalls I could hide inside London.My electric blue eyes glowed slightly as I watched dusk turn to an inky darkness, lit by the streets of my city. It was all so depressing and artificial. However, it held an odd beauty, all that power I could feed on, but even I had limits.I brush out the creases in my tight, form hugging black top as I stood up on the edge of the roof without a care in the world for how dangerous that was. I was wearing a blue leather jacket over my top, left open with white angle wings on each chest side and a tail of white feathers on the back. Then I had on some baggy beige combat hipsters over my legs and tight butt with black belt holding brown suede pockets, and brown walking boots on my feet for comfort.I had a baggy hood on my jacket left down under my long hair, crinkled midway down to the ends. I clenched my fingers within my black leather fingerless gloves. The gloves had blue metal plate strips on the backs, arching electric sparks. My fingernails were not too long but rounded to slight points on my small and experienced fingers."The city looks so pathetic and small from up here!" I mumbled to myself thoughtfully. "The people even more so...! I could do whatever I want! What could they do to stop me?!" I finished my thought with my soft voice before smirking as I looked down towards the ground.I leaned forward and within seconds, I was falling towards the ground. The wind washed at my hair, whipping it back. It was exhilarating, breathe taking, brilliant. I could see through each of the windows as I fell as if everything was moving slower, even my fall. I could see mindless people moving like drones. They didn't notice me, and I didn't expect them too, and even more they wouldn't have cared. The building was owned by a woman I had saved from a kidnap attempt, for a ransom. She paid me back for my help by making sure I had a fun place to jump where people wouldn't pay attention.The feeling of falling was beautiful, rushing up inside my chest and behind my navel. I watched as the ground rushed up to meet me; the splat that would meet most people, but me. I was so much more. I was different. I was special in more ways than one. The feeling of adrenalin, and fear was something I loved, base jumping without a parachute.It had only taken a few moments before I would smash face first into the ground. I twisted, sliding, flipping through the air, and landed with a crunch, on my feet, shattering the concrete as my boots hit in a spider web pattern.Standing to full height, which wasn't much, I grinned and stretched some kinks out of my slender muscles. That was always something fun I liked doing. Though, it was always more fun to fall than climb, even the climb can be most exhilarating since I couldn't use the elevator in most places.I was surprised as I looked to my side to see a woman. She looked as if her heart had been caught in her throat. However, she was this stern type with her brown hair up in a bun wearing a neat woman's tweed business suit, so she straightened herself out quickly. She looked as if she was short of any choice words for a moment before she found them."Miss. Potter, you almost took ten years off my life with that stunt!" the woman spoke crisply, but for a slight quiver. It sounded like this odd woman was actually reprimanding me as if she had been worried for my safety; it was an odd and unusual feeling. "Y-you could hurt yourself, or worse!" she continued her reprimand."Err, whatever," I replied, confused, as normally people would find my survival alarming and freaky, and this one purse snatcher ran away screaming like a little girl and turned himself into the cops. "Anyway, I think you have me mistaken for someone else, my name is Evans!" I said, wondering why I bothered to correct her."Morgana Evans?" the woman asked, and I could only nod, surprised she knew me. She did not seem the sort of person to be in some bad business, even for one of those rich douchy types I've come across plenty of times."Your mother chose the name Morgana to annoy your father and the 'light'," she said as if I asked her, but it was nice to know, but it would be nicer if I knew the circumstances behind that, or who this woman was, first."You're a witch," she carried on as if I asked her, which made sense I suppose, because of the odd things that my lightning powers can't explain. "You survived the killing curse. Your mother didn't like the way people labelled light and dark. She had a 'dark' best-.""So she named me after the most famous Dark Witch of all time?" I interrupted her. I was feeling baffled. I couldn't deny magic after all the stuff I had seen in my short years; my powers included. "I guess she had a good sense of humour. So who hit me with this killing curse so I can get pay back? This bastard killed my parents too?" I asked and demanded, outraged at these revelations, and wanting revenge on the Dursley's even more than ever.She nodded with a sad expression. "He was called Voldemort," she said his name with a quiver, so I guess this jerk was truly vile, or these people were pansies. Yeah, I'll say the later as people say my name and I'm a menace to society. "He went after you. I'm not sure of the specifics. He killed your mother and father. Then he went for you but his curse backfired for some reason. He is now little more than a spectre trying to regain his body!""I see," was all I could reply even though I did not really see, but whatever. I was interested, and invested. It looked like I had my very own supervillain. I would have to tear him apart for taking everything from me, just to make the point that no one messes with me."So you do know about magic?" she asked looking hopeful."Nope, but it sounds like to you people at least, I'm pretty awesome and famous?" I said with a small grin, already planning some nasty pranks on them to begin my vengeance."W-well, famous, yes... infamous even," she agreed with a nod. "I suppose it's because of your" she trailed to a stop at my headshake."Got my powers years later in an incident with a bomb thing," I answered, smirking. "Anyway, why come now? You people haven't cared in twelve years!" I asked, curious why if I was their hero and saviour, or whatever."We lost track of you!" she quickly answered. "Your family said that you were kidnapped-.""Family...?!" I ask-demanded, startling her. "Those pieces of shit who liked beating me, got scared when I got my powers and dumped me in this cesspool city?" I was quick to make it clear that I had no family."B-but Dumbledore said-," she tried to defend but stopped at my glare with sparks in my eyes, literally. "He's the headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry! He placed you with t-the Dursley's.""I see," I replied, keeping my anger in check. "Then he dumped me on a doorstep," I muttered, which caused her to grimace. "So that is why you are here. You want me to go to this school?" I demanded only liking the idea because it meant I could get vengeance on this old fool and make some cute new friends."W-well yes," she quickly agreed. "It is a brilliant opportunity. You would normally go at age eleven, but we could not find you. Your abilities made traces impossible. But we plan to try fast tracking you to at least second year by Christmas, and if we can, third by next September.""So Potter was my father's name?" I asked her, uncertain. She nodded. "I see, but I prefer Evans. It is the name I've been under for most of my life.""Okay, but people won't like that as you're their saviour and that's a muggle name-.""I don't give a shit!" I interrupt. "They owe me! So they should use whatever name I choose!" I informed her, straight to the point, and disappointed in the name they seemed to use for non-powered humans. I had half expected them to call them mortals, which would have been just as silly."Reasonable," she replied with a sigh. "I'll have it sorted out, but be prepared for less reasonable people, such as the headmaster and his following, as well as egotistical pure-blooded wizards to not think so and still call you Potter.""It looks like I need to watch this headmaster!" I answered and she did not deny it. "I suppose this school could be entertaining if nothing else it will be fun ruining the schemes of morons. So, anyway, where do I get my school stuff? Also, you need to give me money, or hadn't you noticed I'm dirt poor?" I said, lying as I had a few hundred pounds in my purse, but I wanted someone else to pay."Well, your parents left you-.""Oh great, I'm going to find out I'm rich!" I muttered, annoyed, as the woman did not deny it. Though, I soon got over it as being rich sounded like it would be fun. "So who are you anyway? A teacher I figure?""Professor Minerva McGonagall," she quickly responded. "I'm the Deputy Headmistress and transfiguration teacher. And well. A nice good family has accepted to let you stay with them while not at school and they will see to your shopping," she added as she handed over a small gold key.I studied it for a moment before placing it away in my rubber purse as it saves money from my power. "So that is for a magical world safe or something in a bank?" I asked, curious as my purse went back into my pocket."Yes! Gringotts Wizarding Bank," she quickly agreed.I nodded thoughtfully before shrugging. "Okay, so how do we get to this family?" I asked quickly. "I need to get the hell out of here before I go on a rampage just to liven the place up!""O-oh right!" she said quickly as she offered me her right arm. "Just hold onto me and I can apparate us," she said confusing me. "It's a kind of teleportation so try not to use your ability while in transit or it could go horribly wrong!""Right," I said with a shrug as I gripped her arm. She winced a little so I quickly loosened my grip remembering not everyone can withstand my strength and I do not want to injure my ride. The woman didn't seem as bad as I had thought she would."It will feel odd and oppressive the first time," the old woman quickly said. "It feels like trying to squeeze through a tube that is much too small.""Okay," I nodded. "Let's go!" I said taking a deep breath to prepare myself.I quivered as I felt the squished, sucked through a straw feeling before it was gone and we were in a field outside a large wonky farmhouse on the outskirts of a small village. I shook off the feeling, quivering at the squished feeling."So who would live in a house like this?" I asked, grimacing as some cowboy builder had had a laugh at them with that bodge job. It looked like they had to use magic just to keep the place standing after getting screwed over."The Weasley's," she answered without a look as if anything was wrong. "They have two kids about your age. Well Ginevra is a year younger, and Ronald is your age. I'm sure you'll get along great!"I snorted, annoyed. "Yeah, with the girl, of course; not the boy; boys are only good for cannon fodder. There isn't a chance I would consent to hang out with one willingly like that! I bet this one is just a stupid douche bag anyway.""T-there is only one girl, and six boys, but two boys have left home!" she quickly said in worry to my annoyance.A few moments later, we had gotten to the door and she quickly knocked. I met with some fat jolly woman who would make a better Santa than some of the pervy jerks I have seen. The only thing jolly about them is the fact the children's parents let them sit on some strange unmarried fat douches lap.A few minutes later, the fatty  sorry  ginger-fatty was trying to hug me - fuck no. I let a spark lash out just to push her back, away from me. I couldn't stand people like her, thinking they can hug anyone because they're smaller than her, which was everyone.McGonagall said something to her about me not liking people touching me, which was perfectly true, unless I want them too; they're cute, and a lot younger than fatty. I'll admit I like red heads but ginger at a stretch if she were cute enough and had a super fine body, but in this case. NO, one thousand times, NO!Soon I was invited in. The Professor had left, and I was led into a large lounge. I was impressed the place was certainly nice and homely. It was not much of a mirror to the bad building work outside, but I thought it was best not to bother mentioning that.I was introduced to the primarily male family. First was Percy  a super douche bag who obviously wants to suck politician cock when he finished school this year. He was that much of a plebe that I wanted to smack him on sight.Then the twins barely avoided twin strikes of blue light as they attempted to offer their hands. Their mother was quick to reprimand them and tell them I don't like being touched. I honestly just read them and figured they would like the near death experience.The twins I figured were odd because instead of being afraid as they should have of my awesome powers they were amazed and admitted that I was cool. I internally shrugged as they're kind of funny, and a little humour is always a good thing.Next up was the ginger my age, Ronald the Moron. He looked like he deserved a kick in the balls just for looking at me that way. It was as if he expected me to like him. I didn't. I wanted to cut him with a giant knife. He had this clueless expression on his ugly face. I told him to go and fuck himself because I don't associate with deadbeat pricks.Molly Weasley tried to reprimand me as the moron stormed off muttering some crap about some old guy. I wondered if Ronald was into that kind of thing, but I cringed in disgust at the mere thought. He can go off with any old man he wanted for all I cared, but I didn't want to hear about it. I would have to scrub my brain if I kept thinking about his old man love.Next, I was introduced to this weirdo Arthur Weasley; the father of the family. He actually asked me what someone would use a rubber duck for. I was so close to telling him that muggles (the stupid word they use for non-magicals) stick them up their ass, but didn't need the hassle no matter how funny his expression would be.Then, last but certainly not least, the only member of this odd family I would want to know. Ginevra. Ginevra "Ginny" Weasley. She was cute and had my heart racing with the need to taste her lips. She was cute in all the correct ways.They all wore robes, but the way Ginny's hung to her small body was different somehow, making her sweeter. She had freckles dotting her nose and cheeks with pale skin. Her hair was a light red-orange hanging back, tied to her shoulder blades.She was a little smaller than I was with a small nose and cute lips. Her brow was crinkled sweetly as she shook my hand. I smiled at her, and she smiled in return, likely thankful that I hadn't shocked her. Her smile was nice and her chocolaty brown eyes lit up happily, as I held her hand in mine, my fingers were secretly caressing her soft skin."So I'll be sharing your room, babes?" I asked and she nodded her head, embarrassed as a cute little blush lit her cheeks on fire. "The Professor said that I'll be in first year till Christmas, so with any luck we'll be classmates after the New Year... so girl - want to show me to your room?" I asked hopeful, the quicker we leave, the quicker we're in bed, 'sleeping'.She nodded her head quickly as the others looked to her, confused. I had that reaction when the 'males' or whatever didn't know I don't like them on principle. Plus, I do not like the way they look, or look at me because they're jerks!"O-okay," she quickly agreed leading me away from everyone else with Molly Weasley calling after us that dinner would be soon. She looked like the sort of woman who could cook a nice meal, and I had heard good things about a home cooked meal by a mother, and looked forward to trying one."So this is your room?" I asked, even though I knew it was with the two small beds, the wardrobe, and the unicorn stickers. She was cute without even trying as I looked to one of the beds with some soft toys from bunnies to teddies.I was still holding her hand, and she was not trying to get me to let go so I was okay with everything. "Are you afraid of me?" I asked her, as she had not replied as I closed the door behind us."A-a little," she answered, startled as I kicked the beds together for more comfort and room for both of us."Why are you afraid, Ginny?" I asked her, moving into her space, my body pushed to hers as I held her hand firmly."Y-you're dangerous!" she said quickly. "The headmaster said you might have killed people before!" she said before her eyes flickered to the joint beds. "Y-you're Morgana Potter. You're not supposed to be like this, and"She was startled as my lips touched hers in a chased kiss. "There's a little more to you that that!" I retorted smartly as she quivered, weak in the knees. "You and I could be incredible together. Us, with other girls, we could make something more for ourselves, so just give in. What is so different about you compared with the others?""I-I'm empathic!" she quickly blurted out. "I-I can feel your emotions. The feelings of naughty feelings for me," she added, her cheeks fire red.I licked her lips and still she had not pulled back, just staring into my eyes. She was lost in me, and I loved the control of herself that she easily handed over to me. "Someone is trying to stop you using your gift?" I asked her and she nodded slowly."T-they say that I shouldn't. That it's wrong!" she replied. "B-but Dumbledore is afraid of me. He is scared of my power because I know when he is lying. He never tells the whole truth. He"I kissed her lips again. Her eyes drooped for a moment before I pulled back smirking at her. "Who cares? You should be relishing in your gift; for me Ginevra. We can pay this world back. Bring it to life. Live free!""O-oh yes," she whimpered, capturing my lips until I pulled from her."I have so many enemies that need putting in their place," I informed her. "Will you stand at my side? Hold my hand? Love me?!""Yes," she whispered as we kissed, tongues slipping inside each other's mouths, lost in that moment. I loved her taste, her feel, her body; she was mine."W-wow," she mumbled, quivering as I pulled back leaving her breathless, and with a dreamy expression as she swallowed, swooning over me. "W-why are w-we kissing?" she asked. "G-girls a-aren't supposed to kiss like that!" she said, uncertain, confused, baffled."Follow the heart, the body, and the soul," I replied quietly, smirking as I held her small body flush with mine, cuddling her. "But when it comes to pretty girls, our hormones are the best to follow!" I told her, leaning in to suck her small pink tongue in between my welcoming lips."Tonight and forever, you're all mine!" I mumble with her moist tongue in my mouth. "And together," I muttered into her soft loving, longing kiss. "We will change everything," I finished while I lowered her onto our bed, lying carefully on top of her, running my hands inside her robe, to her delicious butt beneath.to be continued
