Hi! Welcome to my new story. It'll be about ten chapters long, contain very explicit sex scenes and a lot of secrets.Synopsis:Kicked out of the house, Sirius finds shelter in the attic of newly divorced man. A man with secrets.What will Sirius be up to when he decides to unravel the mysteries around this mysterious yet kind man? Expliciet M/MWarning:M-rated for a reason! M/M, both implied and acting.I own nothing you recognize is name :)Light shone through the beautiful, round window of his attic room. Little specks of dust danced around them, betraying the room could do with a cleaning.It was spacious. It smelled of old memories and forests. The floorboard creaked three steps from the door and it was empty.That was apart from one couch, currently in the middle of the room. It was pretty. A creamy, velvet sofa with wooden edges. Not the whore house kind.It was pretty and classic. And it was this very couch Sirius Black holding on to while a middle-aged man plunged his hardly impressive cock up his arse.His jeans got stuck somewhere around his knees and his shirt had been lifted just enough for the man to have a good grip on his waist.It was just a guy he had met in just a bar in just a city. This city, actually. Acity he had never been before but stumbled upon after his parent's made him a life changing decision.A mere eight hours ago, Sirius had been kicked out of the house he had lived in his entire life. Kicked out by people who were supposed to give him a safe haven,a place he belonged. They had failed miserably, though. How they ever had been allowed to call themselves parents, he'd never know.So when he decided to spend the rest of his money on alcohol to get wasted and die underneath some bridge, a miracle occurred in the shape of a blue piece of paper.His subconscious, concealed in orgasm building body bend over the sofa, remembered.For rent;Attic room w/sink, spaciousPrice to be agreed uponHe moaned when the still not very big cock in again and Sirius slammed against the sofa. That sofa that was currently his only piece of furniture.Or belonging all together.' Ah, I see you've found the sofa.''It wasn't very hard to find.' Sirius grinned, motioning across the completely empty room.'Well. Yes. Sorry about that. She took pretty much everything. This is all she left.'The smile on the man's face was sad.'Can we move?' Sirius asked before he realized.'Wha-ha?' The man stuttered mid-trust.'Fuck me against the wall.' Sirius said, this time leaving no doubt about what he meant.Was it because he felt guilty for defiling his new landlord's sofa with a guy he only just met in some lousy bar? Apparently so.The man pushed him against the wall and Sirius moaned loud when he pushed his cock back in without further ado.He was growing tired of this, once again, meaningless fuck. Trust me. Getting fucked up your ass could grow tedious.Did this man never come? His subconscious tried to tell him something but he ignored it. Let's just get this over with.He tightened his muscles around that pulsing member and the man let out another loud groan,this time accompanied with a sound that was starting to form itself into Sirius' mind,hadn't he slipped a hand between his own legs to finish himself off seeing his selfish lover never thought of it.And therefore he didn't hear the noises. At least not before it was too late.Hasty footsteps on the stairs told him he had to do something but his brain was too occupied with building up an orgasm.He knew what was happening before he realized he should've acted on it.Pulled away, covered himself up, push the man under the sofa. Whatever. But it was too late now.The door was thrown open and another middle aged man with soft, brown hair and equally soft brown eyes walked in looking alarmed.'Are you alright, I heard a loud thud and a- oh.''Fuck!' The formerly mentioned lover mentioned at the sight of the man. 'Fuck!' He averted his face from the intruder,quickly zipping up his pants (quite the challenge with a boner) and grabbed his coat from the sofa.His feet were loud as he stomped down the stairs until they heard a door slam.In the meantime, Sirius' new found landlord was still staring in shock.In an attempt to save the last of his dignity Sirius pulled up his own jeans and buttoned it up before looking back at his landlord,finding the man as flushed as he was.'I.. Just. Right.' And he backed away, closed the door and walked back downstairs.'Well, fuck that.'Sirius flopped down on the sofa, sighed deep once. Twice. And unbuttoned his pants again.His hard on sprung free as he hadn't been wearing underwear.He had the strange feeling his new landlord would be as little pleased with this discovery as his parents had been.So he could just as well make his last few minutes under a roof last. And so he did. Oh he did.Well just a little introduction chapter. Next ones will be longer with a lot more interaction with said landlord.Guess who that is huh. Huh?
