Chapter 1: The Start of Many ThingsDisclaimer: J.K. Rowling owns Harry PotterAN: My first try at a FemHarry, hope you all like it! This has been years in the making, I tell you!Looking Beyond: Chapter One: The Start of Many ThingsWeasley family outings were rare, and even rarer were the ones that occurred in the Muggle World. So George was a bit surprised when their dad took them out to a local zoo, in Surrey, he believed, especially since they would be leaving for Hogwarts the next day. The exhibits were alright, but it was the girl sitting in the snake area that caught his attention, distracting him from the animals.That wasn't too surprising, but he had never shown much of an interest in girls though, he knew Fred was very much into their teammate Angelina Johnson. But, he had to admit, she was definitely eye-catching. Her hair was a dark red, probably closer in color to rose petals, barely dusting her shoulders in tousled waves that he was sure Ginny would kill for -if her hair was long enough-, and he could barely see a sliver of green that was her eyes, brighter than any green he'd seen in anyone's eyes. She was cute, he supposed, but small and pale, perhaps Ron's age, but he couldn't be sure. It almost looked as though she had been deprived of sunlight and proper nutrition. Her jeans were ratty and peppered with holes and she had bunched her shirt into hair tie at the back, turning the tail inward so it fit her frame better. One of her legs was stuck outward in an odd black brace; it looked uncomfortable.People just passed her by, almost as if they didn't notice her at all, which was strange to George, because he thought she should have garnered a bit more attention being the only one not looking at any of the exhibits, with her focus entirely on the paper and book open on her lap."What happened to the snake?" he asked out loud, referring to the empty tank in front of her, faintly aware of his family leaving him behind and of Fred's curious glance back.Her pen at least, that's what he thought it was- stilled after a moment and her head twisted upwards to pierce him with those bottle green eyes. The orbs narrowed slightly, filling with suspicion as she looked him up and down before returning to her work."It escaped," she said in a voice that betrayed her exhaustion. It sounded too old to come from a child. "In a burst of accidental magic." Her voice had a strange lilt, like a cross between nobility and uncultured, but it wasn't unpleasant.George's jaw unhinged as he stared at her. How did she know he was a wizard?She arched an crimson eyebrow, before sighing and proceeding to stuff her things into her bag books that he now could see dealt mostly with magic, but looking too advanced for someone her age. "Don't look so surprised; most kids your age hate coming to the zoo, let alone being as awed by it.""And what about you?" George asked curiously."What about me?" she asked a little miffed, brushing her hair from her face as she stood, a beaded strand of her hair catching the light as she did so. "I'm just a witch."Fred called his name in the distance and she smiled at him. "See you around, Wizard-boy." She winked and her green eyes shimmered an identical blue to his before returning to green in an instant as she disappeared through the throng of people with a fairly obvious limp, the brace making strange noises as it connected with stone.Only after she left did George realize she hadn't told him her name.Hope Potter was regretting that visit to the zoo when she got home, feeling very much like her leg was on fire. She rested the bag of ice she had stolen from the kitchen on the jagged and obvious dark pink scar that ran across one of her shins, the only symbol of the car accident that had rendered her immobile. She really hated Dudley now, for pushing her in front of that car. It was a miracle she was even civil to the boy, in her opinion, she should be throttling him. But she didn't. Being angry took too much energy. She winced, flexing her toes, ceasing the movement after a shock of pain shot up her leg. She hated being crippled.Wrinkling her nose, Hope leaned over the bed to pull her heavy trunk towards her. It may have looked like an average school trunk, but it had cost her a pretty penny and had been worth every galleon, with an incredible extension charm. The trunk was almost full with her uniform (and casual wear), potion supplies, and second hand books that had once belonged to her mother her aunt had apparently kept them out of sentiment, letting them gather dust in the attic- and a good dozen that she had either picked up from the family vault the books being the only thing she could remove while being underage- or had bought at Flourish and Blotts.For once, she actually had clothes that fit her. Most of them were second-hand and from local charity shops in surprisingly good condition- including her new and old- converses that were only a little too big for her. It was nice to own something that Dudley hadn't thrown away. And all of her things had been packed away as September first was nearly upon her. She was very eager to get away from Privet Drive, away from her family.She glanced in the mirror, and she saw what she always saw; the face of her dead mother. She could see it in the shape and shade of her eyes, in the colour of her hair. She hated how much she looked like her dead mother, and she knew that's all anyone would see when they looked at her. She lifted a hand to pull on the ends of her short hair, not regretting cutting it from how long it had been before."A fresh start," she murmured, a small smile creeping onto her face. "Yes, I think I'll like that."If there was one thing Hope could say that she honestly hated, it was crowds. She was not at all in her element being pushed to and fro, sending a flare of pain up her leg before she finally managed to get her trunk to the train door, but there was no way she was going to be able to heave the trunk into the train with her leg in its condition."Want a hand?"She turned swiftly on heel, almost spraining the ankle of her already messed up leg in her surprise. "Wizard-boy.""Mystery-girl," he mocked in return.She opened her mouth to say something and then looked down a bit confused. Mystery-girl? Had she come off mysterious before? She hadn't tried to."That looks serious," the boy said kindly, referring to how her leg was in its brace. "Does it hurt?"Hope wrinkled her nose slightly. "Not as much anymore, but, yeah, a little," she admitted."How'd you know I was a wizard?" he asked this time, more curious.So he hadn't bought her other excuse, what a surprise, even though it was true. She sighed. "I could see the handle of your wand sticking out of your pocket, happy?""Exceptionally," he agreed with a wide grin, before repeating his earlier words, "Need a hand?""Yes, please," she said gratefully, her cheeks still flushing slightly from when her eyes had met his vibrant blue ones. She had never seen eyes that colour, bright and dark azure at the same time."George," the boy said, holding out his hand, his lips set in a smile. "Since you ran off before.""Hope," she said, almost shyly, but that wouldn't have been much her style, sliding her hand into his. "I can assure you running is something that I am hardly capable of."George's smile shifted into a smirk before he called over his shoulder. "Oy, Fred! C'mere and help!"His twin raced over to assist him, and in no time Hope's luggage was tucked into the overhead compartment."Thanks," she said gratefully, brushing the hair from her eyes, an action that drew their attention automatically."What's that?" the second one, Fred, asked, pointing at the scar on her forehead. She grimaced."Blimey!" George said, his eye widening comically in realization. "Are you-?""She is," Fred said before directing his attention to Hope, "aren't you?""What?" Hope asked, flummoxed."Hope Potter," they chorused in unison.She arched an eyebrow at them in return. "Yes.""Why didn't you say anything?" George demanded, struck dumb.Hope shrugged her shoulders disinterested. "It's just a name, nothing special, trust me."She shifted uncomfortably under their stares before attempting to stumble onto the train, and she probably wouldn't have made it on if George hadn't gripped her elbows and lifted her up. She blushed. "Thanks."His smile was nice enough as she shut the door, the pair disappearing once their mother called out their names. They turned back briefly, giving identical waves with smiles that lit their eyes. She waved back, feeling genuine for once.The train ride was rather pleasant and she had made a new friend, the youngest brother of Fred and George. She considered that a major accomplishment because she hadn't really ever had any friends before. Fred and George had stopped by briefly to check up on Ron and introduce themselves fully to her, and she thought that was sweet. After that, she and Ron had plenty of time to talk, before they were interrupted yet again, only this time by the boy who she'd met in Madame Malkin's, Draco Malfoy, apparently was his name, and she attained an instant dislike towards him. Pure-blood supremacists, if there ever were any, which she was certain there were. But that had occurred hours ago, and now she was standing next to Ron outside the massive doors that led to the Great Hall, feeling her nerves set in.She had never been so nervous in her whole life, that much she was sure of."Have your brothers ever said how they sort you?" she hissed to Ron, her heart beating rather rapidly in her rib cage."Some sort of test," he whispered back. "Fred said it hurt a lot...I'm sure he was joking, though," he added when her face went stark white.A test like that would be highly improbably, they were, after all, just a bunch of eleven year olds. It would be cruel to subject them to something painful...so what would it be? Before she could even ponder that, Professor McGonagall had reappeared once more, causing all the murmurs to cease in an instant."Now, form a line, and follow me," was all she said as she led them through the doors.Hope was instantly in awe of the massive room beyond the doors, being far more impressive than anything she'd ever seen. There were more candles than she could count, illuminating the four long tables and the Head Table at the front, dangling high up in the air without suspension. There were so many faces baring down on them solid as well as transparent blue- that Hope felt the need to stare at the ground in an effort to avoid them all. Staring made her very uncomfortable, especially since her damaged leg gave her a lot of unwanted attention.She had to glance up rather quickly when she heard the rustic singing, coming from a hat of all things! What kind of school was this, anyways?'Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,But don't judge on what you see,I'll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There's nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can't see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in HufflepuffWhere they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,If you've a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou'll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on! Don't be afraid!And don't get in a flap!You're in safe hands (though I have none)For I'm a Thinking Cap!'She was still staring at it even after the song had ended and the whole hall had burst into applause. Was this normal?"It's just a hat!" Ron laughed to Hope. "I'm going to kill Fred! He said we were going to have to wrestle a troll!"Hope chuckled weakly, but trying on the hat was not going to make her any less nervous. She hoped it didn't have any high expectations for her, no one ever did."When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted," she said, gesturing to the stool beside her as she lifted the hat from it, reading the first name on her list, "Abbott, Hannah!"A blonde-haired girl stumbled out of the line, trembling slightly as she sat on the stool, the hat dropping onto her head. "HUFFLEPUFF!"Hope jumped violently at both the yell and the explosion of cheering to the right, the table that Hannah scrambled over to."Bones, Susan!""HUFFLEPUFF!"The list went on with sporadic calls of "RAVENCLAW!", "HUFFLEPUFF!", "GRYFFINDOR!", and "SLYTHERIN!". Her anxiety increased as the names were called, steadily growing closer to the P's. She was starting to feel truly sick to her stomach when "Potter, Hope!" was called out.Whispers broke out suddenly as she removed herself from the line, the steady click of her cane connecting with the stone floor as she limped forward."Potter, did she say?""The Hope Potter?""What'd she do to that leg?"She tried her best to ignore how the students and teachers in the hall were craning to see her before the brim of the hat hid them from view."Ah," a small voice, the same rustic tone that the song had been sung it, "an enigma, are you? A remarkable mind...quite loyal too, with courage, such courage! And a thirst to prove yourself...but where shall I put you?"Hope bit her lip."What?" the hat's voice had grown amused. "No preference?""What's the point?" she thought back. "Aren't you supposed to choose?"It chuckled. "Analyze yourself, Miss Potter, look beyond the shell and gaze within to who you truly are."She recoiled slightly in surprise. "Analyze...?" She thought briefly for a moment. "I am smart," she admitted, "more street-smart than book-smart, but I do like to learn, more about things that many disregard, but I'm not the studious type; trouble and I tend to go hand in hand. I don't know much about loyalty, I've only had one friend, other than that, the only thing I'm loyal to is my parents' memory. Ambitious...I suppose, but not overtly so; I'm not the type to step over others to reach my goals. Brave...well, I'm not afraid to stand up for what I believe, if that's what you mean."She could swear the hat was smirking when it spoke a few last words in her mind, before speaking her house aloud. "Very good, you really must come visit me...Your grandfather may not be pleased, Miss Potter, but I will be sending you to...GRYFFINDOR!"Her face lit up at the loudest cheer yet filled the hall and she made her way towards the table, sliding into the area next to Hermione Granger, laughing aloud as Fred and George did a little victory dance, yelling "We got Potter! We got Potter!"Was this what a new start felt like? She found she quite liked it.And just like that, she completely forgot about the hat's comment about her grandfather.Hope really shouldn't have tested her luck, but in all honesty, she really couldn't resist. She hadn't been able to sleep a few hours ago, and it was now nearing midnight. After all her dorm mates had gone to sleep, Hope had snuck out, her feet taking her to the top of the Astronomy Tower. She wasn't sure how long she stayed there, but it was long enough to convince her that it was one of the best places on earth, where you could see the stars so very clearly. She couldn't get a view like that from her window at Privet Drive.No one bothered her until she was nearly back to the portrait hole."My, my. Already sneaking out after dark, Miss Potter?" One voice chided in the darkness, sending a chill down her spine."A girl after my own heart," said the second voice as a pair of identical (almost) red-heads grinning down at her.Hope Potter relaxed her posture slightly, wincing (obviously) at the white-hot flare of pain that shot up her injured leg. She leaned her arm against the wall, and the second one George- was instantly apologetic."Sorry, didn't mean to startle you.""Its fine," Hope said through gritted teeth, releasing a tired sigh as the feeling faded. "You get used to it after awhilecausing trouble already?"The identical smirks bared down on her as their answer and she chuckled under her breath."So," Fred began."What're you doing-" Fred continued."-out so late?" they both finished.She stared, bemused. "Do you always finish each other's sentences like that?""Always," they chirped.Her green eyes twinkled in amusement, but she didn't comment on it."You never answered our question," George reminded her, the pair becoming thoroughly confused when a growing flush of embarrassment appeared on the Girl-Who-Lived's cheeks."I was star-gazing," she admitted, brushing past them and towards the Fat Lady, leaving the Weasley Twins rather puzzled as to why she was star-gazing.Hope could be found the next morning going through the books she had haphazardly stuffed into her bag, while eating her food half-heartedly. "What's our first class today?" she asked her friend, Ron Weasley, glancing over the contents, ensuring that her ink wouldn't spill where it was."Potions!" he groaned into his porridge. "I've heard he's horrid!""Too true-""Little bro'."Hope arched an eyebrow as the pair slid into the seat next to Ron and opposite her. George winked and Fred grinned."What?" she asked slowly and suspiciously."Oh, nothing," Fred said in a faux-innocent voice that convinced no one."Just wanting to know," George continued with another roguish wink (Hope could feel her cheeks pinking; was he doing that on purpose?)."What you were doing in the Astronomy Tower-""At midnight last night."Hope's vibrant eyes narrowed. "Are you always this inquisitive?""Only when we catch ickle first years sneaking out after hours," Fred informed her solemnly."Congrats!" George gave her a double thumbs up. "You are officially a rebel!"Her lips twitched in amusement. "Is that so?" She glanced to Ron who rolled his eyes at her. "Besides," she added, "I told you last night I was star-gazing. Come on, Ron, let's get going."Ron shoveled one last mouthful of breakfast into his mouth as he joined his friend on the way to class."Did you really sneak out last night?" Ron was a bit in awe of her, slowing his pace to match hers."Is that so surprising?" she asked in amusement."A bit," he admitted."You are talking to someone who perfected the art of lock-picking at the age of five and routinely stole from the grocery store," Hope responded just as easily before sitting down in the seat beside him. "I'm no saint, trust me."Ron shook his head, laughing slightly but abruptly halting when the door slammed shut by the professor that many feared.Hope didn't think he looked like much. His skin was sallow from potion fumes, his dark robes making it more obvious, his lips curled into a permanent frown. It was easy to take note of such things when you grew up trying to figure out whether or not to avoid your aunt and uncle. The hate in his eyes as they glanced over her in barely a second was clearly perceivable and it confused Hope."Ah, yes," he said, his snide voice soft, almost dangerously so, but not quite, "Hope Potter. Our new- celebrity."Hope's eyebrow twitched, but other than that, her face displayed no other signs of emotion. She had the perfect poker face, Ron had to admit. She carefully ignored the sniggers of the arrogant Purebloods that she had met on the train."You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of Potion-making. As there is little foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I don't expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquid that creeps through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the sensesI can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, and even stopper death  if you aren't as big a bunch of dunderheads that I usually have to teach." It was an enthralling speech, or at least, it would have been, had Hope been listening, but she was currently fascinated by the sheer number of potion bottles littering the room with varying colours and substances within."Potter!" She almost jumped, her eyes coming off a bit wild. "What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?"Hope sulked briefly at how he was picking her out, ignoring how Hermione's irritating hand shot up off to the side of her and Ron. She wracked her brain briefly. "The Draught of Living Deathright?"He seemed slightly surprised that she would know that, but she had only known about that one because it caused a death-like trance."And where would I find a bezoar?""Inside the stomach of a goat," Hope recited, having read it in Antidotes to Common Poisons. However, she was growing tired of the game."What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?"Now, Hermione's hand was almost connecting with the ceiling as she had stood up."Oh, I don't know, Professor, perhaps you should ask Hermione instead," Hope replied with a touch of boredom leaking into her voice. A few people laughed, and Seamus winked at her; she gave him one in return, her lips twitching upwards slightly.Snape wasn't too pleased, though, and proceeded to give them a lecture on where and what they properly were."A point will be taken from Gryffindor for your cheek, Potter."The second he turned his back, Hope stuck out her tongue in blatant disrespect, earning her an annoyed noise from Hermione, which she ignored.The lesson went downhill from there, and Hope found herself wishing that she didn't have him as her teacher because clearly he had some unresolved issues to work out. Hope had never hated a teacher, but as she left Snape's class, she was sure she would hate him."Don't get too upset," Ron consoled her, "Snape's always taking points off Fred and George. Can I come meet Hagrid with you?""Sure," Hope said, "but what do your brothers do to lose points?"Ron rolled his eyes. "They're pranksters; a better question is what haven't they done?"Hope laughed aloud, her eyes lighting up in such a way that Professor McGonagall who was walking by was distinctly reminded of a young Lily Evans.Hope limped over to one of the library's shelves, replacing the books she had used to finish her essays where they belonged. She glanced over to the main table; she was still there. Daphne Greengrass, she thought her name was, a Slytherin, but she didn't mind. Daphne had come in the library around the same time as her, but it was clear that she was struggling with that Transfiguration essay.The blonde jumped a bit when Hope dropped the book she'd used for her essay onto the space next to her.She gave an apologetic smile to the girl. "Sorry, just thought you'd want this for the Transfiguration essay."Daphne's big blue eyes stared at her, then at the book. "Er...thanks.""No problem," Hope said cheerfully as she pulled her bag over her shoulders and gripped her cane under her hand, moving with surprising grace towards the exit. It hadn't occurred to either of them that that was the first instance of civility between a Gryffindor and a Slytherin in over a decade.Hope had to blink rather suddenly when her feet were lifted from the ground and she found herself with her arms around George Weasley's neck and her legs around his waist-the brace having been removed earlier that day by Madame Pomfrey who had told her that her leg had healed enough that she could go without it. Amusement and embarrassment lit her features."Weasley, are you this sweet to all the new girls?" she asked in a light voice, winking to the boy's twin who snickered."Just the pretty ones!" George informed her in a light voice, making her cheeks burn pink."Mr. Weasley! Miss Potter! What in the name of Merlin are you doing?!"Three heads twisted to the right to see a stunned Professor McGonagall."We're going on an adventure!" Fred said, striking a dramatic pose. "And the fair maiden is not permitted to walk, so we have brought this mighty steed to whisk her away!""I know you didn't just compare me to a horse, Freddie!""Oh, I think I did, Georgie!"Hope couldn't help but burst out into peals of laughter at the combined antics of the twins and the expression colouring Professor McGonagall's face.AN: Review if you can, I enjoy them so very much!
