Chapter One: Goin' Back To Hogwarts"Are you sure you want to do this?" asked Ron as he pushed Hermione's trolley through the crowded platform. Crookshanks was lying asleep in his wicker basket, which had been placed near the handles.Hermione reached out and squeezed Ron's arm with affection."Yes," she said, her voiced filled with a mix of determination and confusion. "It's just something I need to do."Ron leaned across and kissed Hermione gently on the lips. In taking his eyes away from the crowd, he managed to hit the ankles of the person in front of him."Watch where you're going!" a gruff voice said angrily. The Muggle turned around and flashed Ron a warning look. The Weasley boy flushed red, embarrassed."What about you?" Harry asked Ginny. He was not pushing her trolley. He had asked her, but she snapped back that she was not helpless, and out of fear that he would finally experience the wrath of her bat bogey hex, he had not argued. "Are you sure you want to go back?"Before Ginny could answer, Molly Weasley, who had been walking next to her daughter, flashed Harry a look that told him that all had already been decided upon. He smiled meekly and did not bring the subject up again.Platforms nine and ten were unusually busy today. Parents were clinging to their children, not ready to let them go. Months had passed since the Dark Lord had fallen, but the fear was still there.As Harry and the others approached the wall, whispers broke out. Children were pointing and staring as the family walked past. Harry felt himself grow red. In his eight years in the wizarding world, he had never gotten used to his level of fame.Ron, however, was revelling in the attention. He had helped defeat Voldemort, so he sure as hell was going to soak up all the attention people were willing to give him. His posture changed. He walked proudly as he pushed Hermione's trolley up to the barrier.He began to walk towards said barrier, but tripped up on a loose shoelace. Titters spread across the platform. Ron straightened himself up, and pushed the trolley. He and Hermione disappeared into the wall.The noise did not die down with that. Harry and Ginny approached the barrier, and there were cries of 'That's Harry Potter!' audible.The two took a deep breath and advanced towards the barrier. Harry closed his eyes, and by the time he opened them, he was on Platform 9 , and the bright scarlet Hogwarts Express was visible. Steam filled the crowded platform.Instinctively, Harry looked around to catch sight of people he knew, but there was no one. He sighed and turned his attention back to Ginny. She too was taking in the surroundings.After everything that had happened the previous year, it was a strange sensation to see everything going on as normal. The atmosphere was clouded with a sense of both worry and relief. Parents were hugging their children tightly, and children were pushing them away, desperate to board the train."I don't see why you just join us," Ron was saying to Hermione for perhaps the hundredth time. Hermione shook her head and rolled her eyes, refusing to answer. She had told him many times that being an Auror just wasn't her thing. She wanted to complete her education and move into the Ministry, just as she had planned to do when she was fourteen.Ginny reached her hand out, and Harry grasped it tightly."It's only a year," she whispered to him. Harry nodded and squeezed her hand again. Ginny coughed and then released her hand from his.She surveyed the train once more, which stood on the tracks, bright and shining. It was almost a beacon of hope. Things would be back to normal because the Hogwarts Express stood tall and proud."It's going to be quieter without you," she said, almost jokingly. Harry grinned broadly and let out a sigh."No Dementors, no three-headed dogs, no Chamber of Secrets monster," he said, running his hand through his messy black hair. "What will you do for excitement?""I don't know," Ginny said, shrugging. "I might blow up a toilet.""Ginny!" Molly snapped."Just send me the seat," Harry returned, winking. Molly placed her hands on her hips and let out a tutting noise."I will," Ginny shot back. "I'll get some help from Peeves."Before Harry could respond, the shrill whistle of the train sounded out. Parents reluctantly released their children from their iron grips. Some boarded the train filled with excitement, others with trepidation.Ron and Molly pushed the two trolleys over to the train, leaving Harry standing in silence with Ginny and Hermione."Take care," he said, moving in between them, and throwing his arms around their shoulders."We will," Hermione replied, her voice filled with melancholy as she thought of fallen friends."Don't get into too much trouble without me," he added in an attempt to cheer her up.Neither answered. They were both looking into one of the windows of the train. They could see Luna Lovegood sitting by herself, her nose buried in what they assumed to be The Quibbler. Hermione shrugged Harry's arm off of her shoulder, and taking the hint, he let go of Ginny too."Bye," Harry said as Hermione made her way over to Ron. She threw her arms around his neck and hugged him tightly."I'll see you at Christmas," Ginny said, smiling. Harry grinned back. He'd forgotten how much joy her slightly crooked smile brought him. It had been away for far too long."I'll be expecting an owl with that toilet seat," he joked, and Ginny laughed softly."I don't think Pig can handle it," she retorted, and Harry rolled his eyes."I'll send..." he stopped in his tracks. He shivered, and the smile left his face. Hedwig. He still hadn't gotten used to her not being there.The train's whistle sounded again, this time louder."Look, I have to go," Ginny said with reluctance. She moved in to kiss him."Ginny!"She stopped, her face inches from his."You'll be late!" It was Molly.Ginny turned her head away from Harry to look at her mother."I'm coming," she shot back. She smiled meekly at Harry, who nodded."I'll see you at Christmas," he said to her softly. She looked at him one last time before jogging to the train. She turned around, waved, and walked onto the Hogwart's Express.Harry watched on with a sense of melancholy. How he wished he was going home.He pushed through the crowd of anxious parents and indifferent siblings until he was next to the window where he had seen Luna earlier. Ginny and Hermione had joined her.He placed his hand on the cold glass, and Ginny reached out and covered his small hand with her smaller one.Luna waved madly, and Harry nodded to her in acknowledgement. The final whistle sounded, and a gust of steam billowed out from under the train."Stand back, Harry," he heard Ron say, but he could not tear his eyes away from his girlfriend.The sound of the wheels began to fill the platform, and suddenly the train jerked forward. Harry's hand snapped away from the window. The three girls waved back at him as the train started to slowly move.He jogged along as the crimson engine began its journey. As it gathered speed, so did he, until he came to the edge of the platform. As the train sped away, there was nothing left for him to do but wave.Ginny watched as Harry's figure faded into the distance, her hand still pressed up against the window. Slowly she allowed it to fall away, and she took her seat once more."You two are too much," Hermione giggled."You're one to talk," Ginny snapped back playfully."I think it's sweet," Luna added in her airy voice. "Oh! Someone saw a Crumple-Horned Snorkack in Australia!"Luna turned all her attention back to her magazine, and Ginny and Hermione laughed warmly.Once the laughter died away, all that could be heard was the sound of the wheels hitting the tracks, and the occasional snore emanating from the wicker cage that housed Crookshanks."What did you do for this holiday, Luna?" Hermione asked, wanting to eliminate the silence. The sound of nothing left her alone with her memories, and those frightened her more than anything else."I went looking for Wrackspurts," she said, not tearing her eyes away from the glossy magazine in front of her. "I spent a lot of time with my family. I visited my mother's grave a lot.""I think we all did that," Ginny added, thinking of Fred.There was another brief silence."I went to Australia," Hermione said to her friend, desperate for the conversation to continue. Luna folded The Quibbler shut and placed it on the empty seat next to her."Did you happen to see any Crumple-Horned Snorkacks?"Hermione shook her head."I tracked down Wendell and Monica Wilkins," she said, tears beginning to form in the corners of her eyes. She blinked them away before they could fall. "It took a while. Who knew Australia was that big?" she asked, even though she herself knew."Who are Wendell and Monica Wilkins?" Luna asked, her voiced still tinged with an innocence long lost in others."Wendell and Monica Wilkins are my parents," Hermione cried with joy. She allowed the tears that had been threatening to spill fall.Luna did not say anything in response. Instead she reached across from her seat and pulled Hermione into a loose embrace.Neither spoke, and Luna felt a lump form in her throat. Ginny felt like crying, she felt like screaming. She stood up from the soft, slightly frayed seat, brushed past the hugging duo and went out into the corridor.The atmosphere outside was decidedly less triumphant. It was a sombre affair. She recognised people who had lost parents, siblings, and friends, wandering from carriage to carriage, feeling lost and alone.Ginny knew how they felt.She took a few deep breaths, composing herself. She felt silly. She wasn't the first person in the world to lose somebody they loved. But it felt like she was. She looked around at those laughing and wondered how they could do it so easily, she heard snatches of conversations not about death and destruction and she couldn't see what else there was to talk about.She exhaled deeply, and turned back to the compartment door. She pushed it open and slid back in, taking a seat close to the door. Hermione had begun to change into her robes, prepared as always."Really, Hermione?" she asked, grinning as the bushy-haired girl straightened her tie."Why not?" she asked, shooting Ginny a look of confusion. "It doesn't hurt to be prepared.""Prepared for what? The worst thing that'll happen is you change at the last minute.""Along with everyone else," she returned, folding her arms across her chest to indicate she felt the conversation was over.Ginny didn't fight back. She was surprised at how heated the whole exchange had gotten.The repetitive sound of the wheels hitting the tracks faded into the background. It was a comfortable constant that Ginny found soothing. Luna had given up reading her Quibbler, and was now engulfed in a slightly battered copy of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Hermione was looking out at the fields as they train flew past, the sky turning a shade somewhere between orange and pink. They would be at Hogsmeade Station very soon.The silence wasn't comfortable at all. It was filled with an air of awkwardness, almost to an oppressive level. Ginny wanted to talk, but didn't know what about. Hermione had begun to think of the battle yet again, the events of which had been playing in her mind ever since it had been won. Luna remained blissfully ignorant of the internal conflicts of her two friends, and they both admired her for it.Ginny decided it was time to change. The station would be in sight soon, and Hermione's words about changing too late hung in the air. She and Luna pulled on their robes in a hurry, and then sat back down, a sense of excitement finally filling the compartment."It'll be good to be home," Lune said in a childlike voice."If it still feels like home," Hermione replied to nobody in particular."It will," Ginny said, determination in her voice. "We'll make sure of it."As the Thestral-drawn carriage made its way up the long drive past the magnificent wrought iron Entrance Gates, Ginny leaned back to admire the castle that loomed ahead. She glanced down at the horrifying creatures that pulled the carriages, and then looked back up at the castle that had been her second home for so long. Images of her brother filled her mind, thoughts of Lupin and Tonks and Lavender. She had not known any of them as well as she would have liked, and now she would never have that opportunity.Her mind flicked away from the dead, back to the castle itself. She wondered what had been done. She wondered whether everything was how it once was. But she knew that it never would be."Ginny, are you okay?" Hermione patted Ginny's arm gently, pulling her out of her reverie."Yeah," Ginny said."Was it the Wrackspurts?" Luna asked in a dreamy voice.Ginny turned to look at her, a small smile on her face. She was glad to discover that even though everything was drastically different, Luna was still very much like her old self. She didn't answer Luna, but instead said, "I've missed you."Luna responded by giving Ginny a Butterbeer cork necklace that was identical to the one she wore around her neck. She reached into her pocket and pulled one out for Hermione too."It's to keep away the Nargles," she told them. Both Ginny and Hermione accepted the necklaces and put them around their necks. Luna beamed at them.When their carriage came to a stop outside the stairs that led up to the castle's double oak doors, Luna was the first one out of the carriage. Ginny and Hermione were more hesitant. They looked at each other, not knowing what to do, feeling overwhelmed. Ginny could see the fear in Hermione's eyes. She wondered if Hermione could see those same feelings in her eyes. After some time, Ginny squeezed Hermione's hand to let her know that everything was going to be okay, and followed Luna out.What had once been a clean and welcoming sight was now tinged with death and destruction. Piles of rubble were still strewn across the courtyard that had been one of the key battlefields of the War. The bloodstains had been magicked away, but pieces of the castle wall were enough of a reminder of the massacre that had taken place four months ago.Ginny felt herself shudder. She had seen people fall, the good guys, the Death Eaters. Death was death, and what she saw would never leave her. As she, Hermione and Luna followed the swarm of students into the Entrance Hall, Ginny found herself looking around, soaking in her surroundings. Amongst the feelings of loss and pain, Ginny felt something she hadn't expected to feel: amazement. She was amazed that despite the events that occurred four months ago, Hogwarts had undergone a major facelift in an attempt to restore the school to its former glory.As they entered the Great Hall, Ginny saw that the four House tables were no longer there. Instead, smaller picnic-sized tables had been scattered throughout the Hall, with a space in the middle of the room large enough to be an aisle. Hermione found them an empty table, and they were soon joined by some fourth-year Ravenclaw boys. Luna had buried her nose in The Quibbler again, while Ginny looked around the Hall. She noticed that while Gryffindor, Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw students were mingling, the Slytherins isolated themselves, deciding to sit in the position of their old House table.A hush fell over the crowded room as the double doors opened to reveal Professor Flitwick and a group of nervous-looking first-years. Ginny was surprised to see that so many of them had left home so close after the devastation of four months ago, but she remembered that she had decided to return too. Life had to go on.There were sniggers in the crowd as Professor Flitwick and the first-years took their first few steps into the Hall. It was evident that Professor Flitwick was carrying more than he could handle - the three legged stool, which was almost as tall as him, was in his right hand, while the magically repaired Sorting Hat was in his left. Hagrid lumbered forward to help him out, and without any further incidents, the first-years made it to the front of the Hall unscathed.Professor Flitwick cleared his throat and said in his squeaky voice, "When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted." One of the first-years let out a nervous giggle. Professor Flitwick looked down at the roll of parchment that he was holding and said, "Anthony, Georgiana."A tall, brown-haired girl stepped forward timidly, put on the Sorting Hat and sat on the stool. There was a moment's pause before the Hat shouted, "RAVENCLAW!"Shouts and cheers came from various points in the room, as the Ravenclaw students were scattered. Georgiana Anthony went to sit at an empty table, which was reserved for the first-years.The crowd fell silent again as another name was called, "Baker, Wilson."The Hat took much longer to decide this time, and whispers that had broken out had to be quelled by Filch, who was pacing up and down the side of the Hall.Finally, the Hat decided on, "SLYTHERIN!" and the far right of the Hall exploded with cheers.Ginny's eyes wandered away from the Sorting Ceremony to the High Table, where all the teachers were sitting. As she looked from one end to the other, she realised that she recognised most of them, which meant that a lot of them had chosen to return. Professor McGonagall sat in the golden chair in the middle. On either side of her were Professor Slughorn and an empty chair which Ginny assumed belonged to Professor Flitwick. Next to that chair, sitting in Snape's old seat, was a tall, blond man wearing a shimmery, silver robe that looked like it was made of the most delicate of silks. Ginny bit her lip to hide her small smile. He reminded her of Gilderoy Lockhart. Ginny assumed he was the new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, and she wondered if this man knew what he was getting into - everyone knew that Defence Against the Dark Arts was the hardest job. She tore her eyes away from him to glance around the Hall to see if anyone else had noticed the new addition to the High Table.The majority of the room was staring at him. Even some of the teachers were stealing glances. It was only when Professor McGonagall rose from the centre chair that the hullabaloo died down.She approached the little podium where Professor Dumbledore had always given his speech. She coughed, and before long all the eyes had left the mysterious professor and were now focused on her."Good evening," she began, her voice seemed frailer than it had ever been. Ginny assumed that it was the war that had taken it out of her. "First, I would like to welcome you here to Hogwarts. It's not much, but it's home."Ginny smiled, Professor McGonagall would make all her fears go away."I'm not going to say much now, because I'm sure you're all quite hungry," she looked around at all the faces staring up at her. "I'm not even bothering with the School Song, because why we must sing that dreadful thing every year I do not know..."A few giggles emanated from the students, who were well aware of Professor Dumbledore's fondness for it."So eat up, drink, and be merry," she concluded, raising her arms. Food began to magically fill the plates in front of the students. Many of the first years watched in amazement and delight. Ginny looked down at her own plate, heard her stomach grumbling and dug in."I forgot how good Hogwarts food was..." one of the fourth-year Ravenclaw boys on their table said with his mouth full.Hermione gave him a disgusted glare, "It's only good because enslaved house elves are forced to prepare and cook it.""Come on Hermione," Ginny rolled her eyes. "Not spew again.""What's spew?" another boy wrinkled his nose."Not spew," Hermione said quickly. "S.P.E.W. The Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare."The Ravenclaw boys looked at her bewilderedly before bursting into laughter."They need our help more than ever!" Hermione said vehemently. When no one looked convinced, she said quietly, "They fought in the war too."The boys stopped laughing in an instant and hastily shoved food into their mouths to avoid talking. Luna had preoccupied herself with braiding her hair, but Ginny knew that she was listening. Ginny was the only one who looked at Hermione."Whatever we're feeling now, I know that they feel ten times worse. We may have lost our friends, but they've lost theirs too." Tears welled up in Hermione's eyes. "We need to help them. They -""Hermione, stop," Ginny said softly. "We'll help you." She looked at the people on her table. "Won't we?"The boys refused to look at her as her eyes swept the table. Luna nodded at her to show her support. Ginny glowered at the Ravenclaw boys, and one by one, they agreed."Thanks," Hermione sniffed. "You don't know how much this means to me. I'll make you all a badge."Ginny internally groaned. She loved the fact that her friend was pursuing something that she believed in, but she really didn't want to wear a spew badge. She heard the boys groan audibly, and in an attempt to cover it up, she turned to Hermione and engaged her in a conversation about Dirigible plums, a conversation in which Luna happily joined.The meal was over, and the leftover food faded away, leaving spotless plates. Professor McGonagall rose from the Headmistress' chair and approached the podium once more. She gripped the sides of it tightly, and waited for silence. It came quicker than she had hoped. She cleared her throat, and began to speak."I must begin my speech tonight by declaring that we have done everything within our power to make sure Hogwarts remains a safe place for all of you once more. The events of last year were tragic, and I'm sure have all changed us. We must not forget those who sacrificed their lives to rid our world from the evils of a power mad dictator, to make it safe for you to carry on with your lives. That's not to say we all should not move on. Of course we must. One cannot live in the past, one cannot hold onto the desires of yesterday. Living in the past hinders all that they gave their lives for, so I urge you all to try your hardest to fall back into a life that is as normal as possible. Of course, I am not telling you to forget. You should spend a few minutes of every day remembering the everyday bravery of those who gave their lives to make the Wizarding World a better place to live. Do not dwell on those lives that were taken from us far too soon, but remember their contributions to the newer, safer world."Hagrid's sobs filled the Great Hall, and Ginny felt tears on her cheeks. She couldn't help but remember all that had happened in this very hall. She remembered the sight of uncovered bodies lying on the cold, stone floor. She shuddered."Now that we have that over and done with," Professor McGonagall said, her voice shaking as if she was suppressing her emotions. "There are many rules that you must obey during your time here, a list of which can be found pinned to the door of our Caretaker, Mr. Filch's office.The bony man waved out at the children from the corner of his room, his faithful tabby cat Mrs. Norris clutched tightly to his chest."I should like to remind you that the Forbidden Forest is forbidden for a reason," she glanced across the hall in the general direction of Ginny, Luna and Hermione, who averted her gaze. "Also, anybody caught out of bed will be punished. Probably by Mr. Filch."He once again waved out at the students."With all that out of the way, I must send you to your Common Rooms," she began to conclude. "I leave it up to the Prefects and the heads of houses to deal with that."With that she returned to her chair, and watched as the heads of houses rose, joining the throng of students who were forming lines behind their prefects.As soon as Ginny reached the Gryffindor girls' dormitory, a wave of fatigue washed over her and she collapsed onto her bed without changing. She blinked, trying to keep herself awake. She wanted to see if Hermione was going to talk to her - they had grown close over the past four months. She stared at the ceiling of her four-poster bed, listening to the other girls chatting around her. Hermione, however, didn't say a word as she prepared for bed, so Ginny didn't say anything either. As soon as the room fell silent, Ginny didn't feel like sleeping. So she just lay in bed, looking up, thinking.She thought of how her classes would go. She wondered whether her old professors thought about the times before the war. She thought of the subjects that she had chosen to do, and wondered why she had chosen some of them. She thought of the new teachers, and wondered how they would fit in at Hogwarts. She thought of all the students that had returned, and how they felt to be back. Would they all try to move on with their lives just as Professor McGonagall had asked them to? Or would some of them stay in the past?The last thing on Ginny's mind before she fell asleep was Quidditch. She smiled as she closed her eyes. She loved Quidditch...What to expect next chapter:- We meet the mysterious Defence Against the Dark Arts professor.- We meet the Gryffindor Quidditch team, and get to know some of its members.A/N: Just a quick note to say that this is a collaborative story between myself and my friend, Andrew. We really hope that you enjoyed the first chapter of 'Green and Gold', and that you will continue to follow Ginny on her journey.If you have any questions, queries or comments, please don't hesitate to contact me.And if you really enjoyed this chapter (or didn't enjoy it...), please leave some love in the form of a review. Thanks so much.
