This is my version of how James and Lily got together! Please enjoy!Lily's POV"Hellooooo, Evans!", James Potter said, sliding into the seat next to me in my usual compartment with my friends on the Hogwarts Express."What do you want, Potter?", I asked, but I was sure I knew what he wanted." Just saying hi! Good to be back, isn't it? Any ways, it's a new year! Why don't we turn over a new leaf and start the dating chapter in our lives?" he rambled on."No,"" C'mon, we can meet at Madam Puddifoots in Hogsmeade during the first trip of the year!""No,"" I'll buy you a years supply of Bertie Botts, there your favorite, right?", James asked desperately."No," I answered" No to what? No, they aren't your favorite, or now to going out?", he continued to annoy me." No to both," I grumbled." What the-" he started." Hi Lily! Missed you," Marlene McKinnon squealed, hugging me . "Potter," she said not bothering to look at him."McKinnon, can wad talk out there?", he asked, gesturing toward the door of the compartment. Marlene nodded, and the two walked out of the compartment. Potter qseemed mad at Marlene. In the distance, I could see our other friends, Mary McDonald and Alice Prewett coming down the aisle toward the compartment. Suddenly, Potter stormed away from Marlene and headed toward his compartment with his friends- Sirius Black, Peter Pettigrew, and Remus Lupin. They call themselves the Mauraders. Black is just like Potter, Peter is a tag-along, and Remus...who, actually, is a friend of mine."Alice! Mary! Oh my gosh! I missed you guys so much!", I squealed, pulling the girls into a big hug." We missed you all too!", Alice answered, glowing with happiness."Oh, Lil. Is it Potter again?", Mary asked. I nodded. I swear, that girl is psychic when it comes to us girls- Marlene, Alice, and me." He's desperate. Other girl have jumped on your refusing Potter bandwagon. He hasn't had a date since the second Hogsmeade trip last year," Marlene stated. She has always been the gossip of the group." Marls, don't be such a gossip! I kind of feel bad for James..." Alice reprimanded her friend. She has always believed in second chancesSuddenly, we all burst out laughing. The thought if feeling bad for Potter was just too funny."Oh my gosh! I just remembered! I have to go to the prefect carriage!", I said, rushing to grab my patrol forms." I was just going to remind you. I'm going too," Alice beamed." Alice, are you Head Girl?", Marlene asked." No. I'm just a prefect now-since Lily's Head Girl", Alice whispered. Mary and Marlene squealed." Why didn't you tell us?", they both asked at the same time,"And how did you know I was Head Girl?" I asked Alice." In my letter, it said that the current Gryffindor prefect going into her seventh year was chosen to be Head Girl!", Alice said happily.We waved goodbye to our other friends and headed towards the prefect carriage. When we got there, the Hufflepuff prefects were the only ones their, and the Ravenclaw, Slytherin, and the rest of the Gruffindoor prefects were behind us. As Remus (who is a fellow prefect) walkedin, I congratulated him on being the new Head Boy." I'm not Head Boy, Lily," he mumbled." I am!", Potter shouts from behind. He's got to be kidding. It's probably just another prank. No one in their right mind would ever make him Head Boy...except Professor Dumbledore isn't exactly in his right mind." Surprised, Evans?", he asked, looking at my gaping mouth." Not in the least, Potter. Dumbledore probably hopes that Remus and I will be an influence on you," I retorted. He glared, and stood next to me. Time for the speech." I'm Lily Evans, Head Girl," I said." I'm James Potter, Head Boy, patrols, rules, giving out detentions, that's it," he said, then took a seat next to Remus." Well, what James is trying to say is that as a prefect, you have a lot responsibilities as a prefect- including nighttime patrols through the corridors, enforcing the rules, and being a role model for the other students. We also have some perks- like taking away house points and giving out detentions," I finished with a smile. The new kids started to smile at the opportunity to give detentions and dock house points." But you have to use y our perks responsibly. You don't want to lose your esteemed position as a prefect," I said looking straight at the new fifth year prefects. They all sighed, and so did Potter. Thank God Remus nudged him in the ribs so that I didn't have to scream at him myself. That would be embarrassing. Since I'm Head Girl and all that stuff." Can I go know?", Potter yawned. He reached up and stretched." Don't worry, Head Boy. No need to get too comfortable. We're done," I said through clenched teeth." I'm out!", James jumped out of his seat and left the compartment." You guys just have to patrol the corridor every couple of hours. Your all free to go," I managed to say with a smile. The prefects all got up and left. Remus walked over to me." Listen...sorry about James. He doesn't really care about the whole Head Boy thing," he murmured, looking down at his feet and stuffing his hands in his pockets." It's fine. It won't be that bad...even though I'll be sharing a dormintory with him this year," I sighed. Remus waved and walked out of the compartment." Ready to head back to the girls? They'll want to know all about the meeting...especially about the new Head Boy," Alice smirked. I gave her a playful punch on the shoulder. Just as I thought the girls are waiting for us to come back." Come on, who's the new Head Boy? Remus?", Marlene asked." No. It's Potter," I muttered angrily. Their mouths went wide. Mary started to laugh." Hahaha. Your funny, Lil. Your joking, right?". I shook my head." This year's going to be interesting," Marlene smirked.
