I don't own Harry Potter. All rights belong to J. K. Rowling. The only thing I own is Ami.PrologueWriting my thoughts is a good thing I suppose, it's easier than talking to my father about it, especially since he can hardly understand my troubles. In all honesty I'm not sure where to begin in my story. I guess I should start with the most important person in my life, my dear mother.When I was born I remember her holding me in her arms, so close to her chest I could hear her heart beating against my ear. It became a habit really, it comforted me knowing her heart was pounding inside her. She was the most beautiful person, my father tells me I look just like her, but he can't hide the darkness in his eyes whenever he looks at me. My mother, Celeste, died on my second birthday, protecting me from an explosion that killed thirteen people, including her. She'd gone to see a friend and taken me with her, and ended up getting caught in the crossfire between two men. The man the Aurors arrested is innocent, and the real murderer got away. Curse that rat!Oops! I seem to be going off topic. Sorry about that. Anyway, when my mother died my father had no idea what to do with me. You see, my mother was the Elemental, a being who could control the four elements. Her magic was always pure and full of life, she always played with me to make me smile. But now she's gone, I have no one to teach me how to control my powers. But I've been teaching myself, so I'm learning something.For now though, my main mission is to make it through my first trip to Diagon Alley on my own, since father cannot help me get my school supplies together. It's only a few days away and I haven't got my books, my wand or anything. Not a brilliant start I have to say I just think it's because Dad wants to use the money from my mother's vault, since I use her last name instead of his.Who knows? Maybe something interesting will happen when I go. Oh! I'm looking forward to it now! Father can't complain either if I pick up a few things I want, it's my money after all.My name is Ami Celeste Eterna, I am the Elemental, and this September, I begin my first years at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.Ami sighed as she looked up from her purple leather bound book. Her eyes landed on the letter sitting beside her on the candlelit desk. A spark of light entered them, along with a wide dimpled smile. The Hogwarts Coat of Arms stared back at her."I have a feeling that tomorrow, life is going to get very interesting."She put her quill back in its inkwell and stared at the flame flickering on the wick of her candle. Ami's lips curled into a devious grin before she snapped her fingers. The flame was extinguished and the light of the moon cast its silver light across the darkened room. Her eyes remained on her Hogwarts letter until she fell asleep.Please Read & ReviewI would also like to ask your opinions about whether I should split this story into the different years, or keep it in just one fanfiction. Let me know in your lovely reviews.
