Hello there, readers! If you've read my other Harry Potter stories, then you'll know that I've been talking about writing this for a while... And now I've finally started! I'm hoping to be continually writing (I already have over 50 chapters planned), and will try to update as regularly as possible. (Try being the key word there.) This is basically a collection of one-shots and drabbles about the next generation, detailing various incidents where they were different from their parents. All of this fic takes place in the same timeline, which all of my HP fics also take place in. The chapters will not be in chronological order, however, so be sure to check the date at the top of each one. I think that's all you need to know, oh wait. It's rated T for language and sex references, also a bit of drinking at points. I don't own Harry Potter, or any of its trademarks, but I do take pride in saying that these are all my own personal interpretations of the characters from J.K Rowling's world. Anyway- enjoy! And as always, I love to hear what you think, so please review if you get the chance. :) Bg. 97 xxScorpius shares his cake- 17th June 2012."Happy Birthday to you!" The last notes of the song died out, as Scorpius (upon multiple attempts) blew out the candles on his 6th birthday cake. His parents beamed brightly at their beautiful son. Astoria moved closer to him, and pulled him in for a tight hug, before leaning close to his ear to whisper in it."Happy birthday sweetheart, your presents are waiting for you in the library." At this, Scorpius leapt down from their dining table, ever being an excitable child, and ran through the various rooms of Malfoy Manor, until he was stood outside his 2nd favourite room (he did love his bedroom after all). He stood there waiting for his parents to catch up, then upon an encouraging nod from them, pushed open the large double doors of the library.Scorpius gasped, and his eyes lit up, as he slowly comprehended the sight before him. Sat majestically by the window was a black, gleaming, mahogany, grand piano. He immediately turned around and jumped on his parents, "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" Although they were of wealth, Draco and Astoria were always certain not to spoil Scorpius. Draco had seen the fruits of children like that in himself, and did not want a repeat. However, their son had started having piano lessons in the last year, and the witch who taught him, was constantly teling Draco and Astoria of Scorpius' natural talent. Every time they were told, Astoria's face glowed with a strong maternal pride, so when she asked if this could be Scorpius' present this year, he could hardly say no.As Draco mulled this over in his mind, Scorpius already set to work playing a tune for them. He was young, and clearly not the best pianist, but it was clear that with age he would develop to be so much more. He cleared his throat, "You do also have other presents to open, Scorpius."Scorpius only then noticed the two piles of packages sat on top of the table in the centre of the room. He automatically guessed that one pile was the gifts his father had chosen, and one was the ones his mother had picked. He sat down between Draco and Astoria on the sofa, and got to work on his mum's pile of presents. In it he found copies of some muggle children's books called Matilda and Fantastic Mr. Fox("I know how much you love our story times together, and I thought that these sounded rather interesting. Apparently they're quite famous amongst muggles"), a pair of black trainers ("the shoes that your grandparents buy you are quite conspicuous"), and a fancy writing set from Scrivenshafts.He thanked his mum and the moved on to his father's pile. He found a boxset of Wizkid comics ("I picked some books that I thought... more age approriate"), a pair of dragonhide gloves, a bludger signed by every member of Puddlemere United ("There are some advantages to those vip Quidditch tickets") and a toy car which was activated to move by magic.Scorpius thanked his parents once more, and gave them huge hugs. This was shaping out to be a great birthday, and he was still only in his pyjamas!In the afternoon, the rest of his family arrived. They all sat round for tea: the Malfoys, the Senior Malfoys, the Senior Greengrasses, and Aunt Daphne, her husband Blaise and their daughter Carmelia. For the second time today, Scorpius found himself blowing out the candles on a birthday cake. He loved getting to spend this time with his family, and he couldn't wait for them to all try the cake that he had snuck into the kitchen last night to especially request. His parents didn't know this of course. As much they were open and accepting of muggles now (well his Dad was slowly getting there), the Malfoys still lived by the precipice that elves were servants and nothing more. They would probably not approve of the fact that Scorpius spent a good hour just chatting to Leela and Tinky. Scorpius was unaware of this though, he just wanted the chocolate cake to be a suprise."Go on, try it!" He encouraged everyone, and though slightly confused by his enthusiasm about the cake, everybody began to eat up."This is really good!" "I haven't enjoyed a cake like this for a while." "It's ever so rich."The cake slowly and surely was getting eaten, until when there was only two slices left, he stopped everyone. He then rang the servant's bell, which was quickly noticed, as Leela and Tinky ran upstairs from the kitchen to the dining room."Scorpius, is something the matter?" questioned Narcissa."What does Master Scorpius need assistance in?" asked Tinky.Scorpius beamed, "Nothing, I just thought that everybody should see who made my amazing cake! And I saved you some slices, look!" He pointed at the plate in front of him and held it out to the two house elves.The rest of the room had gone silent, and Blaise was choking on his slice of cake. Draco and Astoria had wide eyes, which only grew wider as they noticed Lucius' dark stare looking at them."Umm, Scorpius... You shouldn't really... Umm... You shouldn't be-"Draco helped to finish his wife's sentence- "the cake is for wizards and witches not elves. You should enjoy those last slices. Leela and Tinky don't need them."Scorpius' brow furrowed, as Leela and Tinky repetitively assured him that this was true. Desperate to move the conversation away from the awkward situation his grandson had created, Lucius spoke up. "So. What did you receive for your birthday?"That put a smile back on the child's face- "Mum and Dad are the best, they got me a piano!"Everyone in the room smiled and awed, trying to seem as interested as possible. Anything to rid the scene they just saw with the elves."I also got some new clothes, and a bludger, oh- and Mum bought me muggle books!"Once again, the room (which was largely filled with pureblood supremacists) descended into awkardness, and Astoria choked on her tea.For a kid, Scorpius sure knew how to pick the best things to say to stand out...There you have it, my first chapter. Review so I know what you're thinking! Chapter 2 coming as soon as humanly possible with all the work I have to do: Teddy tries to fly. :D Bg.97 xx
