All things here belong to the beautiful mind of J.K. Rowling. But thanks to her for letting us crash her party, eh?Witch Weekly, Which Wizard?Ginny Weasley, in a manner befitting of all the worst Romantic Cliches, had taken to sitting hopelessly on her bathroom floor. She was shredding the green-shag bathmat underneath her with anxious fingers, in a last-ditch effort to avoid her thoughts.Arnold the Pygmy Puff was not having any of it.Every time she picked a new piece of the spindly carpeting, he would roll with determination over the spot, blinking up at her with what she thought looked like rather disappointed eyes."Alright, fine!" she snapped at last, glaring down at him. George was always saying she read too much into the rather mundane and low-minded functions of the miniature puffskein, but she swear she saw the fuzzy little face smile.Sighing, she turned her mind to the problem at hand.If you had told a young Ginevra Molly Weasley that she would one day find herself the object of two well-to-do men's affections, she would have snorted with laughter. If you had told her that those men would be Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy... she would have shrieked with laughter.Partially because the young Ginny Weasley had been pale and freckled, and had not actually wanted to differ from her brothers in gender until she was well into her teens. But mostly because in her young world, Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy had been the two opposites of human existence that had made up her life at Hogwarts.Harry had been her idol. Her crush, her obsession, and then her first soul-body-mind love.Draco had been... the anti-Harry. He had made her cry, made her livid, and had given her reason to learn a myriad of nasty curses in her 5th year.If you had told a young Ginevra Molly Weasley that she would one day find her heart genuinely and achingly torn between these two men, she would have hexed you.The fully-grown-adult Ginny, or as fully grown as one in their early twenties can be, felt rather close to hexing herself at the moment.She stared down at the two photos on the floor in front of her. One, taken from the Burrow, was of her and Hermione when they were fourteen and fifteen, respectively. The other was an issue of Witch Weekly. The issue of Witch Weekly, she should say.In the older photo, Ginny was grinning wildly, giddy with some gossip her and Hermione had been in the middle of discussing when her Dad interrupted them with his newest Muggle experiment held awkwardly in front of his eye. She was the fiery, high-moraled girl she had always been.The Witch Weekly cover showed a very different young woman. One who was sitting next to Draco Malfoy on what was supposed to be one of their professional meetings- very mistakenly held at The Hungry Hag in Hogsmeade, last weekend. He said something dry and sarcastic, as he did, and the Ginny in the picture snorted with laughter, looking over at him with that face. That enamored, shining face.MOVE ASIDE, ROMEO AND JULIET- A NEW STAR-CROSSED LOVE IS IN TOWN!The headline made Ginny cringe every time she so much as thought of it. What a cheesy, housewife-catching, gossip-hound-roiling, joke.She had laughed out loud with horrified and disbelieving amusement the first time she had seen it, glaring out at her from a rack at M. Mallhairer's Magical Market. But then she had picked it up slowly, staring at the picture in her hands.And she had seen in the picture what she had denied in herself for weeks."Arnold, let's say we just make our new home right in here." She picked up the Pygmy Puff, holding him high so as to better show off to him the five foot cube of their tiled surroundings. "You can make a lovely nest right there, in the sink, see? And I can bed down in the tub, and we can both eat spiders and flies to our hearts content. Forever."She raised her eyebrows in a 'what say you?' gesture. Arnold shook his head and curled up tightly in her hand.Ginny sighed heavily."Fine. I guess I'll have to face the outside world after all."A/N- Oy, leave us a REVIEW!
