Normal Pov(A/N: Story takes place in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Dobby never thought to block the wall place to Kings Cross Station, so Harry and Ron never took the car, and got to Hogwarts on time for the sorting.) Chapter 1:Ginny Weasley nervously sat as the hat was placed on her head. Wild thoughts flew around her head as the Sorting took place. Was she in Gryffindor, like she always wanted and along with the rest of her family too? Or would she be the unlucky one to break the cycle. If so, would she be disowned? No! A side of her said. Her parents loved her very much, and would never sell her out to the streets just for getting in any house but Gryffindor! She felt much braver, and stood up straighter."Gryffindor!" The hat bellowed throughout the room, and she smiled. Of course. A whole family of Gryffindors.Ginny passed the hat back to McGonagall and ran to the Gryffindor table. It, along with Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff, clapped wildly, while the Slytherin house just scowled. Among the clapping Gryffindors were Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, and (Ahem. Ahem. Mudblood. Grrr...) And last but not least, Harry Potter. Said students, were currently discussing the favorite beginning of the year topic to a Hogwarts student. They were currently discussing the not yet there appearance of the New Defense against the Dark Arts teacher."Who do you think it is? Ronald, your father's in the Ministry." Hermione gestured, but Ron shrugged. "My dad's in the Ministry, but he's in the Muggle part, remember? He'd have to be one of the school governors." Ron said, peaking a certain Slytherin's attention. He was right across from them at the Slytherin table, and couldn't help but hear their conversation. Meaning of course, he couldn't help but gloat."Hey. Psst." He whispered heatedly, and threw a carrot at Ron's back. Ron picked rolled his eyes and threw it right back. "What do you want Malfoy?" He snapped, and Malfoy's eyes shone with Malice."I know who the new Defense against the Dark Arts teacher is." He smirked, and Harry and Hermione turned around in interest. "Well? Don't keep us waiting Malfoy!" Harry snapped, but Malfoy just chuckled."I've seen her before of course, around the Manor. She's a friend of my parents-!""So it's a witch then!" Hermione interrupted, and Malfoy looked at her with loathing. "Yes Granger, she's a witch. She's also my Godmother. And you better bet that she knows all about the troublemaking you three are always doing. Don't mind if I say this but, I'm pretty sure she's not going to like you like all those other bimbo's. So don't be surprised if she hates you on sight." He snapped maliciously, and dread filled the Golden Trio. If she was anything like Malfoy And actually liked Malfoy, she was trouble for them."Who is she though Malfoy?" Harry said, glaring at him. Draco smirked, and said in a long, drawling voice. "Well lets just say, she's got a real close relation to you Know who." Draco smirked, and turned around. "Well what's that supposed to mean? Wait-!" Harry stopped, and turned to Hermione and Ron."He doesn't mean She's a death eater isn't she?!" Hermione snapped, and the trio turned to Malfoy with angry looks. But he wasn't looking. Draco was looking to the large double doors for the Aunt that was sure to come bursting inside any minute now."But Dumbledore would know, if she was a Death Eater of course. He wouldn't put any of us in danger, especially Harry. He wouldn't assign a known Death Eater to a teacher's position with Harry right here. Right?" She seemed to ask, but Harry and Ron both nodded. Dumbledore wouldn't. (A/N: Or would he?)"Well I guess we'll see. She's pretty late isn't she?" Just as the words slipped out of Ron's mouth, the doors slammed open. The effect that followed was instant. Everyone stared in silence at the sight before them.A beautiful, tall and lean, brown haired woman slowly walked inside the door. Her long brown hair was pouring elegantly out of her hood. As she walked slowly to the teachers table, her long hooded robes really stood out. They were completely black, and the hood covered her face, all the students could see beside her hair was nothing else. Not even her face. Her robes were nothing else like the teachers. Hers were lacy and full of sexual appeal. And when she walked, they fluttered elegantly around her knees."Albus." A high, threatening voice whispered lightly from inside the robes. Harry Potter froze. Because It was so similar to Voldemort's, last year when he was on the back of Quirell's head."Ah, Miss Riddle." Dumbledore said, and everyone just feared her more. Though not many in the room understood the meaning of her last name, they noticed the wariness in Dumbledore's tone. And for Dumbledore to be scared, it wasn't a good thing at all."Your chair, Miss Riddle, right next to Professor Snape." Dumbledore said lightly, and bowed to her in respect. Miss Riddle, whom still hadn't taken of her hood, walked up the stairs to the teachers table. When she reached her chair next to Snape, everyone was surprised at what happened. Snape jumped up and pulled out her chair for her. She sat down and Snape bowed. What the heck is going on? When he sat back down, the woman looked up at Dumbledore. Well at least she made the head movements to look, she had yet to take off her hood."Your students Albus," She whispered with that same scary high whisper, which made everyone have chills. "Do they not know when to bow when a higher form comes into the room?" She said almost mockingly, and the effect that followed was surprising. The teachers watched in surprise by the hundreds of students hurrying to stand up. Before Dumbledore could tell them anything, they made swift bows and sat down. The fright was evident on their faces."Now that is much better. Introduce me Albus." She said, not even bothering to ask politely. Dumbledore stood up to address the students."Now, I'd like to welcome back all students, and even new students to a wonderful year of Hogwarts. I'd like everyone to lend a hand of welcome to our new, Defense against the Dark Arts teacher. Professor Madaija Riddle." Dumbledore announced loudly, but no one clapped. They were all staring at the hood of Professor Riddle's cloak. If they looked closely enough, they thought they could see glowing red orbs for eyes."Ah, well that just won't do, will it?" She asked, and stood up. Everyone watched as she dug into her pocket for her wand. Instantly, everyone stood up into the loudest applause ever. "Whooo! Professor Riddle!" They cheered! And when she sat back down, everyone breathed a sign of relief and sat back down."That's what I thought." She snapped, and everyone watched as she reached with two hands. With two smooth skinned hands, she reached up and wrapped her fingers around the hood of her cloak. As she pulled it back, everyone fought back the gasp at what they saw.She was beautiful, yes she very well was, but that wasn't why they gasped. Her eyes were blood red. Their was a bright black snake like tattoo going off to the side of her eye. The snake was wrapped around a skull. The Dark Mark. "Oh my god!" Hermione gasped, and Harry whispered to her in surprise. "What Mione? The eyes really took me for a loop too though, weird. But I think their kind of nice in a scary sort of way." He shrugged, but Hermione whispered back with even more fright."No Harry, not that! That tattoo, it's the Dark Mark. She is a Death Eater! That symbol is what Voldemort's followers always wore. Except it was usually on their arm." Hermione spoke in quick, hushed whispers."Shall we eat now Dumbledore? I had some business to do on the way here and," She let out a harsh chuckle, "And I'm afraid I am very Famished." She hummed, and everyone had a guess that whatever business she was up to wasn't good."Of course, dig in." Dumbledore announced, and plates upon plates of amazing food piled on top of the tables. But Miss Riddle didn't eat. In fact, when young Harry Potter looked up at her, he was horrified to find her staring at him. Her stare wasn't kind, like any other person, and it wasn't loathsome like Snape's usually was. She sized him up, and when her eyes met his, a smirk crossed her face. It was a knowing, dangerous smirk, and he had the sudden urge to avert his eyes and run. But somehow, he managed to stay and contain eye contact. Harry Potter was afraid of Professor Riddle. Because when he looked at her, all he could think about was Voldemort, the man who had killed his parents.And young Harry didn't know it yet, but she was much worst then a Death Eater. Much closer to Voldemort then a Death Eater too. What he couldn't know though, was that the reason he saw Voldemort when he looked at Madaija, was because she was Voldemort's sister.And boy was he in for it.
