Hey you guys, I'm back!I wasn't planning on writing another fanfic for a while, but just like with my other two, the idea came out of nowhere, I began writing and now I can't stop. I'm not entirely sure of all that will happen, but the general outline is almost done and I have written a few scattered chapters already. This story will be different from my other two (besides all the evident) because I decided to write it from the characters point of view. In the past few weeks, coincidently, I have read several fics written like so, and I decided to give it a try. Not sure how it will turn out so please be nice (:As always, any suggestions, critics and praises are always welcome! Hope you enjoy it.Harry's POV"C'mon mate! You can't miss dinner again, Hermione will be furious!""I'll be there next week, Ron" I said, without looking at my best friend."That is what you said last week""I can't tonight""Why not? She won't be there, you know?"I sighed. I knew Hermione wouldn't bring Ginny this time, and yet, I still didn't want to go. As happy as I was for my two best friends, being around them reminded me of Ginny, and what we used to have. I finally looked up from my work area, and found Ron leaning against the wall, looking at me intensely."I just can't" I said, looking down at my desk again.Ron sighed, opened his mouth to say something, changed his mind and simply left. I jumped slightly at the sound of the door being slammed, and looked up again. The room was empty now, as Ron and I were the only ones who stayed late. The other aurors were either already gone, or still out in the field.After I defeated Voldemort, I joined the aurors with Ron. Unlike Hermione and Ginny, we did not return to Hogwarts for our last year. The year following my victory had been a great one. I was back with Ginny, Hermione and Ron were finally together, and I no longer had the weight of being the Chosen One pressing on my shoulders. Then, things began to change. My relationship with Ginny slowly faded as the months passed, even though we both tried to keep it alive, but when she was offered the chance to play seeker for a very famous team in Ireland, a year after finishing school, we decided to face the reality and end it.At first, the news of our breakup shook Hermione and the other Weasley's. In an attempt to bring us back together, Hermione would constantly mention me in her letters to Ginny, and mention Ginny anytime I was around. After a couple of months, she had invited me for her weekly Thursday night dinner with Ron, as she often did, but failed to mention she had also invited Ginny. When I arrived at the Leaky Caldron and saw Ginny, I could tell by the look of surprise on her face she did not know I would be there as well. The result was an uncomfortably awkward dinner, in which Ron sat mainly in silence, ears red, looking at the table or at Hermione who did much of the talking. After that night, I declined three invitations for Thursday's night dinners, even though I knew Hermione would not be foolish enough to try the same approach again and it had happened over two months ago.I finally gave up on finishing my report and began to organize my belongings. After cleaning my area and packing my bag, I looked at the clock and was shocked to see it was almost eight at night. I was no longer hungry, as thoughts of Ginny and our past had my stomach turning. Try as I may, I could not tell what had gone wrong between us. I had madly fallen in love with her during my sixth year, missed her greatly during the time I was traveling with my best friends, and gotten back together with her as soon as I saw her after the battle and we were no longer together. It just didn't make any sense.To make matters worse, my mood was progressively deteriorating and I couldn't say why. I missed Ginny, yes, but it wasn't that. Something was wrong, or missing, or both and if I couldn't figure out what soon, I would lose my mind.As I walked towards the lift, I contemplated meeting with my friends for dinner. Perhaps it would make me feel better. Then again, Ron was clearly mad at me and I didn'didn't want to deal with that right now.Chloe's POVI was chatting with my best friend Ava, another one of the servers, when I saw him come in. We had never met, but he was the most famous wizard alive. I lost track of what Ava was saying as I watched him look around for somewhere to sit, deciding on a table at the very back, almost hidden from sight. He sat with his back to the room around him and even from a distance I could tell something wasn't right."Hey, are you even listening?" Ava's voice cut through my thoughts."Yes Ava""What did I just say?""Something fascinating, but I have to go take an order"I walked towards Harry, leaving Ava behind with a hurt expression."Hi, may I take your order?""Tea please" He said, without looking at me.I walked back to where Ava stood and began to prepare the tea. Ava resumed her story as if she had never been interrupted, but I still wasn't paying her any attention. Something about Harry's posture and tone of voice had me worried, although I couldn't tell why. I didn't know him, so why did it even matter? When his tea was ready, I walked back to his table, noticing on my way there how a gentleman from a crowded table was looking at Harry's back with particular interest."Here is your tea" I said, placing the hot beverage in front of him."Thanks"I nodded and turned to leave, nearly running into someone. The man, the same I had just seen staring at Harry, apologized while trying to see past me, but I didn't move."May I help you sir?""I wish to see the man behind you. That's Harry Potter, isn't it?""Pardon me sir, but no. That is my brother, Robert""Are you sure? It looked a lot like Potter" The man said, still trying to see past me."Quite positive. I'm afraid they do resemble each other""Oh" He said, still blocking my way."Please excuse me sir, but I have other people to serve, and my brother is rather indisposed""Thank you for my tea, sister" Harry said in a rough voice, playing along.I nodded at Harry, and then turned to face the man blocking my way. After apologizing again, he finally walked back to his table and sat down with his friends. They continued to stare at Harry's back for a few more minutes, before finishing their drinks and leaving. I continued to serve the other patrons, and when I returned to pick Harry's tea cup, he was already gone.It was almost ten thirty at night, and I was finally leaving the cafe. Closing the door behind me, I tapped the nob twice with my wand and locked it. The street was dark and empty, as many of the business were already closed, and the cold winter wind was blowing hard."Hi" a male voice said.I jumped at the sound of his voice and, wand still in hand, turned to face the man."Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you" He said, taking a step closer to me.The man took a step forward into the circle of light casted by the lamp floating above us and I could finally see his face. It was Harry Potter."It's ok" I said putting my wand away, heart still beating fast."I wanted to thank you for what you did today""Oh that? It was nothing" I said with a small smile."I happen to think it was. I can't go anywhere anymore without people asking me for autographs, or about all that happened over two years ago I didn't mind it, but now I wish people would leave me alone. I just want to be able to enjoy a mug of tea, without having to discuss Voldemort"I shivered at the Dark Lord's Name. Even now, after he had been killed, his name still conveyed fear to some."I understand. I will tell my uncle about it and we can place some spells at the table you sat today, so that you can have some privacy any time you wish to stop by""You don't have to do that""I know, but I want to""Thank you""You already said that" I said, smiling again. "Have you uh, been out here this whole time?"I couldn't tell for sure when he had left, as I had been busy with other people, but I remembered having looked at the clock before taking his tea and that had been at least two hours ago. For a while Harry didn't respond, he simply stared at his feet, kicking the snow around him absentmindedly."Yes" He finally said. "It was unexpectedly comforting to just sit and watch the snow fall""Mr. Potter, is ev""Harry, please call me Harry""Harry are you okay?""Yes, I am fine"I wasn't convinced, but it was none of my business so I simply nodded. All around us, the snow was falling harder and the wind blowing faster."I have to go now" I said, feeling guilty. He looked like he needed someone to talk to, and here I was, leaving."Have a good night""You too"With one last look at him, I turned on the spot and apparated home.Harry's POVI stood still for a little longer, looking at the place where she had just been. What was it about her that captivated me? Why was I feeling worse now that she was gone? At first, it had sounded like a good idea to wait for her to come out; now, I felt a little silly about it. In fact, I wasn't even sure why I had done it. Of course I wanted to thank her, but why didn't I do so before leaving the caf earlier? Or left a note with my payment? Why, indeed, had I waited so long in the cold weather? I wasn't sure.And when she asked me if I was ok, I lied. I haven't been okay in a long time. I need to see her again, I thought, soon. And as I walked away a more alarming thought struck me:  I don't even know her name. 
