Truly, Madly, Deeply, Crazily In Love#Chapter 1 - Another SideA/N- Well I present my first ever fic. so please R&R;(Lily's POV)" Mudblood. " The voice of my best friend, no, wait, ex- best friend still rang in my ears. It happened over a week ago but I remember it as though it were yesterday. It still did hurt. No, don't look at me like that I'm not insane, you'd be upset as well if Sev-um-Snape was your best friend and he said that to you. And, yeah, at present I'm sitting with my feet dunked in the Black Lake crying over the incident. It's not like he didn't apologize but what he said along with his blithering apology was what made me angry and great, now I'm getting just what I needed, The oh-so-wonderful Potter is coming towards me and I swear if this is about asking me out I will hex him so badly, he won't remember who Merlin is. I am hoping he isn't coming towards me but, no, he's already sitting next to me and has his feet in the water."May I know why do you want the Giant Squid to pull you into the water, Evans?" He asks giving me a super-sexy grin, wait, did I say super-sexy? Oh, well, I take it back."None of your business, Potter." I reply, my voice thick due to crying. I try to wipe off my tears without him noticing but unfortunately he does notice."Are you okay? You've been crying again, haven't you Lily?" he asks me, sounding genuinely concerned."So what if I have?" I ask him rudely, refusing to let my guard down."So, you can tell me what happened, I've been told that I'm a good listener." he says without a hint of smugness for the first time ever. I must say that shocked me and got me thinking that maybe there was really a second person in Potter but I decided to test him a bit more."Why would I tell you of all people?" I asked him, still being rude."Well, let's see! For one, I've seen you crying and I won't stop pestering you until you tell me what's wrong, for two, I will safeguard your secret and not tell a soul and lastly, I hate seeing you so upset." He says to me softly, totally melting my heart."Well, you see, that day, after our Defense Against The Dark Arts O.W.L., I was really happy because my O.W.L. had gone very well and I was relaxing with Alice, Marlene and Hestia, we were sitting at the lake, you see, and then I saw you guys, well, humiliating Snape and that sort of made me go crazy and, oh, f-ck it, you know the rest, and then that night, Marls, she came to me and told me that he was threatening to sleep outside the Common Room if I didn't go and speak to him. I decided a small talk couldn't hurt, apologies and all were okay but then he said that he was a hundred times better than you, I protested, saying that you would never call anyone a Mudblood, then he says to me that if I were to go out with you, you would sleep with me and then cheat on me," at this Potter started to protest but I waved him away, I felt better spitting it all out, " This got me really angry and I smacked him across his face and stomped off." I finished, looking up at him with tears in my eyes."Hey, shhh, it's okay, I'm here now." He whispered to me and for some reason I'll never understand, I hugged him tightly. I could tell he was shocked at first but then he hugged me back and sending happiness shocking through my body. How long we sat there just hugging, I had no idea, but I'm sure I can get used to his awesome smell, obviously there was the man scent and then there was this minty smell and also the scent of chocolate and apple-cinnamon pie. I loved it. Yes, I know what I'm saying and I won't take it back. He kept on whispering comforting things to me and eventually I stopped crying.(James' POV)I can't say how shocked am I at the moment, Lily Evans is hugging me and I'm feeling bloody fantastic. She smells so good, I swear later on she'll murder me saying that I stole a hug from her and whatnot but for now I'm the happiest man alive. She smells like everything I love, she smells flowery and ever-so-slightly of books, yeah, yeah, I am a bit nerdy, but don't tell anyone, my rep will be destroyed, now get lost and let me enjoy the moment.(Back to Lily's POV)I don't know why, but there's something in his hug that makes me feel safe, I just never want to pull apart but something has to happen, "Lily, it's getting dark, we should go back to the castle." He whispered to me. At first I considered ignoring him but then I realized that I didn't want anybody to see us like this and take the wrong impression so I nodded and pulled back gently. He released me and I got up and that's when I heard him snigger, "Do you want to go up like that?" he asked me with a smirk. "Why? What's wrong?" I asked him. "Well, let's see, your face is red, eyes bloodshot, eye-makeup smeared and hair disheveled. Everything says you've been crying except the hair they say you've had a good snog." He said, holding back a laugh. "Me? Snog you? Oh pur-lease." I said. "Who said it had to be me? Now you are putting the words into my mouth." He said sniggering. "Ha- ha, whatever Potter." I said sarcastically and began working on my appearance. "Better now?" I asked him. "Yeah, lots better." He replied. Then in silence we both started walking upstairs, each thinking our own thoughts. "Lily, does this mean we're friends?" he suddenly asked me. I seriously thought about it, after all he was there for me today and yes he certainly seemed different. "I think so." I finally said and we fell back into comfortable silence again. "Wait, don't you think if we enter the castle together people will think we're, you know, dating?" he asked me "Not that I would mind" he added as an afterthought. I smacked him playfully, upside the head. "Ow!" he exclaimed. "Yes, you're right." I admitted. When he sniggered I hit him again. "I meant the people thinking thing, not, that wouldn't mind thing." I said realizing what he meant. "Yeah, yeah, whatever. Let's go the common room." He said and we walked off.A/N- Liked it, hated it? Please review, I welcome criticism and reviews make me want to update faster. Seeing that I have my holidays 'til March I'll be able to update one chapter in one week. If you'd like to you can PM me a ship name and I'll try a one-shot or song-fic for that shipxoxoxoxoxJilyLoveForever
