"Now begin", Dumbledore's voice boomed over the great hall, making the candles flicker and Flitwick wince. It signalled the start of another feast, although this time the hall was accommodating a gradually increasing load of ever expanding pumpkins being watched over by their proud owner Hagrid. It was Halloween, meaning more food to the delight of a now 5th year Ronald Weasley, as he reached for the first lump of chicken for the evening, his hand collided with Neville Longbottom's, Neville quickly blamed his clumsiness and went for the pumpkin pie instead but Ron was alone with his chicken now and that was all that mattered.At the teachers table McGonagall turned to Albus "Well done again Albus, you seem to be getting better and better at this""Well, I must credit Flitwick and you of course, with your brilliant organisation", he chuckled heartily with the knowledge that his friend Minerva did show warmth under her cover of cold cat fur. He caught her refilling her glass of wine and marvelled at her ability to 'hold her liquor', those younger years had passed him by when a bottle had the effect of a drop.Back at the Slytherin table, Draco was telling yet another of his jokes, not actually that good on paper but once delivered in his dry manner caused raucous laughing from Crabbe and Goyle, if no one else. "So Crabbe, what do you call two wizards that live together?""Uuuhh" Crabbe responded dumbly, going red at the sight of Goyle smirking at him."Broom mates." Laughter erupted around Malfoy, but little did he know the irony that would come from this single comment. As the laughter died down Malfoy looked around the hall for someone to mock and to his surprise saw Harry Potter across the room sniggering, Harry looked up and suddenly stopped laughing; a brief moment of eye contact was shared before they both glanced away in disgust.To her surprise Hermione saw this encounter and as much as she tried to bury it an unpleasant feeling swept over her, unsure what it meant and uncomfortable at this lack of control. She turned to Ron, "Have you finished eating that entire farm yet or is it an especially large one?""Oh no, um, it wasn't just him Hermione" Neville turned red at the comment."Brilliant, well I have to homework to do and the animal population needs time to replenish itself so is everybody coming?" A collective sigh ringed out as the group got up and headed towards the doors.Hermione turned around and bumped into someone, knowing right away from the flowing hair and peculiar accessories that it was Luna. "Oh I'm sorry" she glanced down to her feet.No one else noticed the altercation and continued to the common room. "Don't worry", Luna mentioned hurriedly. "Why are you still out here? Most people are nearly finished"."I seem to have lost my shoes" Luna said regaining eye contact with Hermione."I'll help you find them!", it seemed strange that Hermione felt a sudden compulsion to help Luna, especially after the research she needed to get done for the Monday, but never mind. She stalked after Luna as she drifted to where she thought they were located. Hermione felt almost sorry for Luna, she was constantly mocked yet she felt that there must be something deeper about the girl, you can't possibly be so quiet and that be it.
