Harry`s POVHarry Potter, boy who lived, chosen one, is depressed. He has been abused his whole life. No one loved him. He felt he was alone. He decided it was time to end his life. He picked up his pocket knife and was about to slit his throat when someone shout no right before he was tackled.Fleur`s POVFleur was going to check on the man she loved. Who she felt was worthy of being her mate. But she started to feel strange. She was pulled from her room in France, to another room which she realized was Harry`s, by magic. She saw a truly horrifying site as she saw that Harry was about slit his throat. She yelled no as she was tackling him. She started to cry on the one she had chosen as her mate. She asked him," why were you going to kill yourself? Why?"Harry looked at her without any glow of warmth or happiness that she was so used to seeing. It was a site that would haunt her forever. He answered with no emotion in his voice. He said," no one loves me! I have been abused and used my whole life. I have always been alone," he finished with one last thought that she almost did not hear. He whispered, "and you don't love me."Fleur was shocked. She thought whether to tell him or show him. She chose to show him instead. When she started to kiss him, he stiffened, but then melted and start to kiss back. She got bold and licked his bottom lip, asking for entrance. He surprised her by letting her in.Regular POVFleur moaned into his mouth when she felt his tongue caressing hers in a very loving fashion. When things were starting to get heated Harry broke off the kiss. Fleur whimpered and was breathing heavily. He surprised her again by saying, "I love you."Fleur did not even hesitate in saying, 'I love you too."With that Fleur lunged at him and started to kiss him again. During the kiss pure raw magic started to surround him. They were transported to the Delacour`s mansion and landed safely in fleur`s room, on the bed. Magic alarms started to go off and the rest of the family rushed in to see what was going on. When Mister and Misses Delacour they were shocked to see their daughter and Harry Potter, the boy who lived surrounded by gold and red raw magic.They looked closer at them, when Fleur`s mother gasped and said out loud, "they are being soul bonded." To make sure, Mr. Delacour cast the soul bonding spell to check if they were really. Mr. Delacour was not surprised to find them actually soul bonding.-THREE DAYS LATER-Fleur woke up to feel something poking in the butt and felt strong arms around her. She did not feel frightened but safe. When Harry woke up he saw nothing but silver. Harry felt he had his arms wrapped around a female body, but did not know who. He jumped out of the bed to try getting away but instead fell on the floor in extreme agony and pain. He screamed a blood curdling scream that the female, he had no idea who, also did. When he felt her against him again the pain went away.Harry asked in angry, panting breaths, "what did you do to me?"A musical voice answered in scared, musical pants, " I swear Harry that I did nothing. I don't know why we are in pain when separated."At that moment two adults entered. Harry was still confused but hid it well. When they entered a speeding silver bullet followed and tackled Fleur, knocking Fleur and Harry away from each other. They started to scream. While they were screaming Harry launched himself at Fleur who still needed to realize it was Fleur.When they were touching again he realized it was Fleur, his love.I know I am being evil for leaving the first chapter like this but I thought it was necessary for a cliff hanger. Please continue to read the story as it progresses and give me feed back but no flames.Sincerely,Phyrex SilverClaw
