I thought it would be fun to make one of these stories. So I hope you enjoy it!Disclaimer: I DO NOT OWN ANYTHING THAT HAS TO DO WITH HARRY POTTER! I do own Gemini Black though!"Gem! Where did you go?" A voice called into the night. The person's black shaggy hair was moving around wildly as they looked around, grey eyes searching moon was the only kind of light around. Suddenly, a small light began to glow from the end of a stick as it was waved around searching for the missing person."Will you shut up please?" An annoyed female voice huffed. The stick was dropped from surprise but then quickly picked up. "We don't need anyone to find us Sirius.""Well Gemini, we can't find our way to James' house if you keep disappearing on me!" Sirius Black snapped."Well sorry brother dearest." Gemini Black said sarcastically, her own pair of grey eyes hardening and her long black curly hair waving slightly against the wind. "I just wanted to get away from there as soon as possible." Sirius rolled his eyes at his sister."You're acting like I didn't want to leave either." He said.The Black twins hurried with making their way to one of their best friend's house, James Potter. The Black twins had recently just ran away from their own mansion. They couldn't stand being around their 'family' anymore. Their mother was being a cruel woman and their father would simply ignore them. They had a little brother though who was simply confused in Gemini's opinion.About half an hour later, the twins had finally arrived at the Potter mansion. "Sirius look!" Gemini said as she pointed at the old yet comfortable looking mansion. "Think James is home?" None of the inside lights were visible so she couldn't tell."Oh no Gem. Didn't you hear? James went out to the Leaky Cauldron in the middle of the night to party with Bigfoot." Sirius said. Gemini turned to glare at her brother. He was always being sarcastic with her, and it annoyed her. Yet, she still had to love him."Do not, make me punch you." Gemini said as she began to make her way up to the mansion. She didn't even hesitate to begin banging on the door. She heard Sirius behind her making his way up to the house too. He just stood next to her as she continued to bang on the door. About a minute later, the door was yanked open, and a wand was the 1st thing to come through."I don't know who you are but let me sleep! Or so help me-" A tired looking James Potter began but stopped as he realized who was standing at his door, his hazel colored eyes slowly blinking, and his black hair was all rustled. "Padfoot. Silver. What are you two doing here?" Sirius and Gemini shared glances before looking back at James."Well, you see Prongs, we finally ran away." Sirius grinned. Gemini gave her own smile. James gave them a small look of shock, but then finally grinned himself."Ah of course. Should have known that would be the only reason for you two to visit in the middle of the night. Well, come in." James ushered the Blacks in his mansion. "Why didn't you two just floo over? Also, where's your stuff?""We didn't floo because we didn't want Walburga and Orion to realize we ran away. Wanted it to be a nice surprise for when they wake up." Gemini said with a laugh. She didn't call her parents, her parents, since, they never felt like parents to her."Our stuff is here already. Remember when we visited last week? We kinda flooed our stuff than since we knew it wouldn't be long until our parents annoyed us so much." Sirius answered. Gemini, who had been a little distracted, then remembered something, and gave a soft whistle."Hoo. Hoo." A soft voice called as a pure black owl flew into the house from an open window to where Gemini was, and landed on her outstretched arm."Hey Snow." Gemini said with a small smile as she stroked the beautiful bird. She had released Snow a few minutes before they left cause she was too lazy to carry a cage all the way to the Potters."I still don't get why you named a black bird Snow." Sirius grumbled as he tried to pet Snow, who in return pecked at his finger. "And Snow doesn't even like me.""Well maybe if you didn't try dying her fur white back in fourth year she'd like you more." Gemini said as she glared at both James and her brother."Well maybe if you didn't name a black owl Snow, we wouldn't have tried to turn her white." James said. "Why did you name her Snow?""Because I thought it would be fun to confuse people." Gemini answered."Anyways, do Moony and Wormtail know you're at my place now?" James asked, referring to two of their other best friends."James, if we didn't have time to tell you, do you honestly think we'd had time to mail Moony and Wormtail?" Gemini asked as she gave James an exasperated look. James held his hands up in innocence. "I should write Moony a letter though and tell him, incase he wants to visit tomorrow when it actually is light. Sirius, you tell James the rest ok?" Sirius nodded and Gemini went to fetch a piece of paper and her quill.Dear Remus,Sirius and I ran away last night. Don't worry, we're fine. We went to James' house. Before you send back that we could have gone to your house too, James' house was closer. I just wanted to let you know where we were incase you wanted to visit tomorrow. Please do though. I don't think I can handle James and Sirius by myself tomorrow, especially since James' parents are going to try and fatten Sirius and I up most likely. I hope it's ok if Snow stays at your house for the night. I know you keep your window open at night cause you like the cold air. So, please visit! Also, can you maybe pass on the letter to Peter? Thanks Moony!For now, Gemini BlackGemini sealed the letter and handed it to Snow. "Just stay in Remus' room for the night ok?" Snow gave a soft hoo and exited the home through the window."You send the letter?" Sirius asked as he noticed his sister walk back in the living room. James had passed out on the couch, which Gemini smiled lightly at."Yeah, did you tell him everything?" Gemini asked. Sirius nodded. "Well, I'm tired. I'm going to go to my room. Can you levitate James to his room?" Another nod. "Don't, make him hit his head against the ceiling again Sirius." There was a defeated sigh but another nod too. "Ok, night.""Night."Gemini went up to her room. It wasn't exactly her room, but it was the one room she always stayed in when she was at the Potters mansion. Sirius, Remus, and Peter had their own rooms too. As soon as she fell on the bed, she was out cold.
