Hermione's POVShe grabbed another handful of rocks all while staring at the black lake. It wasn't like everything should be affecting her this bad.right? Truth was it hurt. Placing a small pebble in her other hand, she threw it as far as she could. The stone broke the surface and ripples formed around the spot where it had landed. One by one, she threw the stones until they were all gone. Only then did she force herself to stop crying before heading back to the dormitory. The walk back to the castle was lonely and extremely painful. With every step, she wanted to burst out in tears ad jump into the lake. She just wanted to disappear to hide from all of it.Draco's POVThe suns bright rays danced on his closed eyelids, waking him up from his slumber. He dressed himself and looked over to where Blaise slept so soundly. Cursing the stupid sun for waking him, he shook Blaise awake. Blaise stirred but still didn't get up. Draco rolled his eyes. Blaise hated waking up for classes. Draco grabbed the almost empty glass of water on the nightstand and poured it on Blaise's face. He bolted up coughing water. Draco smirked then headed down to the great hall.He slid into a seat in front of the ever arguing Crabbe and Goyle. Every day it was over something different and at times their arguments were extremely childish. Yesterday they argued over whether who Draco favored more. Unknown to them, Draco rather despised them, both of them as a matter of fact. "It tastes like pumpkin! " "Does not! Goyle, you can't taste! It tastes like squash!" Draco glared at both of them. He was used to this by now, so instead he busied himself with his breakfast. He slowly picked at his eggs and bacon, occasionally putting a piece in his mouth, slowly chewing and swallowing."Hey Draco. I appreciate the way you woke me." Blasie casually started. "My pleasure" Draco said smiling a bit. "So how's your clique?" Blaise ventured. Draco stopped picking at his food and slowly let the fork down. "Clique?" "Yeah. Your Death Eater friends." Blaise continued, unaware that he was venturing into dangerous grounds. "Fine." Draco grumbled. "Has Voldemort given you a task yet?" This time Draco stood up and glared at him. "That doesn't matter to you now does it Blaise?" Draco whispered through gritted teeth. "Now come on. I'm your best friend, I have a right to know." "Just stay out of it and leave me alone." Draco growled before storming away.Everybody moved aside as they watched the angry Slytherin stalk by. This was an almost daily thing where Draco was fired up about something. The only place he went to calm down was the common room. The sea of students parted and whispered among themselves, musing over how he, Draco, was upset and who or what could have caused such thing. Draco heed them no attention to not give them the satisfaction. As he turned the corner, he bumped into someone. He grunted angrily at the stupid person who didn't know to move out of his way.Hermione POV:All that was to be heard was the unmistakable sound of dripping water and crying. They were in the first-floor girls' bathroom. Now the crying wasn't Moaning Myrtle. This time it came from a very much alive girl, Pansy Parkinson. The girls' chocked sobs could be heard echoing around the bathroom accompanied by Hestia's hushed words. Hermione had been standing outside facing the stall with arms crossed across her chest for about twenty minutes now and was growing rather irritated. She couldn't help but blame the one and only Draco Malfoy. If he had kept his true opinion of Pansy to himself, they wouldn't be here still trying to comfort her. If only he hadn't snapped at her the way he had last night. But Pansy had blamed Hermione for everything saying that "if you had been here for me last night instead of going off who knows where, I'd be fine by now!" Hermione had scowled at Pansy but said nothing more. Oh how she would have loved to snap a response right back in her little face.The door of the bathroom stall opened, making her come back to reality. She mouthed the words "how is she." Hestia looked at her with neutral eyes and shook her head. Hermione took her turn and went in there with Pansy. Pansy was the most difficult girl to please ever. "Pansy, I know you're mad at me but it was Draco's fault. He shouldn't have been such a jerk to you. You're beautiful and he's missing out on the best thing that could happen to him." At this point, Pansy's sobbing had reduced but it hadn't stopped. "STOP INSULTING DRACO! YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT HIM!" Pansy yelled at Hermione. Too stunned to speak, Hermione exited the stall. Hestia's' eyes met hers and they shared a knowing nod. Both knew it was best to leave Pansy at this point since any more consoling of their part would be to no avail."Hermione, don't blame yourself over Pansy. She's half dumb anyways." Hestia said. "I know but why would she blame me? I can't always be there for her I mean I do have a life." Hestia took her arm and squeezed it, letting her know that she knew and she understood. It angered her that Pansy was always on Draco's side because he was mostly always wrong and didn't care much about anybody else. Pansy was much the same except she was caringat times. As she turned the corner, a person bumped into her making her petite form collide with the wall. Whoever it had been had been in a hurry or was really mad. However, that didn't justify that they didn't stop and apologize. "Hermione.." Hestia warned in a low tone. "I won't. You go to the great hallI have something I have to take care of" Hermione smoothly lied. Hestia didn't really buy the lie but she wasn't one to argue with her.
