I do not own any of the characters. You may however give them to me as a gift if you happen to own them.Harry was laying on his stomach. The world was dark. Most likely it was because his eyes were closed, but he didn't feel like finding out. He ached all over and he wished he didn't remember why.The battle of Hogwarts had been raging all around him. His friends were dying. And he had to die to save them. It was fitting. Harry had begun his lonely promenade towards death fearing 'the end' but as he got closer and closer to Voldemort, Harry realized grimly that he was almost relived.The killing curse had been a goodnight kiss for Harry. But now Harry was slightly disappointed. He was still painfully aware of Fred, and Tonks, and Lupin, and who knows who else."Open your eyes, Harry" commanded a strong but kind voice.Harry didn't want to. The darkness was kind to him. It soothed him. The light would only remind him."Harry" the voice said.Harry opened one eye a crack. The world was white and bright and angry. He closed his eyes tight. Someone, perhaps it was the owner of the voice, made him stand. Harry, confused by the change opened his eyes to the white, bight world to find himself facing Albus Dumbledore."Where are we?" Harry asked."A place of your own choosing," replied the headmaster cheerfully.Harry didn't believe that. Why would he ever choose to come here?Harry frowned. "I thought you were-""Dead?" Dumbledore chuckled. "Harry, I hardly matter, what matters now is what you choose,"Harry thought for a moment. "You mean, choosing between becoming a ghost or going on?"Dumbledore patted Harry's back fondly. "That's not exactly what I was talking about Harry. This is much more important than that. But first-". The older man paused."What, Sir?"Albus smiled fondly at him. "Enjoy your adventure Harry".A/n Is it sad that I seriously considered calling this story "Harry and the Potters"? Please review to let me know that you're out there! (You don't even have to make sense.) Just please review!
