Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, had always been his idol.Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, destroyed You-Know-Who- he was practically world-famous! And Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, was amazing, because Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, did that as a baby!Sometimes he would just sit outside, stare at the sky, and dream that he was Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, and that he was the world-famous one. And then he would remember Ginny, and how she was in love with Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, and then he would shiver in disgust, and stand up and go back inside.When Fred and George told him about Hogwarts, he was even more excited to go- learn magic, watch Quidditch, and even better he would show up all of his older brothers! And he would go back outside and think about how Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, would be in his year, and how they would become best friends; the inseparable best friends, the Weasley-Potter pair of Gryffindor!There was always a tiny, tiny voice in the back of his mind that Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, wouldn't want to be his friend, or Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, wouldn't be a Gryffindor, or even worse he wouldn't be a Gryffindor. But he always squashed it flat.Sometimes he thought he dreamed about it; the Voice that took the form of a spider, crawling all over him, whispering in his ear over and over again ("you'll go to Slytherin", "he won't be friends with you", "you're such a failure") his worst fears. It was part of the reason that he hated spiders so much.Finally he turned eleven, and finally he received his Hogwarts letter, and finally he went off to King's Cross Station. A small, skinny boy with big round glasses was standing awkwardly around, and the boy tapped Mum on the shoulder hesitantly.The boy muttered something so quietly to Mum that he couldn't hear, but the end Mum's motherly tones were loud enough for him to guess that the boy was a muggle-born."Ron's new, too," Mum said, pulling him over. He nodded shyly at the boy, glancing away at the wall. Mum said something else, but he wasn't listening, and the boy disappeared though the platform entrance, as he followed.Fred and George had gone to help the boy with his trunk, and as the twins came back, the boy went into a compartment. The boy peeked out of a window at the family, but he noticed.Fred and George said something about the boy, but all he caught was "Harry Potter". He perked up, even as Ginny begged to see Harry Potter.He dragged his trunk onto the train as soon as Mum let him and his brothers go, and he tried to find a compartment as soon as possible so he could see who was Harry Potter, but it seemed like every one was full."Could I sit here?" he asked as he reached the last compartment. In it was the boy from before. "Everywhere else is full," he added sheepishly.The boy let him in, and he shoved his shabby trunk into the racks above the seats. He introduced himself, and the boy replied.The realization he was in the same compartment as Harry Potter made his heart skip a beat. He was in the same compartment as his idol. He had no idea they would become brothers in everything but blood.Word Count: 603Thanks for reading my new story! Although it's not so much a story as a drabble collection... I want to start a new story idea, but I don't have any that I can use for fanfiction and actually continue. Thus, my collection!Personally I don't really like Ron, but that's what reading a bunch of Ron-bashing stories does to you. I see him portrayed as a dumbass (excuse my language) too much but when the author makes him a nice, smart character, I love him to bits. :)Please review!
