Original Title: Dipping into the Dark SideOriginal Summary: Hermione happens by a pub one day while avoiding her friends. After a two year sabbatical in Australia shortly after the war, she returns home to find a much different social circle. And at her new destination, there's a wizard or two all too eager to tempt her into the darker side of life and sex.Originally Written for: After a two-year sabbatical in Australia shortly after the war, Hermione returns home to find a very different social circle. Harry and Ginny are married, Ron and Luna are expecting their first child and even Neville is happily settled. And she thinks they are all insane.A/n: Hello again! I wrote this for a competition on LJ called "Hermione-Smut". It's pretty self-explanatory. For this chapter it focuses on TN X HG, but next it'll be DM X HG maybe with some Theo mixed in. But in the end this is a loud and proud Dramione fic! Enjoy. Also, thanks to my beta lozipozivanillabean!Warnings: Rated for lots of lemons, alcohol, possible drug use and coarse language.Dipping into the Dark SideThe air was cool for August. She wandered down the paths she knew well, their endpoints carved into the very foundations of her mind. Two years away from England couldn't skewer the memories she had from years past, spent with the jovial folk that she had called her friends. But times were warped now, and after two years in Australia, she was back.Her time away put many things into perspective. She left originally because of Ron, because they both came to a mutual agreement to see other people after the heat of the war was over and their extreme differences came into play again. He wanted an immediate marriage, and she wanted time to readjust into everyday life, find her parents, and finish her education and a job. His patience wore thin regarding that and they parted ways.Australia felt like one of the best things that had ever happened to her. She had time to relax, take things at her own pace, and study at a two-year long course at university. She pretended to be a muggle at the time, but a few stray witches realised who she was, from the world-wide articles produced after Voldemort's fall, those nations who refused to come to Britain's aid now sending praise for their wondrous achievement. It was silly if anyone asked her, but hey, who was she to judge? She up and left the day she broke up with Ron, knowing she had to find her family as quickly as possible.But they remained in Australia, too uncomfortable with what went on in London to return to their old home. And when the tides of life changed, she parted with them again, promising to visit often. They were not part of the magical community, and had a hard time adjusting to the fact that their daughter fought and almost died in a war. It rested a bit too heavily on them, and in the end she left them where they were happiest, returning to Britain with a heavy heart.Neville and Hannah's wedding wasn't unexpected, though she didn't expect they would wed at only twenty years old. Considering Ron was off with Luna now, happily married and expecting their first child, and Harry and Ginny were blissfully wedded, she felt like the odd one out. No boyfriend to speak of, no romantic affiliations to brag about, she seemed to be the only one who was turned off by romance. Amongst her friends, it was almost a sin. They were all finding happy love within each other, pleased by the relationships they had developed and maintained. The fact that she didn't even want a boyfriend alarmed all of her friends, who seemed to cope in the comfort of their spouse.For Hermione, that was too clean-cut. She didn't want an everyday relationship with no spice and someone to tie her down. She didn't want to be secured to one person, and she certainly didn't want to contemplate marriage anytime in the next ten years. Maybe that was one of the reasons she opted to wander down the darkened streets of magical London that night, no particular destination in mind. Maybe it was the thrill of being alone and knowing she could handle herself, or the undeniable boredom that she knew existed when she was around her friends. They were all too happy with their warped sense of reality.She'd been back for only a month and already she felt claustrophobic. Too many couples parading around London in a diluted sense of love. She needed space, and these nighttime walks seemed to provide the best situation for that. Even her co-workers were grinding on her last nerve.Wandering around a corner, she instantly backtracked. Hermione blinked twice before peering back around the wall again, eyes enlarging as she took in the scene just a few feet from her. A wizard leant against a woman not too far off. Briefly she thought something sinister was afoot, until the woman let out a moan of pleasure, quickly followed by another. And Hermione realised that the moan didn't originate from this mystery woman. Surprised, her head whipped straight forward to peer down the alley, eyes widening. Another couple stood less than ten feet away, going at it as well.What the hell was going on? Did none of them feel any shame being out there, baring themselves to a possible complete stranger while fucking in an alleyway? She couldn't believe her eyes."Having a good time watching Granger?"She jumped, spinning around as she did a turn in the air to peer at the speaker. Two men stood shadowed, their expressions hidden by the night. Immediately she had her wand out, staring at the two strangers. What exactly did they want?"Who are you?" she spat, fearful of the answer; though it wasn't because she didn't know the tone. Her heart hammered as she could practically see who one of the men before her really was."Don't be like that Draco," said man number two, "She doesn't seem to have any idea what's going on here." Out of the shadows stepped a man with darker skin and dark black hair, eyeing her as he spoke. "Hello Granger."Her eyebrows shot up, waiting for the man's name to register. He smirked at her obvious confusion and extended a hand. "I'm Blaise, Draco's friend. We never formally talked to each other, but he used to bitch about you all the time. I'd know you from description anywhere."Looking at the other shadow, Hermione waited several moments before the person stepped forward, revealing a blonde prat. He glared at the intrusive woman, seemingly trying to get rid of her with his glare. She just ignored him, waiting to see what else this Blaise character had to say."You seem to have stumbled onto the darker side of the world.""I was walking," she defended, crossing her arms. "Just because this is happening doesn't mean it's what I was looking for.""You haven't made to leave yet," the Italian pointed out, glancing back towards the alleyway behind her. "They're rather loud, aren't they? Those personal bubbles really don't do much.""Excuse me?""Personal bubbles," he said, stepping towards her. She backed up, and was able to see the couples in the alley again through her peripheral vision. "It's a type of spell that you cast when you're too excited about boning a girl to really worry about where you are. You cast it and it creates a bubble around you that dilutes the noise. Obviously, it doesn't block all the noise out."Her eyes widened. "It's animalistic.""It's carnal," the blonde snapped, drawing her attention again. He didn't seem like he planned to answer the question in her eyes, and shoved past her, ignoring the fact that their shoulders touched. She watched him wander down past the next light, before turning and entering the building, supposedly the same one people were currently fucking against."This is a dirty establishment," she snapped, turning away from the Italian to storm past the alleyway. "I can't believe the two of you are associating with an establishment like this!"The man followed her along. "You think I'm a part of this as well?""You were walking with Malfoy," she reminded, turning to glare at him under the next light. He shrugged, unable to protest. "And he already went inside, so I'm only left to assume that you two are here together, planning to partake in those repulsive events. Don't they have any shame?"He smirked, copying Malfoy so well it was alarming. "You'd be surprised." He extended a hand towards her. "Now how can you judge a place if you haven't been inside.""I'm not sure I want to go in," she admitted, eyeing him wearily. Something about this situation didn't seem quite right. "It's rather shady.""Some of the best spots in the world are shady," Blaise said, grabbing her hand. "Just take a peek inside. You might find that you like the darker side of things."It seemed like a really stupid idea to follow this man inside the establishment, but something about the situation drew her in. This was like nothing she'd seen before. It wasn't quite a cheap strip club, for the woman she saw outside appeared to be very well dressed before they were stripped down. No obnoxious music played giving her a headache, and no one on drugs was stumbling by, grabbing at her arms. Sure, there were people fucking like animals outside, but that was it. Maybe the inside was classier, or even worse. She wasn't quite sure what to do.Reminding herself that she was a very capable witch and could probably take down Blaise fairly easy, she dipped herself into the waters of temptation and let him pull her towards the door. She wondered if it were a stupid idea, and whether or not she should run away now.The inside wasn't quite what she expected. It was warm, biting off the chilly breeze that engulfed her on her walk. The entire place was decorated rather simply, but there was an abundance of liquor and food all over the place. There were at least five dozen people situated in the small space, sitting on top of one another, speaking quite loudly. She let Blaise guide her through the sea of people, pulling her along towards the back of the darkly-lit establishment, to a circle of people."Well, there's a face I never thought I'd see here," came a voice, catching her attention immediately. She recognised the man as Theodore Nott from school, the bigoted friend of Malfoy's who had lots of fun torturing the poor Hufflepuffs. She didn't particularly like him. "What brings you down here, Miss goody-two-shoes?"She crinkled her nose, irritated by the name. She no longer enjoyed being referred to as a book worm, especially after the war. She was so much more than her brains. Getting right up next to him as she let go of Blaise's hand, she bent down and leant towards his face."I'm here exploring the darker side of things," she replied airily, causing one of his eyebrows to shoot up. Sure, she was quoting Blaise, but the Italian had nothing to say about it as she straightened and turned around. Blaise seemed to be studying her with a dangerous smile though, the same type of expression lingering in Malfoy's eyes.She moved to step away from Nott, but hands found her waist and pulled her back, unprepared, onto the lap of the very man that infuriated her. Perhaps if she was looking, she may have seen Malfoy tense."What are you-""Relax," the man said, massaging her shoulders. He bent in, speaking directly into her ear, "I thought you wanted to dance in the darker sides of life."She didn't relax instantly into his touch, and looked around the place instead. This group of Slytherin's unsettled her, from the three men she was now re-meeting to the disgusting sneer Flint shot her way, and the devilishly curious eyes of Daphne Greengrass. But the entire place wasn't made up of only Slytherin's. Looking around she could spot several people from several other houses, some of whom she'd once been friends with. She wondered what they would think of her now if they were to look over to see her sprawled upon Theo's lap.It wasn't just a nest of snakes planning to make a fool of her, it was an entire building full of people who seemed to be here with one single purpose- sex. But she couldn't imagine that some of the faces there would come for just carnal needs, especially not the faces of some of the top Aurors and detectives in England. Her fears that this was happening to set her up and get her laughed at disappeared as she realised that the Slytherin's didn't seem to have malicious intentions. Well, none that she saw so far.Flint was whispering to Daphne when she turned back, openly groping the woman. Even at twenty, Hermione didn't quite understand the fascination with acting so bold in public. A few moments later the duo left them, and Nott adjusted beneath her. She had yet to respond to him, too absorbed in what was happening around her."What exactly is this place?" she asked at length, unable to put a name to it. Whorehouse didn't seem fitting at all, and everyone was very much a willing participant. From what she could tell, there was no upper level."It's called Dark Nest," Malfoy said, glowering at her. "Mostly, it's for Purebloods.""And why is that?" she asked, arching an eyebrow at the blonde."It's for people ignoring their lives Granger, not for stupid little muggleborns who wander around too much at night," he spat, watching her intently. She couldn't recall a time when he looked so hard at her."What Draco is trying to say," Blaise cut in, taking a drink offered up to him, "Is that this is like a spa in a way. You come here, work out the problems in your brain, find some stress relief." He beckoned to the scenery around them, the couples' slowly dispersing out- "And not to worry about real life. It's mostly for Purebloods because we're in the roughest situation right now."She scoffed, rolling her eyes. A man came by and offered her a drink, but she quickly declined. "I better not."The hands that were barely massaging her back tightened up, moving around to flick against her breasts briefly before circling back, causing her to jump slightly at Theo's boldness. He pulled her back against him, something else she wasn't expecting."That's no way to live on the edge," he grumbled, locking his arms around her waist again. "I thought you were going to try dancing on the dark side of the moon.""I am, but-""Wildcards don't refuse liquor darling," he said, pulling her against him. She wasn't as alarmed as she should be about feeling something semi-hard poking at her bottom. "Live a little."He had a point, she supposed. Although she wouldn't let a Slytherin of all people sway her judgment, the idea was getting tempting as the drink remained held out for her. After all the stress of dealing with Neville's wedding to Hannah and the love struck idiots that were now her friends, she could probably use the relaxer. Besides, everyone else was doing it. She wouldn't see them as blundering idiots if she was one as well.Without thinking she took the offered shot and downed it, ignoring Blaise's widening eyes as she did so. Malfoy continued to stare at her with that unreadable expression in his eyes."There you go," Theo said, massaging her hips now. "Let loose Granger.""We'll see," she said, turning back to glance at him. He was grinning like the devil at her, and she had the feeling that this night was going to go places she wasn't expecting.About an hour later Hermione knew she was drunk, really drunk, and Nott was having too much fun. She laughed a lot, stumbled when she got up, and couldn't handle herself well at all. Malfoy watched her with hooded eyes, but Nott took advantage of the situation and kept feeling her up every chance he got. She couldn't focus enough to figure out how that made Malfoy feel, since he was so intent on watching her, much less if she truly hated it or loved it.She was in the deep end, and she knew it, for it was dangerous to trust people that were once her enemies to watch her while she drank. Never one to have more than a couple sips of wine, Hermione realised she'd really been missing out. Drinking hard liquor was fantastic! You lost yourself way faster, and everything felt better. She didn't even worry that Theo was pulling her down on his lap again.He kissed her without warning, and she was again startled by his boldness. But the friction wasn't entirely unpleasant, and she found herself rather pleased by how talented his tongue was. He bit her lip, hard, and she moaned aloud as he teased her."Moan for me Granger," he said, fingering around her nipples through the shirt. She rested her head on his shoulder, lost in the sensation of his touch. He gripped her breast through the shirt, making sure to find and pinch her nipple mercilessly in the process. He didn't let go until she moaned again, still keeping her reactions quiet. He kissed her hard again before the sound even ended.Twisting her around again in his lap, he pulled her back flush against his front again and she once more felt the hardness beneath her. At least she was getting a rise from him. She gasped when he started undoing the buttons of her shirt, and vaguely noticed that Malfoy was now drinking heavily across the table, doing everything he could to ignore the pair across from him.It felt so wrong to let Theo undo her shirt in the middle of this open room, but she couldn't help herself. Everyone else was doing it, so why couldn't she? Besides, she wouldn't have wanted to protest anyway, not as he ripped her shirt open further where the buttons ended, exposing her purple, boring bra.She felt quite exposed, but lost in the feeling of being pleasured. He pulled her bra down, exposing her nipples to the blonde across from them before he switched and let one of his hands begin sliding up her skirt, his other continuing to twist and pull on her nipples. She moaned again."Keep going," he hissed, biting her ear. It felt amazing as her eyes slid shut, forgetting about Malfoy and everyone else in the room. His hand pushed her knickers aside, thrusting in two fingers before she knew what was happening. She cried out a little too loudly and one of his hands came to rest gently on her mouth."Don't be too loud darling. You don't want everyone in this room watching you."Her eyes flew open at that, remembering Malfoy and the others again. But he was already distracted, a busty red-head sitting on his lap, her entire upper body exposed. Hermione cringed at the view, before realising she looked the same way. Quickly, she jumped off."I don't think we should do this here," she muttered, trying to fix her clothing. He stood quickly as well and stopped her, lust filled eyes meeting her own."Okay, we don't have to do it here," he agreed, cocking an eyebrow. "But you were enjoying yourself, were you not?""Well, yes but-""Then we can go upstairs. There's small private rooms up there to use, and no one else will see you."She wasn't so sure that was a good idea, but couldn't help being intrigued as he mentioned that. Yes, what she was doing wasn't too safe and was possibly dangerous, but she couldn't quite make herself care. Nott was unknown, sexy, and all too eager to please her. Hell, she was just thinking how her friends settled down too quickly and how she needed more time to experiment. Maybe some reckless sex with an old schoolmate would help her feel better.Grinning, she nodded, leaving her clothing where it was. He smirked, grabbed her hand, and pulled her quickly up the steps. They were almost down a hallway before she turned back and glanced down to see Malfoy, watching her leave as the red head leant between his legs, her head bouncing off his erection. How he didn't feel shame down there, she didn't know.Theodore led her to a room at the end of the hall, with a bed and bathroom, and that was pretty much it. It didn't take long for him to slam the door shut, spin her around and shove her into the wood frame. She grinned at him.Her hand found the button and zipper concealing his prize before his hands could make their way back to pleasing her. He groaned when she dipped her hand inside and felt him through his boxers, hard and eager. The man was rather thick, but not as long as she first assumed. Oh well, that didn't matter right. She pulled his cock out before he could one-up her and rubbed the stiff yet soft member between her fingers. He groaned and rested his hands on either side of her head. It felt amazing.She fell down on her knees, licking the tip with the same sort of perfection that a pro might have, but he got the feeling that Hermione was no pro in the game of lust. Her head dipped down and swallowed more and more of his length as seconds tipped on, engulfing him in a warm, wet space. He groaned, moving one hand down to hold her head in place as he fucked into her mouth. She gagged, but he didn't let up, and she never tried to stop him."Fuck Hermione," he groaned, pulling her up and off his dick. He slammed her body into the wall, kissing her firmly as his hand worked back under her skirt. She moaned into his mouth, parts of her body that had been asleep for so long, finally waking up again. He pulled away and spun her around, bracing her hands on the door. It creaked a bit from the force, but held nonetheless as he flipped her skirt up over her bum.He pulled her knickers aside and rubbed her slit, causing the woman to squirm. "Merlin Granger, I never thought you had a naughty side."She whimpered at that, rocking on his hand. He only chuckled and replaced the feeling of thin digits rubbing her with something thicker that pushed her lips open barely, and she moaned loudly. Had it been that long since she was connected to a person so intimately?Theo though, unlike all of her previous lovers, wasn't out to keep her comfortable and ease in. He was looking for a fuck, and got that point clearly across in her mind as he suddenly rammed inside her, pulling her apart, after having been detached from sex for so long. She screamed, gripping the door as her fingernails scratched the wood, her body tightening. He massaged her hips."Relax darling," he whispered, bending over her. "You're incredibly tight. It's been a long time since you felt something like this. Just relax."He wasn't lying, and he knew it. She didn't scream virgin, and he didn't tear her open, so he knew this wasn't her first time. But he wasn't going to back away either. She came up there willingly, and he planned to fuck her willingly.His length moved inside of her, pounding into her dainty body. She braced her hands against the door, moaning as his hips continued to slam into hers, his cock powering into her again and again. She moaned, and then stopped, realising that it was her making all of that noise. His fingers sat upon her bum, leaving crescent marks as he pounded into her. His grunts mixed with her moans, and sweat dripped down their bodies as he took her standing, bent over in front of him."Theo!" she cried, feeling a release that she hadn't been prepared for. He powered into her, causing her pussy to leak as he worked his magic, ignoring the pain from his nails in her behind. The sound of his name on her lips only caused the man to pound away harder at her."Turn," he grunted after a moment, pulling out as he spun her around, pushing the girl down on her knees. She complied, trembling from the waves of pleasure licking through her body, her orgasm still fresh in her mind. She didn't argue when he shoved himself between her lips and finished, cum sliding down her throat. He released her when finished, and she slumped against the door, breathing hard."Apparently, you can be a little minx," he muttered, moving backward until he found the bed and fell upon it. "Not a bad one either."She remained on the floor, watching him with weary eyes. Fucking in such a position was new to her, exciting, and she couldn't believe what she'd just done. What was even more frightening was she enjoyed it. Really enjoyed it.He extended a hand to her as he sat on the bed. "Come, sleep. You look rather tired Granger."Numbly she got up, her body tingling in ways she wasn't used to. Stumbling to the other side of the bed she fell on the sheets, exhaling as her body found comfort on the mattress. A second later she felt cold, and opened her eyes to see that she was now fully nude. Her clothing sat in a pile on the floor beside her.He wrapped an arm around her, pulling her back into him. "Sleep Granger. You're going to need your energy if we plan to do that again."
