Author's Notes: In my own, happy little world, Hermione & Ron never really worked out. After the dust settled, they tried a relationship and decided they were better as friends.*Because this has been asked: The time frame of this story is approximately 4-5 years after the Battle of Hogwarts.I purposefully chose to give Hermione the 'mudblood' scar from the movies over the line on her throat from the book. I just feel the imagery of the letters marring her flesh is much more potent.DISCLAIMER: I do not own Harry Potter, or any affiliated themes/characters, and make no money from the creation or publication of this story.My other current HP Fanfictions:A Night Unfettered (Dramione [One-Shot, Lemon])Distractions (Dramione/Harmione/Hints of Drarry [PwP, only on AFF. Net])NEW! Hermione Granger and the Chaos Artifact (Dramione/Harmione/Drarry)Lessons in Hedonism (Draco-Hermione-Blaise [PwP, only on AFF. Net])The Scavengers ([AU] Dramione)Silver Blood ([DARK FIC] Dramione/Harmione)Teach Me (Dramione/Scormione [18 year old Scorpius])Unnatural Magick ([AU] Harmione/Dramione in Flashbacks)PAIRING: Draco Malfoy x Hermione GrangerChapter OneRelax"Why can't I stay with Harry?" She pleaded, but even from the corner of her eye, she saw Harry's shoulders droop, making her aware he'd already thought of that himself and realized why it wouldn't work."The Weasley family's move to Romania removes them from being any immediate protection, leaving only Harry. Therefore should you drop out of sight, anywhere Harry is becomes the first place someone would think to find you," Shacklebolt explained smoothly, trying to be gentle. "Since the Dark Lord's defeat, you're the most well-known muggle-born witch in the whole of the wizarding world. Mention that you are the brightest witch of your age naturally follows. All those like you are being hidden away, but you're far too known, so this is not as simple as sending you to a safe house. Whoever is hunting the muggle-borns is probably dying to get their hands on you.""There's got to be a better plan than this," she whispered, misery lacing her tone.Harry took her hand in his and gave it a gentle squeeze. "They've agreed to hide you, and they have a lot of work to do redeeming their name. They won't let anything happen to you."She turned to him, slipping her arms around his neck to hug him tight. "I don't trust them."Around the side of her head, Harry exchanged a dubious glance with the Minister. "Neither do I, not entirely, anyway. I'll come check on you whenever I can, I promise.""It's only temporary," Shacklebolt assured them, "until we figure something else out, or we find who's doing this and stop them. Their home is the last place on earth anyone believe you to be. Harry and I are the only ones who know where you're going."That was how Hermione came to be in a bed in Malfoy Manor, of all the dread places in the wizarding world where she could have found herself. She'd agreed to try and rest, because it seemed the only thing to do at the moment, and she'd believed that true . . . so she couldn't help but wonder which god thought it terribly funny to grant her insomnia on this particular night. Though she'd not consulted the clock on her bedside table, she sensed that her bout of tossing and turning had been going on for hours by now.Frowning darkly, she sat up finally and switched on the delicate, ornately crafted lamp set beside the clock. She barely refrained from scooping up the time piece to give it an angry, quizzical scowl. Not that it would do much good; she wasn't certain if she wanted it to tell her it was already morning, or if she wanted the clock to suddenly work backward and tell her it was twelve a.m. rather than two-thirty a.m.This wasn't fair! She was exhausted, but what was happening to her fellow muggle-borns haunted her. Their imagined fates rolled around in her mind, again and again, keeping sleep so unimaginably far from her. She felt as though some part of her brain believed that if she tossed once more, if she managed to turn at just the right moment, then bamsleep would get her!With a heavy sigh, Hermione pushed her blanket away and threw her legs over the side of the bed to feel the thick, plush carpet beneath her bare feet. During her tour of the manor, she'd seen a huge, beautiful tub in one of the bathrooms on this floor. A good soak in hot, sudsy water was likely to calm her restless mind enough to help her drift off to sleep. Her muscles were sore, anyway, from the tension of this horrible day, alone.Grumbling quietly to the empty room, she snatched up the thick, soft towels she'd left in the armchair beside the door and poked her head out into the hall. For a moment, she only listened, trying to determine if everyone else was still sleeping. After a time, not a single sound met her earsunless one counted the portraits along the walls, the occupants of which were snoring softly.Nodding to herself, she at last slipped out of her room and started walking down the corridor with quiet, carefully measured steps. Oddly the place wasn't nearly as creepy to her as she'd thought it would be . . . what with the basement dungeon and memories of being tortured by Bellatrix.She paused briefly to shake off a chilling wave of revulsion that followed the second half of that thought, even as she reflexively rubbed a fingertip across the scar on her forearm. Still, that didn't actually make her find her surroundings creepy. Halting once more, her hand on the decorative crystal knob of the bathroom door, she wondered if the reason for her feeling or lack thereof, as seemed the casewas that despite her personal history with the Malfoys, she actually was safe here.Shrugging to herself, Hermione finally turned the knob and stepped into the bathroom . . . only to immediately drop her towels, her face flushing at the sight that greeted her.Draco Malfoy lounged at the far end of the tub. A damp washcloth covered his face, but she could tell it was him from the fringe of short-ish platinum hair pooling around his head as it rested back against the basin. This could have been worseshe didn't want to think how embarrassing it might have been to walk in on the other male Malfoy in the bath.She tried to ignore the sight of nice, firm-looking shoulders and lightly sculpted chest muscles, and tried even harder to ignore the bits further down, obscured beneath steaming water.Hermione was frozen in place, giving a start as he said, "Come in and join me or get out and close the door. Decide fast Granger, you're letting all the steam out of the room."He . . . couldn't really mean that, could he? Chestnut eyes darted around, but only for a moment before he lifted a hand from the watershe was in complete denial that her gaze skimmed the length of his lean, pale arm as it broke the surfaceto lift a corner of the cloth, locking a single grey eye on her.Draco was amused by how lost and bewildered she looked. He'd ignore that her wispy choice of nighttime attire left little to the imagination as it was. "Have you lost your ability to understand plain English?"She blinked rapidly a few timesforget the mystery of who was murdering muggle-borns, Malfoy had suddenly become a puzzle all his own. "Uh . . . no, no. I'm just not sure if you're serious or joking."He shrugged, creating gentle ripples in the water and letting the cloth drop back down, oddly intrigued to see what she would do. "Whatever, I'm not going anywhere. So come in or get out, those are your choices."Her eyebrows shot up as she spared a second to think this over. Simple pride screamed at her to take a single step backward and slam the door. But then . . . What was the harm, really? No one would ever believe that she'd walked in on him in the bath and he'd not thrown her out of the room, let alone that he offered for her to share said bath with him.It all seemed unbelievable enough to even be stamped potentially innocent. And maybejust maybeshe thought, he'd feel so awkward when he looked back on this moment that he'd avoid her the next few days.Giving a shrug of her own, and doing her best to act as though it didn't unsettle her at all, Hermione pulled the door closed. Thinking better on it, she flicked the lock into place. This wasn't exactly a moment of her life she wanted someonebe it a house elf, or one of the elder Malfoysto walk in on. Just the idea of what anyone would think was enough to raise the hint of a blush in her cheeks."Fine, whatever," she grumbled, stepping up to the tub and slipping off her nightgown and knickers.Despite her nonchalant tone, she kept a careful eye on him, desperately praying he didn't lift that cloth again until she was ducked down under the water.Slowly she dipped in a toe, testing the temperature. Oh, that is perfect. Holding in a blissful sigh, she stepped into the tub and lowered herself, inch by inch, moving in deliberate increments to savor the feel of the heated water seeping through her as she sank into a sitting position.She glanced down at herself before quickly dipping her hair back into the water. Sweeping the wet locks forward over her shoulders to cover her breasts, she then folded her hands in her lap. It was difficult to completely throweveryounce of her modesty out the windowher gaze skirted the water before darting immediately upward againno matter how very much of Draco Malfoy might be visible to her right now."So, what do you think?" He asked in a deep, rumbling tone."What?" Hermione was immediately so flustered she couldn't begin to imagine what he was asking her aboutthus far this was already proving to be the most nerve-rattling relaxing soak she'd ever had in her life.He sighed heavily and again raised a hand, this time removing the wash cloth, though his eyes remained closed. "Your predicament? You're playing it cool, sure, but it can't be comfortable staying here. I don't know what would be worse, stuck in a place you hate, or feeling like someone is stalking you, with bated breath, just outside the walls.""You really are rotten, Draco Malfoy," she hissed.He uttered a smug chuckle.She leaned forward a little to rub her aching shoulders. "I'd rather not think about the latter, thank you. As for staying here, I honestly don't know. I mean, if someone had told me just this morning that I would a be house guest of the Malfoys, I'd have told them I'd sooner die before subjecting myself to such torture.""Well, seeing as your choices are the torture of hiding out here or risk a miserable death, I can see why it would be a tough call."Much to her dismay, she flickered her gaze toward him to find that he'd opened his eyes and was nowor perhaps already had beenwatching her as she lightly massaged her sore muscles."Oh, for pity's sake. Turn around," he muttered, lifting his head and sitting up.Her eyebrows shot up, arms dropping instantly to splash loudly into the water as she gaped at him. "I'm sorry, what, now?"He granted her an exasperated eye roll. "It's obvious you're very tense. You look like you're ready to jump out of your skin; it's no great mystery why you're awake in the dead of night."After a moment, Hermione realized what he intended. He was likely only thinking to work the knots from her shoulders; being the spoiled creature he was, he probably had someone to do such things for him, and thus considered it no big deal."Okay," she said slowly, turning in the water and putting her back to him. "You, um . . ." she shrugged as she swept her sopping wet hair over one shoulder, "you don't seem tense at all, so why are you awake?"Draco took a moment, rubbing his hands together beneath the water before lifting them to break the surface and smoothing his palms across her small shoulders. He hid a chuckle at her obvious attempt to bite back a moanas if her reaction wasn't apparent from the sudden way her head fell forward?"I'm awake," he said, allowing her to save face by pretending he didn't notice, "because the only time it's possible to relax in this place is when everyone else is asleep."Hermione tried to keep a hold of his words, but that was proving a challenge. The heat of his skin against hers, the delicate pressure of his fingertips kneading her muscles, had a sinfully mind-numbing effect."You know what I've always wondered?" she asked in a hurried and hushed tone."Hmm?""Why do you hate muggle things so much?"He arched a brow. "Because wizarding things are just better. You know it, I know it, anyone who's ever even seen the wizarding world knows it."She shrugged against his hands, ignoring how odd it felt being so comfortable around Draco Malfoy in this momentand that it felt so odd only because this sudden turn-around really didn't feel odd at all. "That's not actually an answer."Now he gave a shrug of his own, sliding his hands downward to begin working the middle of her back. "Of course it is, why wouldn't it be?""I mean," she murmured, rolling her shoulders forward to curve her back more firmly into his hands, "I can understand you feeling like you're better than mugglesit isn't true, but that's hardly the pointbut you regard all things muggle with what I can only call loathing.""It's just how I was raised, I suppose."She nodded, diligently ignoring that every now and again the tips of his fingers circled a little too far forward, just barely brushing against the underside of her breasts. "Like you were raised to hate muggle-borns?""Well, yes, but you're a special case."In that moment, even in the heat of the water and against the warmth and comfort of his working hands, Hermione felt a thin sheet of ice coat the pit of her stomach as she wondered how much the killer must loathe people like her. She pushed the notion aside, focusing on his touch."A special case, am I?""Sure."When he didn't elaborate, she glanced over her shoulder at him.He managed an ever so faint furrowing of his brow, lifting his eyes from where his hands continued to move over her skin to meet her gaze. "Here you are, born from mugglesmuggle world, muggle friends, muggle lifeyet you're better at . . . basically everything than anyone in the entire school was. People from generation upon generation of pure wizard blood and you best us at our own gifts. It's our legacy, but there you were, swooping in and showing us how it's all done. That's hardly fair, now is it?"In a strange way, she understood what he meant. It was ridiculous, but she suddenly got why he hated her so very much. "That makes sense, actually," she said before she even realized the words had escaped.He frowned, glaring at the back of her head. "And you struck me, don't think I forgot that." The motions of his hands over her skin slowed just a little. "Honestly, who goes around pummeling others with their fists?""Maybe it's just the way I was raised. Muggles hardly have wands to whip out when they lose their temper, now do they?""Oh, I hadn't thought of that."Hermione lowered her head again, letting herself get a bit lost once more in the feeling of his hands on her skinshe needed the distraction to keep from thinking of who might be hunting those like her, or why. "Of course not, it requires thinking of someone other than yourself.""That's fair."Before she could stop herself, Hermione found her head turning to once more capture his gaze. "You know, you're much easier to talk to like this.""Oh?" He couldn't help a chuckle. "You mean relaxed and naked?"She shook her head, holding back a grin. "In the sense that it makes you vulnerable, yes.""Well, being around you is much easier to stomach like this.""Funny.""Thank you.""Prat. You know it's odd, but you're actually handsome when you're not making sour expressions." She interrupted herself to let out a short, embarrassed giggle. "I can't believe I just said that. Relaxed and vulnerable is bad."He gave another small shrug. "To be fair, you're pretty when you're not . . . . Oh, bloody hell, you've always been pretty, but you're such a pain in the arse."Her breath caught in her throat for a moment. "You think I'm pretty?" More to the point, he'd always thought she was pretty?He simply continued kneading her skin with the tips of his fingers for a few silent moments, the occasional forward-circling of his hands to brush delicately beneath her breasts much more deliberate now. "You were right. Relaxed and vulnerable is bad."Hermione forced a small gulp down her throat, the tone of his voice effortlessly banishing the cold in the pit of her stomach and replacing it with a faint, pooling warmth.There was something in the way he was looking at her, something in the way she suddenly found herself fascinated by the movement of his lips as he said, "Then again, bad may be an understatement."She forced her eyes front, the instant heat flooding her had little to do with the temperature of the water. Yet she couldn't bring herself to move out of his touch.Draco sank his teeth into his bottom lip as his gaze wandered her water-splashed skin. That she didn't pull away gave him two options. He considered, as the very tips of his fingers once more brushed soft, rounded flesh, whether to simply drop his hands and tell her to go . . . . Or take advantage of their mutually vulnerable state.He moved closer and chanced skimming his lips along her shoulder. She trembled against him, and he chanced again, slipping his hands around her to cup her breasts.Hermione wasn't certain what to do. His hands, his lips, his breath, felt so good on her skin. Everything felt good, but wasn't that what made everything wrong? This was Draco Malfoy behind her, brushing his lips against her, teasingly rolling her nipples between thumb and forefinger.She turned her head to look at him and he caught her by surprise, covering her mouth with his. Surprising her further, her tongue darted out, seemingly of its own volition, to trace his lips, seeking entrance.The groan that escaped him as he opened to her, eagerly caressing her exploring tongue with his own, made her body clench. One of his hands slipped from her breast, trailing along her skin from her side, up to her shoulder, and down the length of her arm to settle his fingers over hers.Hermione nipped at his tongue, shifting a little closer to him in the water. Her free arm went up, draping loosely around his neck as he led her hand back.He curved her fingers around his hardened length, guiding her to stroke him.Her body clenched again, sharply, at the feel of him beneath her fingers and she broke off the kiss, gasping loudly. "I'm sorry," she said in a rushed whisper as she released him and pushed up to stand.The coolness of the air washed over her, raising goosebumps across suddenly too-sensitive skin, and tightening her nipples instantly. She shuddered, moaning softly.One of his hands remained on herwhen she'd stood, he'd simply allowed it to slip downward, but never actually let go. Resting over her knee, he again took her indecision as an opportunity and dragged his fingers around the back of her leg, to the inside of her knee."Well, Granger, are you going or staying," he murmured as he raised his hand slowly, trailing the tips of his fingers upward, stopping as he reached her inner thigh.She turned just enough to meet his gaze. "I don't know why I'm not leaving," she said, her voice small.Draco smirked, getting to his feet slowly. As he moved, he circled his arm around her again, curving it over her hip as he spoke, "You know Granger, sometimes it's okay to do something just because it feels good.""Is it really?" She wondered how she could think at all with the heat of his body against her, with the steady pressure of his fingertips over her skin as they inched closer to the triangle of damp curls between her legs.He took half a step to one side, capturing her hand in his again and leading it back to him. "Yes. Not everything has to mean something.""Oh?" She licked her lips, her head falling back against his shoulder as she felt the smooth, warm skin of him beneath her fingers once more. "So then, what exactly are we doing?"His teeth sunk into his bottom lip as the tips of his fingers dipped between her thighs, between delicate feminine folds, to rub against the sensitive little bead of flesh there. "Releasing some tension," he whispered in her ear.She nodded, sliding her hand over his length, his fingers covering hers, still, controlling her motions as he rocked his hips against her strokes. Clamping her lips shut, she moaned loudly and followed his lead, slipping her free hand over the one working between her legs and began guiding him.He made a low, growl-like sound. "I was worried you wouldn't catch on.""Shut up, Malfoy," she said breathlessly, pressing his fingers in hard, circular motions against her.Thrusting into her hand, he opened his mouth over the side of her throat, dragging teeth and tongue across her skin as she trembled beneath his fingers. He tightened her grip slightly, so that her fingertips massaged the underside of him.He wanted to hold out, to make her come first, but the feel of his fingers slipping over the slick, pulsing little bead, of her hand moving over him in perfectalbeit guidedstrokes was edging him. The way she tensed against him, fine tremors running through her as she worked his fingers over her faster, still, made him realize she was close, too.Hermione bit her lip, muffling her moans as the orgasm tore through her. Trembling, she pulled at his hand, trying to make him rub faster, nearly crying out in relief when he complied, forcing shock after shock of pleasure to course through her.The sense of how frantic she was, how desperate to have him meet her need, pushed him over the edge and he bit into her shoulder to keep from making a sound as he rocked his pelvis in sharp, jerking motions, allowing her stroking fingers to work the orgasm out of him.As it ebbed, she sagged back against him, her hips bucking against the steadily slowing circles of his fingertips. He froze in one final, hard thrust, and she continued moving over him, sliding the tips of her fingers along the soft underside, coaxing every last drop from him.Draco finally stilled her hand, lifting his head from her shoulder to meet her gaze. "I . . . ." He took a moment to catch his breath and tried again. "I can't believe I just did that with you."She laughed in spite of herself, still leaning against him as she, too, waited for her breathing to slow. "It's a bit late for regrets.""I said nothing of regret, Granger," he said, his tone reasonable as he placed his hands on her hips and led her out of the tub ahead of him."And you bit me." She frowned, examining the teeth marks in her shoulder as she snatched up her towel.He offered her that infuriating Malfoy smirk. "Well, now we're even for that punch."Lucius frowned, wearily rubbing sleep from his eyes as he wandered down the hall. The sound of a door opening gave him a start and he halted. He saw his son's familiar, pale head exit the bathroom and turn away, walking toward his room.Shaking his headhis nerves still had not settled since Voldemort's final defeathe took a step, and immediately stopped again. There, coming out of the doorway to follow Draco down the corridor, was Miss Hermione Granger. He'd never seen her quite like this, though; dampness-darkened hair hanging heavy down her back in sleek, clumped tendrils, slender legs bared beneath a short, flimsy, cream-colored gown. The fabric clung to her, giving the impression of stepping from a bath and dressing without toweling off properly. Her usual muggle attire did her no justice.His brows shot up and he found himself quietly moving down the hall after them.Hermione turned toward her door and Lucius halted again. She glanced at her shoulder and then hissed at his son, "This better not scar. I already have one from your family and that's quite enough.""Well, if I'd known you'd complain about it . . . ." Draco stepped up behind her, his arms slipping around her and pulling her back against him.She moaneda delicate sound, soft, deceptively innocent, delicious. Lucius blinked, giving himself a shake at the . . . disturbing observation, yes, that was the word, disturbing.He watched his son kiss the girl's neck and then pull away as she opened her door. She stepped inside, slamming it in the young man's face.Draco's chuckle echoed softly through the hall. "Goodnight to you, too, Granger."The girl's responding hmph was audible through the door and he chuckled again, turning on a heel to continue down the corridor to his own room.Lucius turned back toward his room, the reason he'd woken in the first place forgotten. As he walked away, he found himself in a very peculiar state. He was hard, for seemingly no reason. No reason whatever, he insisted.Because it certainly could have nothing to do with the damp-skinned, barely dressed young woman, or her soft, enticing moan playing over and over in his head.