Authors note: Welcome to all the lovely readers who have stumbled upon my story. (Deep bow) I give you my first ever fanfic. I have been working on this story for a long time and am still busy with it. I am quite self-conscious about my writing so please don't judge it to hard. I'd love to hear what you think so please leave reviews or PM me. No flames please. Just want to give a shout out to Gryffindorrat who is my cousin and beta. If it wasn't for her I would never have tried to share my story with the Fandom world. Hope you enjoy it! :DSummary: The war is finally over and Harry is looking forward to a normal eighth year with his friends. Yet the year takes a startling turn when Draco Malfoy returns to Hogwarts in chains, led by the Head Unspeakable, who seems to have a strange interest in Draco's life. Being asked by Dumbledore to protect the Malfoy Heir from vengeful students and harm, Harry and his friends set out to do that, thinking it to be a simple request. However, danger lurks in the shadows and Harry finds out there is much more at stake than just Draco's pride, including his growing feelings for his charge. Fighting to protect Draco from an unseen enemy, Harry discovers that love can be found in the most unexpected of people and that a happy ending is only easily achieved in fairy tales.Warnings: Violence, bad language and BoyXBoy romance. (This story is rated M for safety reasons and thus is for mature audiences.)Disclaimer: Sadly I don't own Harry Potter, that is the privilege of J.K Rowling and The Warner Brothers. I am simply using the characters as my marionettes to preform my Drarry desires.Somethings you should know before you read this. The war ended such as it had in the Harry Potter books and movies but for this story I needed some characters alive that had died. So if your wondering why the deceased are still walking among the living use your imagination to think of how they survived. ;) (I'm too lazy to go into such small details haha)Prologue:Trust, such a foolish thing to believe inPeople are born selfish; it is hidden deep within every heart. It is an incurable obsession.Hope is an unrealistic dream. Something to make people look forward to tomorrow. A simple delusion from their harsh realities.Love nothing but an empty lie. A non-existent entity whose sole purpose is to entice one to despair.There is only yourself and survival.hdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdThe war has ended. Lord Voldermort was finally dead and those who sacrificed themselves for the cause has been laid to rest. Their wishes and dreams are now carried by those that have survived.Finally peace in the Wizarding World wasn't a hopeless dream. Slowly the smiles are returning to the faces that had cried endless tears. Yes, life was moving on and people started living after years of fear.And to one Harry Potter, the prospect of finally living without a madman after his life seemed like a miracle. Though he detested the fame and glory he received for being the Saviour of the Wizarding world, as they now liked to call him in the Daily Prophet, it could not dampen his positive attitude to his new life. Harry, Ron and Hermione, with many of their other companions, could often be seen helping to restore what had been destroyed with smiles and laughter. Their childlike sides renewed by relief. Even more so with Harry, as if catching up on the childhood mischief he missed one could easily find him sneaking up on his friends, poking them as they are lifting heavy objects causing them to drop them (usually on their poor, innocent toes) or jumping out behind walls scaring them. One would often hear the rich laughter of The Boy Who Lived.Hogwarts, school of Witchcraft and Wizardry was one of the first places to be restored to all of its glory. Scars of the war will always remain on the hallowed halls, but they serve as a reminder of what was won. A new beginning! Harry and his friends, as well as many other seventh years, have returned to the school to complete their studies which was so rudely interrupted by the war. Only the House of Slytherin seemed to suffer in numbers, as most of the seventh year students fled the country in fear of what might become of them, seeing as they were tied to Death Eaters or junior Death Eaters themselves.Most of the Death Eaters were either killed or captured (now rotting in Azkaban), yet some managed to escape into the shadows. The Aurors had difficulty repressing the rage of the people who demanded that they should be killed for what they have done. Even in this new time of peace, hate and prejudice is still strong. People still hold on to their grudges and anger hidden deep within them. It is what keeps their sadness at bay and their minds on moving forward.Still darkness awaits. The shadows are stirring with unease, whilst the wind brings news of future perils. People are blind to the hidden messages and deaf to the whispers of foreboding. Choosing instead to ignore the hidden cries and screams. BecausePeople are Selfish by nature...HDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDHDAnd so it begins... Will you continue onward? Share your thoughts please. :)
