I fell in love with this pairing and never looked back!It's a friends to lovers story, with RemusXSirius on the side but not really as a main pairing.There is some Weasley and Hermione bashing, as well as mentions of child abuse and bullying.Disclaimer: I am not making any money off of this (obviously) and all characters belong to God. (Aka Jk Rowling) (I have no life) (Let's move on)The soft, unique smell of books surrounded me as I stepped into the shop, a light tinkling noise following me as the door closed behind me. A tall, thin, and slightly rumpled man smiled at me from behind the counter, his amber eyes weathered, but bright with intelligence and happiness."Hello. If you need anything, don't be shy." He told me, shuffling a small pile of books over and starting on a new one."Thank you." I replied, unbuttoning my coat as the warmth of the shop sunk into my chilled skin. I found myself drawn to the fiction section, running my fingers over the spines of the books. I had passed this store so many times in the past two months that I couldn't resist its pull anymore. I had always loved books, even before I could read. Books kept me company where my nonexistent siblings couldn't. Books stayed up late with me under the covers, spinning tales of bravery and adventure; everything a sheltered rich boy like myself dreamed of when they were growing up. And though I had become a teenager in an adult's body in every other aspect of life, there was still that part of me that absolutely adored books.My parents and I had moved to Leicester just a month ago, making ourselves comfortable in our large apartment. The move took a long time, with me still completing my first term and my father wrapping up his affairs in London. I jumped into school just after first term, after the Holidays, and I missed being on break already. I walked past the book shop/coffee shop twice a day five times a week; when I walked to and from my school. Lunar Caf. It looked cozy and welcoming, and I just couldn't resist anymore.I smiled to myself as I came across a few that I considered personal classics: Lord of the Rings, Artemis Fowl and Eye of the World being a couple. I was contemplating a new book when the door flew open, the little bell ringing violently. A shorter, skinny boy with wild black hair burst into the shop, panting heavily."Remus, I'm so sorry I'm late!" He said, his face softened with apology. My angle gave me a perfect view of bright green eyes. That boy was bloody cute. The man at the counter softened, sighing at the boy."It's alright, Harry.""The appointment was early this week, after what happened last week...""That's fine, really. Just let me know ahead of time in the future." The boy- Harry- nodded graciously and took off his jacket, the snow melting where it had fallen on his shoulders. He set up behind the coffee counter, washing his hands thoroughly. I bit my lip as Harry pinned his hair out of his bangs, revealing his large green eyes, black glasses and more of his pale skin. He rolled his sleeves up past his forearms and started cleaning mugs, blowing air out of his mouth and making his bottom lip pout a bit.I felt a light thrill go through my body when he looked over at me, grinning sheepishly. He must have thought I was staring because of his abrupt entrance. I was A bit. But I was staring mostly because he was so. Fucking. Attractive! He was a bit on the short side, but had long (for his height, anyway), nicely shaped arms and a lithe torso. And he really was handsome, with a cute nose and a strong jaw, and those fucking eyes! I couldn't look away!His boss, the man behind the counter (Remus?), walked over and bent down to speak to him, grinning when he pulled away. Harry looked up at me, and I flushed, looking away quickly and walking down the aisle, feigning interest in a nearby book.It was exactly this that caused my family to move in the first place. I had been attending a prestigious school in London, and doing rather well. I had a close knit group of friends and excellent marks. Then I came out as gay. Most of my friends were fine with it; Pansy claimed to have known all along, Theo was Bi himself, Blaise didn't care as long as he could make jokes and Greg looked unaffected. Vincent Crabbe, however, rejected the idea completely and outed me to the rest of the school. The effect was violent. I was harassed, ignored, shoved and even beaten, until my father stepped in and pulled me out of the school. We moved away, my mother needing a break from city life and my father getting a new placement in his job. I was relieved, but struggling to adjust. My new school was very accepting, and most of the students were friendly, but things were very different from how I had been raised in the sense that everything was very laid back.I dared a look back at the attractive boy as I walked to the end of the aisle, only to find him still looking at me. He smiled, and I blushed, looking away to hide my own smile. The smell of coffee mixed with the smell of books, making me feel warm. I touched a few other books, pulling one out every now and then to read the inside cover."Can I help you find anything?" I jumped and turned quickly, coming face to face with wide green eyes framed by round black glasses.HPDM HPDM HPDMShit, shit, shit, shit!I ran full tilt down the street, pausing to lean against a streetlight and catch my breath."Hello, Harry." A dreamy voice floated out of the shop I was standing near. I looked up to meet the eyes of my friend Luna, who was bringing the flowers from outside back into the store. Why they were outside in the first place was beyond me- they were covered in frost already. She worked in the curio shop, owned by the local fortune teller Madame Trelawney. I panted and raised a hand in a wave. "You're late again, huh? How's your mother?""She... she's good, thanks Luna." I managed to puff out. Luna smiled."That's good. She should eat more Vitamin D. It'll be good for her in the winter." Oh. Maybe I should pick up some vitamins tonight."Thanks. I'll keep that in mind." I replied genuinely."Madame says to keep your eyes open for ice." I looked ahead at the well- salted sidewalk in front of me."Uh... okay, sure. See you around." I took off running again, a bit slower this time."Bye, Harry!" After a few minutes, I burst into the book shop I worked at, panting desperately."Remus, I'm so sorry I'm late!" My godfather and boss smiled slightly in empathy."It's alright, Harry." I felt my throat tighten slightly."The appointment was early this week, after what happened last week..." Remus cut me off, subtly gesturing his head towards the bookshelves. There was a customer here."That's fine, really. Just let me know ahead of time in the future." I nodded and pulled my coat off, walking behind the coffee counter and putting my apron on.I washed my hands and moved my hair out of the way, getting to work cleaning cups with a sigh. A short glance up at the customers confirmed my fears that people had been staring as I made eye contact with a teenage boy in the fiction section. I smiled shortly and went back to prepping, feeling embarrassed. He probably went to my school; probably spread rumors and gossip about me. I felt Remus looking at me, pausing in his work sorting out our new books. He walked over to me, leaning down to talk in my ear."That boy hasn't looked away from you since you walked in the store." I glanced at Remus as he pulled back, smirking at me. I looked over at the customer in the fiction section, and he looked away quickly, blushing. The boy carried on down the bookshelves, touching the spines absently. I tried to look away and focus on making coffee and cookies, but it was hard not to stare. He looked very classy, wearing a dark gray coat with a green scarf, his white blonde hair falling slightly into his face, which he brushed away with an elegant sweep of his hand.He looked up again when he neared the end of the aisle, and blushed deeply when I smiled at him, turning away so I could only see his profile. He was smiling, but turned his attention back to the books. I bit my lip and leaned against the counter, watching the way he pulled the books out to read their covers. I still wasn't sure if I was gay, but Remus was, and I didn't have a problem with homosexuality. I also wasn't afraid to admit when someone is attractive."Hey, Harry. Why don't you go help him out?" Remus suggested quietly. I snapped to attention, nodding at my boss. I crept quietly over to him, not wanting to interrupt."Can I help you find anything?" The boy startled, turning to face me. He had fine features, light skin and piercing, heart-stopping eyes. They were molten silver, cloudy skies, with sharp, cutting, cold icy blue flecks. I lost my words for a moment, mesmerized by those eyes. I had never seen eyes that that before, and they were Well, they were beautiful. I suddenly remembered what Luna had told me, the words echoing in my head familiarly.Keep your eyes open for ice.
