"Okay, who's going first?" someone shouted over all the noise.The Weasley girls (plus Lily, of course) had gotten together for a little sleepover in the Room of Requirement to celebrate the new school year. And the first game to play, naturally, was Truth or Dare."I'll go," volunteered Dominique, the green Weasley. Nicknamed so for being the only Weasley in Slytherin, with Lily being the only Potter."Who you gonna pick?" Lily asked her.Dominique grinned. "You," she said.Lily bit her lip. She was right to be a bit scared; Dom could get a bit crazy at times. But she quickly recovered. Lily Potter was definitely not known to be scared. Of anything. "Dare," she said."Okay. But, quick question," Dominique said. "Anything goes, right?"A chorus of agreement arose from the group."Now go, already!" Rose yelled at her. She couldn't wait to see what Dominique had planned for Lily."Okay, okay! I dare you to...""You don't have one, do you?" Molly taunted."Oh, shut up! Just because you're a year older doesn't mean you know everything!""Just get on with it!""Fine. Seduce a boy."Lily laughed. "Any old boy? Too easy. You're losing your edge." After all, she was Lily Potter. Every boy wanted her."Nope. Not just anyone.""Oh, Merlin." She was scared. "You wouldn't.""I think we both know I definitely would.""Would what?" Lucy questioned. "Am I missing something?""Scorpius. Malfoy."Lily was speechless. There were, as with any rule, exceptions. Namely, Scorpius.Roxanne gasped. "No.""Yes," Dominique grinned."How in Merlin's name is she supposed to do that?" Roxanne asked."That is for her to figure out.""You bitch!" Lily screeched, finally regaining control of her vocal cords. "You evil, plotting, bitch! You purposefully chose me, and the one person who isn't falling over himself to get me! You're a bitch, you know that?""How could I not? You've informed me three times now, haven't you? Of course, that's the goal of the game, isn't it? To be the biggest bitch and come up with the worst dare or question? Of course I did it on purpose! Is it even possible to do that on accident?""Shut up, bitch."
